President, I rise this afternoon in support of the Hollings amendment which I think is a wonderful first step to begin to reform our campaign finance system. As many of my distinguished colleagues have mentioned in the course of this debate, at any time when you attempt to amend the Constitution of the United States, you do so with trepidation. This is the fundamental organic document of our Government. It deserves great respect and reverence, and we do not do this lightly.  But today we are facing a crisis of public confidence in the democratic order in the United States with respect to campaign finance reform. If the Constitution and the Court had remained silent on this issue, we would not be here today. But the Court has spoken, first in the case of Buckley versus Valeo, several years ago, and in its progeny. Their voice has concluded, and some would argue not correctly, but concluded that the first amendment prevents Congress from imposing limits on campaign expenditures.  If the Court refuses to reassess its ruling, we have no choice but to propose to the people of the United States that in their wisdom they consider an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, and that is why we are here today. We are not doing this in a vacuum. We are doing this because of a crisis in confidence by the public.  To be kind, the public is disenchanted with the American political system, particularly the American political campaign finance system. They see far too much money going to campaigns. They are concerned that this money is extracting special interest favors. All of this undermines a sense of democracy, a sense of participation, a sense of what it is to be a citizen in this great country. Last year's election saw record fundraising and record expenditures. An unprecedented $2.7 billion was spent in Federal elections last year, three times the amount that was spent the year the Buckley versus Valeo case was decided. As this money is poured in, the public is becoming increasingly disenchanted and increasingly disenfranchised from the process.  In a 1992 poll, 84 percent of the electorate stated that Congress was owned by special interests, a direct reflection, I think, of the perception of how the campaign finance system may work. For the first time in decades, last year's Presidential elections saw less than half of the eligible voters going to the polls to register their votes. The American public sees a great problem. Months ago, in the Washington Post, 80 percent of those surveyed indicated there was too much money in campaigns and favored the adoption of campaign spending limits.  For the well-being of our democracy, for the confidence we must have of its citizens, as we go about doing our work, I feel this amendment is in order and indeed must be enacted.  As I mentioned before, the great stumbling block to effective limits on campaign expenditures is the Supreme Court decision in Buckley versus Valeo. At the core of that 1976 decision, there is this language:       The first amendment denies Government the power to      determine that spending to promote one's political views is      wasteful, excessive, or unwise. In the free society ordained      by our Constitution, it is not the Government but the people,      individually as citizens and candidates, and collectively as      associations and political committees, who must retain      control over the quantity and range of debate on public      issues in a political campaign.  That seems to be the core sense of why the Court decided it. But I suggest the notion that citizens and even candidates are controlling the system today has been overwhelmed by events, overwhelmed by an avalanche of money coming into political campaigns. In fact, the system that was created under Buckley versus Valeo has collapsed, in effect, inundated by independent expenditures, special interest expenditures, money by the torrent coming into campaigns. It is not surprising, then, that the Washington Post detailed that the special interests coming into a campaign in Pennsylvania's 21st Congressional District outspent either one of the candidates. In effect, the candidates control neither the dialog nor the issues; it was outside forces, some of them anonymous or at least ambiguous.  All of this contributed not to what we think an election should be about, two candidates or several candidates presenting their ideas, arguing eloquently, reaching out to people. In effect, the candidates became a sideshow. It was the battle between special interests. That is not what the American people want to see in their elections, and if we are to control that and constrain that, we must have, in this particular moment, a constitutional amendment to do so.  The issue about the Buckley versus Valeo decision is one that constrained our thought about campaign financing for many, many years. My colleagues in this body have offered many proposals, legislatively, to correct it. There is the Feingold-McCain bill. There is other legislation. Leader Daschle has introduced legislation. I support all of these. But my fear is if we adopt any one of them, and I hope we do adopt campaign finance reform legislatively, the ingenuity and creativity of lawyers and consultants will find ways around it, simply because ultimately we cannot control the amount of money going into campaigns. This amendment will give us that authority.  The concept, also, that unlimited spending is good, I think, has to be looked at very skeptically. Unlimited spending can drown out free speech, can squelch someone who does not have the resources to compete. It may not, in fact, always advance the concept of a free exchange of ideas in an electoral campaign.  Many of our leading constitutional scholars, in fact, have reached this conclusion. Paul Freund, the distinguished professor at Harvard Law School wrote:       Campaign contributors are operating vicariously through the      power of their purse, rather than through the power of their      ideas. I would scale that relatively lower in the hierarchy      of First Amendment values. We are dealing here not so much      with the right of personal expression or even association,      but with dollars and decibels, and just as the volume of      sounds may be limited by law, so may the volume of dollars,      without violating the First Amendment.  Judge Skelly Wright, one of our most distinguished jurists wrote:       Nothing in the First Amendment commits us to the dogma that      money is speech. Far from stifling First Amendment values,      campaign limits actually promote them. In place of unlimited      spending, limits encourage all to emphasize less expensive,      face-to-face communications, exactly the kind of activities      that promote real dialogue and leave much less room for      manipulation and avoidance of the issues.  In the words of a distinguished New York School of Law professor, Ronald Dworkin:       The Buckley decision was a mistake, unsupported by      precedent and contrary to the best understanding of prior      first amendment jurisprudence. It misunderstood not only what      free speech really is, but what it really means for free      people to govern themselves.  All these experts would conclude that Buckley versus Valeo in effect is wrong. But Buckley versus Valeo as it stands today is the law and, recognizing that, we are attempting to give the people of this country a chance, through the amendment process, to change that decision, that position of the Court.  If you look at Buckley versus Valeo, though, perhaps the best argument I found against it was contained within the very confines of the decision. It was the dissenting opinion of Justice White. I do not think anyone has to vouch for Justice White's fidelity to the first amendment and the values that it holds that are dear to us all. First of all, time has proven Justice White to be very perceptive, indeed prophetic. Because he wrote:       Without limits on total expenditures, campaign costs will      inevitably and endlessly escalate, pressure to raise funds      will constantly build, and with it the temptation to resort      to those sources of large sums, who, history shows, are      sufficiently confident of not being caught to risk flouting      contribution limits.  This is in 1976. Again, recall, since he wrote those words, campaign spending has tripled.  He also went on to add:       I have little doubt that limiting the total that can be      spent will ease the candidate's understandable obsession with      fundraising and so free him and his staff to communicate in      more places and ways unconnected with the fundraising      function. I regret that, by rejecting a limit, the Court has      returned them all to the treadmill.  I would argue there is no one here in this body who would suggest that that treadmill is not still there.  I have heard in the debate notions about how this would infringe on treasured values of the first amendment. But Justice White, in his opinion, pointed out that this is not a unique issue, that the limiting of the quantity of speech is done routinely.  As he said:       Compulsory bargaining and the right to strike, both      provided for or protected by Federal law, inevitably have      increased the labor costs of those who publish newspapers.      Federal and State taxation directly removes from company      coffers large amounts of money that might be spent on larger      and better newspapers. But it has not been suggested, nor      could it be successfully, that these laws, and many others,      are invalid because they siphon off or prevent the      accumulation of large sums that would otherwise be available      for communicative activities.  We do on a routine basis require newspapers, the great champions of the first amendment, the most vociferous defenders of the first amendment, to comply with laws that effectively limit the quantity of speech that they can put out. So this notion that what we are doing today trods on the sacred core of the first amendment, I do not think is right.  Indeed, I think we would be better off to have the Court reassess its opinion of Buckley and find that these limits are appropriate under the first amendment. But today, we are left with presenting to the American people the opportunity to make that judgment. I hope that, as I said, Buckley could be reviewed and indeed be recognized by the Court to be inappropriate based on the facts today. They have the authority to do that.  We have the authority to present to the American public this constitutional amendment. I urge that we do so.  I want to commend the sponsor, Senator Hollings, for his leadership, for his perception of the issue, and for his unflinching commitment to develop a campaign finance system that is fair to all.  One last point. I have also heard in this debate the notion that this Congress would impose irresponsible and reckless limits. In reality, any limits we impose we would all have to recognize and work within. They would be the same as applied to Republican candidates or Democratic candidates. They would limit the amount of money that right-wing, special-interest groups could put in or left-wing, special-interest groups could put in.  They would, in effect, return our elections to the democratic process that our citizens believe we should have, a process by which they can listen to the voices of the candidates, they can communicate their views, they can, in effect, not be drowned out by an avalanche of money and 30-second sound bites. In fact, an election can be a dialog about democracy and not about who raises how much money. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  Again, I commend the Senator for his great leadership.  