President, if I may briefly comment upon the amendment. First, I recognize certainly the strong commitment of the Senator from Delaware to environmental quality in the United States. Indeed, because of his commitment and the commitment of many of my colleagues, we have environmental laws which are significant, which provide for high quality in our country. But the problem is that our foreign competitors do not have anything close to these laws in many, many countries, particularly countries with which we are endeavoring to establish bilateral trade relationships.  I agree with the Senator that the purpose of the fast-track procedure is to conform our laws to the negotiated results that the President achieves with our trading partners. I also believe and concur with the Senator that there is no attempt to lower or diminish our environmental laws.  Simply stated, what my amendment would do is ask the President to go out and try to bring up, as best he can, foreign environmental laws to our laws. So, in effect, we would be asking him to go out and take what we have done in the United States and try to apply it to another country, not simply because of its decency, its correctness in an intellectual way, but because of its profound impact in the pattern of trade between our country and other countries of the world.  It is interesting in other areas of this underlying legislation, we are quite specific in directing the President to do just that: go out and bring up the laws of our potential trading partners to our level. For example, in the section with respect to trade in services, we quite specifically direct the President to ``develop internationally agreed rules, including dispute settlement procedures, which are consistent with the commercial policies of the United States.''  I would be very happy if we had language like this that would say bring it up to the environmental policies of the United States. That is the point that I am trying to make. I would be very happy if we changed not one environmental law of the United States pursuant to fast track, that we did not try to diminish or decrease any of our environmental laws, but we simply ask the President to try to bring up their standards somewhere near to our standards.  Not only would I be happy but, again, returning to the very strong, in my mind, analogy to my home State, I would be very happy if I could go back to my jewelry manufacturers--these are small companies; many of them have family connections over long, long periods of time where fathers and mothers have passed it on to sons and daughters--I would be very happy if I could tell them our fast-track agreement has resulted in increased environmental standards so that they are not exactly like the United States, but no longer will you have to provide pretreatment of your wastewater and then see competitors around the world simply dumping raw solvents into municipal wastewater systems. Not only would you have to provide ventilation for your workers, but other entrepreneurs will have to try to do the same thing.  If we do that, I don't think it is violative of the spirit or the letter of fast track, but it will produce a much more even, competitive playing field for our manufacturers versus our potential trading partners.  So I, again, urge that the Senate adopt this amendment that would move environmental quality to the center of negotiations as a principal negotiating objective, not because it is an altruistic noble goal alone, but because it impacts dramatically on the bottom line of American companies and foreign companies and, in that sense, should be part of our trading policy, should be a key goal which our President is seeking to achieve in any negotiations. I yield the floor.  