 I rise with a great deal of pride to speak to the confirmation of Pete Peterson as our Ambassador to the Republic of Vietnam.  Simply stated, Pete Peterson is a great man. He was a great man before he ever put on the uniform of the U.S. Air Force because he is a man of outstanding character and a deep devotion to his family and country. As my friend and colleague, the Senator from Nebraska, pointed out, he has that rare quality of dignity and purpose, not flamboyant, but quiet and determinative.  Pete is a remarkable person. One of the great privileges I had in my life was to serve with him in the House ofRepresentatives for 6 years. He brought all of this talent, this energy and this fierce patriotism to his work in every capacity. We all know the story. He was a young man, hailed from Nebraska, joined the U.S. Air Force, was in 1966 sent to Thailand, flew 66 missions in Vietnam and on his 67th mission he was shot down. He was captured. He spent 6\1/2\ grueling, arduous years in captivity in three different prison camps.  In all that time, not only did they not break his spirit but they could in no way touch that core of deep respect, regard for all people that he still maintains. He emerged from an experience, which would have seared and destroyed so many other people, unbroken, unbowed and without bitterness, a remarkable testimony to his character.  Pete could have returned in 1973 and said, I have done my duty as an Air Force officer, as a patriot. He returned, in fact, in 1973 to greet his wife, his beloved wife, who sadly passed away and will not see this triumph today but I am sure understands from where she is what a great day it is for Pete. He, in fact, saw for the first time a son he had never met.  Yet, despite all that, he still heard the call of his country, and he served with distinction the second district of Florida for 6 years.  There has been some controversy about this nomination, but it has not been about Pete Peterson because there is no one in this Chamber or in this country that I think ever doubted his capacity or commitment to serve as Ambassador to Vietnam. The controversy is about the issue of POW's and MIA's, which was articulated by the Senator from New Hampshire. Those are serious, important issues which cannot be neglected. Indeed, I believe Pete Peterson is the best person to address those issues.  He will go to Vietnam, a place where he has already spent one-tenth of his life, with the credibility of one who has served and with the vision of one who understands what went on there during the war and what we must do to bring our country and that country closer together. And he will not neglect the search for the unanswered questions of his comrades who are still missing and unaccounted for.  Pete has long been involved in this issue. He has, along with my distinguished colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, and the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire, been involved with the Vietnam working group. He has been involved with the U.S.-Russian joint commission on POW-MIA affairs. These gentlemen have committed themselves to search for the answers, and that type of commitment I know will resolve the question.  We have a great responsibility to develop a relationship, a mutually supportive relationship between the United States and the Republic of Vietnam. Pete Peterson can do that. He is not only a warrior but he is also a businessman. He understands that one of our challenges is to bring economic prosperity to both our countries, and he will be a leader in that regard also.  I believe the President has made the wisest choice possible with this nomination. We will vindicate and recognize that choice this evening, and we will send a strong message, a message of reconciliation and of progress, a message that wars will end and peace will be begun, and a message also that a life of service to your country, selfless service to your country, will be rewarded by further responsibilities commensurate with that service.  I, too, thank the majority leader and the Democratic leader, the Senator from New Hampshire, and particularly the Senator from Arizona for all his efforts to bring this nomination to the floor and, like Pete Peterson, also a heroic veteran of the war in Vietnam. As someone who served in the military for 12 years at that time but not in Vietnam, I recognize all of the tremendous contributions of the veterans of that war in this Chamber, in the other body and throughout our society. Pete Peterson will make us all proud but particularly those brave men and women who served in Vietnam.  I thank the Senator. I yield back the remainder of my time.  