I rise to support the second-degree amendment offered by the Senator from Michigan on my behalf and on behalf of Senator McCain.  I, too, compliment the Senator from Wisconsin for his amendment. One of the great frustrations in watching this policy evolve concerning Bosnia is that I fear we are wasting precious time in taking concrete steps so that we can effectively depart that country in June of 1998. The Senator's amendment has focused this debate and, I hope, gives further impetus to efforts by the administration to take these steps so that the withdrawal of our troops in June of 1998 will be a reality and not a situation where we are victims of a fait accompli and must stay longer.  Like my colleague from Michigan, I share the Senator's goal. I believe that we should withdraw our troops by June of 1998. As the Senator from Wisconsin said, there are no good times to leave. In a tumultuous situation like Bosnia, with ethnic rivalries, with violence, with a history of centuries of violence, there are no good times to leave, but we must leave because, as my colleague from Virginia has pointed out, we have already spent $7 billion, and after June 30, 1998, the cost does not go to zero. The costs continue to accumulate. These costs are not just in terms of appropriations for our military forces. They are also in terms of the stress and strain placed on our military forces. There is discussion about mission creep, but I think the first symptom emerging from Bosnia is mission exhaustion as our troops will be forced to be rotated back to that country from their positions in Germany and outside of Bosnia.  So for all of these reasons and more, I believe that we should have the requirement to return our troops to their home stations by June of 1998. I just believe that the Feingold amendment is the wrong approach to this situation. It would impose severe conditions on this announced departure date by cutting off funding for the deployment of any ground elements of the Armed Forces except guards at our diplomatic facilities and noncombatant advisers to NATO forces, and this arbitrary restriction could play havoc with our mission and with our troops' ability to carry out that mission.  As one consequence, if this provision would pass, it could immediately begin to demoralize our troops. Even though we have set as our objective our departure by June of 1998, passage of this bill cutting off funds would, I think, send a signal that we are not only requesting them to leave but in some respects abandoning them in their operations. I think that is the wrong signal.  I know, as the Senator from Wisconsin pointed out, that he, too, shares with me the esteem that we have for the performance of these remarkable soldiers in this operation.  Second, I believe that this amendment would weaken the resolve of our NATO colleagues to participate in this mission. I know it has been said on this floor this evening that the Europeanshave declared, if you go, we will go. But if we pass this amendment today, any possibility of constructive dialog and engagement to encourage them to stay beyond June will, I think, be totally lost, and that would be a severe gesture.  I believe we have to keep this active dialog alive with our European colleagues, and with this amendment tonight, the Feingold amendment, we could very well cut off such dialog. In addition, the Feingold amendment contemplates leaving in place a few Embassy guards and some advisers to NATO. First, if we do construct a follow-on force and if that force is not NATO, this legislation could technically preclude any assistance to a follow-on force, and in that respect I think we are doing ourselves a great disservice, hampering the flexibility of the administration to construct a follow-on force, a constructive military posture in Bosnia after June of 1998.  Furthermore, I believe there is a possibility that those forces left behind, Embassy guards or noncombatant advisers, would be placed in a very frustrating position.  We are going through a situation where we have significant combat power in-country, with robust rules of engagement, suddenly to a position where American troops are merely, in a way, passive bodyguards for our own military personnel. Their safety could be jeopardized. And, in addition, they would be in the frustrating position of perhaps standing by helplessly when civilians, which we previously protected, could fall victim to the ethnic rivalries which we know exist in that country.  I think also one of the detriments and deficiencies in the amendment is it obscures what I think should be the focus of the debate today. We all agree June of 1998 is the appropriate departure date. What we should be debating today on this floor is what steps we must take beginning today to ensure that we can safely and appropriately withdraw our troops by June of 1998. I believe there are several steps that must be taken.  Like my colleague from Michigan, I believe we should constitute a follow-on force, but a follow-on force that is not composed of American ground troops. As the Senator from Michigan pointed out, we have the capability through NATO, or through the European security defense identity which would use NATO assets, to provide this follow-on force.  Indeed, I think we have to remind Europeans of their brave words back in 1992 in Lisbon when the leaders of the European nations declared that assisting the people of former Yugoslavia in their quest for peace was a test of their ability to establish and maintain peace and security on the Continent of Europe. It is not inappropriate--in fact, I think it is most appropriate--that this situation be returned primarily to the European forces after the intervention of NATO successfully to suppress violence and give them a second chance, give them a second chance to maintain the peace and stability in that region.  As we all know, for many years it was a primarily European-led United Nations force, United Nations-protected force that operated within Bosnia. That force was inadequate, but I believe with the intervention of NATO, with the steps we have already taken, a European force could, in fact, and should, in fact, carry out this follow-on mission. I also believe that to augment the European force within the former Yugoslavia, we should, in fact, create a residual force in a nearby country or in the Adriatic, which could respond in a crisis to the legitimate requirements for assistance for this force.  In doing those two things, I believe we would, in fact, create a follow-on capability that would preserve the gains we have made in the former Yugoslavia. I believe it is also very important that our administration speak with a very clear voice and a single voice about our intention to depart in June of 1998. It is frustrating when the Secretary of Defense clearly states that deadline, but his words are sometimes confused by ambiguous statements from other leaders of our National Government. I believe we should have one voice, and that one voice should declare that we are leaving in June of 1998.  While we go about our military preparations to depart, we have to address the concerns of economic development, and we can do that in a way which favors those parties within the former Yugoslavia, within Bosnia, who are trying to assist in an evolution to a democratic, peaceful society. If we do these things--reconstitute a follow-on force, provide for a residual American force outside of the country that can assist the follow-on force, and begin to support the economic and political development of the people of Bosnia--then I believe that when June of 1998 arrives we can and will successfully remove our forces. But the challenge we face today is not to arbitrarily cut off and terminate funding at this juncture. The challenge we face is to use the intervening months that we have to fashion a policy which will allow us to leave peacefully from the former Yugoslavia, and leave it in a condition where there is hope that the gains we made will be sustained and will be permanent within that country.  As a result, I urge my colleagues to support the second-degree amendment and, in doing so, not only send a signal that we are serious about our departure, a signal that will be sent to the capitals of Europe and to the capitals of the former Yugoslavia that we will be serious about our departure date, but we will not be arbitrary and inflexible. And that, in the interim, we will build a structure of peace and security that will carry on the efforts that were so magnificently undertaken and continue today by our military forces in the former Yugoslavia.  I yield the remainder of my time.  