President.  I want to thank the Senator from New Jersey for yielding me time.  I want to commend Senator Kennedy and Senator Hatch for their leadership on this critical issue. I rise in support of their amendment.  Let us be very clear. What we are talking about today is providing health care for the children of the working families of this country. And despite the budget agreement's impressive commitment of resources to Medicaid, particularly for children's health care, it is not sufficient to cover all the children in this country. The Senator from Utah was very eloquent and accurate in describing the vast gap that is still left despite the resources being made available to Medicaid.  And why is it important that we provide health care for all of our children? Because every day we learn from medical science the critical--the critical--role of good health care in the development of children. Prenatal care, early infant care from zero to 3, and continuous health care for children are critical factors in providing for the intellectual and social development of children.  If children do not have that health care, if we do not allow these young people access to high quality health care, we are incurring a huge cost to society and a huge limitation on their potential and their ability to contribute to society.  Just last week, we celebrated the passage of the IDEA, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. Part of it was a further commitment of significant Federal resources for special education. I wonder how much we could save in that account if we had a fully funded comprehensive health care program for all the children in this country. I think it would be significant.  There is something else that is also very clear, and it is why this bill is so compelling in its logic. It is very clear that smoking is the No. 1 public health threat to this country.  One out of five deaths in this society are attributed to smoking. And, sadly, 3,000 teenagers a day are turning to that habit. This legislation, the proposed amendment, recognizes the need for good health care for all of our children, and the way to fund that health care is through an increase in the tax on cigarettes.  It is sound fiscal policy. It represents a pay-as-you-go strategy. Also, it represents a further deficit reduction because part of these funds will be applied to reducing the deficit. In effect, it is consistent with the very, very core of what we are about here today--providing access to good health care, sound policies for public health, and being fiscally responsible by reducing the deficit.  And there is something else worth pointing out today. Many of the opponents of this legislation will point to the dire consequences of increasing the tax on cigarettes to the tobacco industry and certain regions of the country. But let me share with you what the cigarette companies themselves are contemplating.  Weeks ago, when there was discussion of a possible settlement for some of the liability claims, most financial analysts conceded that the companies would routinely raise the price of cigarettes by 50 cents a pack, causing a slight decline in their number of customers--which some would consider a sound business decision. And I do not think there can be anyone on the floor of this body claiming an increase in the price of cigarettes by the companies as an unfortunate tax on low-income Americans. In effect, this tax is not only sound policy for funding this particular program, but also would not lead to the horrendous consequences which are being conjured up on this floor.  One of the opponents said that it is a regressive tax, because the richest smoker in America would pay the same as the poorest smoker in America. I can guarantee you, the richest smoker in America has a health insurance policy. I cannot make that same guarantee for the children of this country.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It is sound public health policy. It recognizes that we must make an investment in our children for our own productivity as a Nation and for their own ability to seize all the opportunities of this country. The amendment also is sound fiscal policy because the cigarette tax pays for the program and reduces the deficit. I do not think we can ask for more in this budget.  I yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I share the deep concern of my colleagues for the approximately 10 million children in our country who are currently lacking health insurance coverage. It is distressing that such a large number of our children lack access to primary and preventative care. I find it even more disconcerting that recent reports indicate that about 3 million of these children are Medicaid eligible, but are not enrolled in this program.  However, after spending a considerable amount of time reviewing the proposal by my colleagues, Senators Hatch and Kennedy, I sincerely believe that it is not the best solution.  There are several fundamental reasons why I can not support this proposal. First, I can not support a measure which would impose new unfunded mandates on the States and will place unfair burdens and excessive costs on our State governments. Second, I can not endorse a proposal which is creating another highly bureaucratic federal entitlement program.  Also while I do have some concerns about provisions contained in the balanced budget agreement and I am continuing to review this plan, I believe that if enacted, many portions are worthwhile and will be beneficial to the American people, particular in providing tax relief and imposing spending controls. However, I believe the Hatch-Kennedy proposal would jeopardize some of the most valuable parts of this piece.  The Republican leadership has worked hard to ensure that this agreement contains an appropriate amountof tax relief for America's working families. The Kennedy-Hatch proposal shatters this agreement by lowering the net tax cut in the budget agreement from $85 billion to $55 billion over the next 5 years.  This proposal also fails to recognize that the budget agreement provides $16 billion for expanding health care insurance for low-income insured children. These additional funds will allow us to provide grants to the States to finance health care services to approximately 5 million children who currently lack coverage. Thus, about 5 million of the approximately 10 million children who are currently lacking coverage will now have access to health care under the bipartisan balanced budget proposal.  Now, my colleagues may argue this still leaves approximately 5 million children without coverage. However, we must remember that about 3 million of these children already qualify for Medicaid services but are not enrolled in this program. Therefore, I believe that we should first focus our efforts toward a bipartisan solution for developing innovative outreach programs to reach these 3 million children and their families, educate them about the Medicaid program, and get these children access to health care. This is an achievable goal for the near-term which we all agree should and can be achieved in the near future.  I have written the General Accounting Office and requested that they conduct a thorough analysis of the 3 million Medicaid eligible children who are not enrolled in this program. This analysis should provide Congress with a thorough profile of who these kids are, where they are located geographically and what their family environment is like. This detailed study will enable Congress with the necessary tools to develop the appropriate community outreach strategies and national education programs which will address this problem and assist in getting these children enrolled in the program and finally having access to very important health care services.  Providing access to health care for uninsured children has been a priority for me since coming to the Senate. In fact, I offered legislation in the 103d Congress which attempted to address this problem and provide access to health care for many of our Nation's uninsured children. This issue still remains a high priority for me in the 105th Congress. Currently, I am developing legislation which will concentrate on developing new innovative, strategic outreach programs to educate qualifying families about the current Medicaid program. In addition, it will incorporate creative solutions for creating an environment which provides low and moderate income families with access to health care for their children.  I sincerely believe that we must continue to work together to develop a bipartisan solution to this problem and find a way to provide access to health care for our Nation's uninsured children. I look forward to working with my colleagues in developing an affordable and equitable solution to this problem. However, I simply can not support this extremely expensive plan, which unravels the tax cut agreement between the administration and Congress, and creates another highly bureaucratic Federal entitlement program.  