President, I rise in support of S. 1292, the Military Construction Appropriations Line Item Veto Disapproval bill.  I have long questioned the line-item veto in general terms. I am not convinced of its merit and I am particularly concerned with the manner in which it was applied to the Military Construction Appropriations bill for fiscal year 1998.  Like my colleagues I believe that wasteful spending must be cut. However, since the line item veto was exercised for the first time on the Military Construction Appropriations bill for fiscal year 1998, we have learned that even the White House now recognizes that its own data and process for identifying ``wasteful'' items to be subjected to the line item veto were seriously flawed. Indeed, OMB Director Franklin Raines wrote in the official Statement of Administration Policy, ``. . .we are committed to working with Congress to restore funding for those projects that were canceled as a result of the data provided by the Department of Defense that was out of date.'' Indeed, it is my understanding that the Administration is seeking ways to right these wrongs through other avenues. Moreover, I am perplexed by the theory that only the Administration knows what deserves to be in the budget. Instead, I believe there is plenty of wisdom here in Congress as well as the White House to establish budget priorities based on rational compromise and debate. Lastly, I would suggest to supporters of the line item veto that the real task of balancing the budget requires votes like the one I cast in 1993 for deficit reduction, not line item vetoes.  There are also some who believe the line item veto is an innocuous device that could never be used for purely political purposes. However, the people of Rhode Island know full well what giving the President the authority to pick and choose specific budget items means. Rhode Island has already experienced a Presidential effort to eliminate an essential program. In 1992, President Bush tried to rescind funding for the Seawolf submarine program which is vital to our nation's defense and the livelihood of thousands of working Rhode Islanders. Fortunately, Democrats were able to beat back the attempt to rescind funding for the Seawolf, but this experience led me to believe that a line item veto would make future battles even more of a lopsided battle than a fair fight. In addition, a President, of any political party, could use the line item veto to eliminate other programs that are important to Rhode Island without fear because a small state like mine only has four votes in Congress.  Mr. President, The line item veto is of untested constitutionality. Without a Constitutional amendment, the line item veto act transferred significant power from the Legislative Branch to the Executive. I would hope that the Supreme Court rules on the constitutionality of the line item veto in the near future so the Congress can act accordingly. In the interim, I believe the two principle tests on the use of the line item veto should be: One, is a particular line item veto politically motivated? Two, is a particular line item veto the outcome of a rational and coherent analysis based on sound policy?  