President, yesterday, while thousands of innocent men, women and children shopped in Mahane Yehuda market in Jerusalem, the peace of that sunny afternoon was shattered when two bombs filled with screws and nails detonated. Fifteen people were killed, close to 200 personswere injured. Later that day, the Israeli Cabinet voted to break off all contact with the Palestinian Authority, jeopardizing hopes that had soared just days ago when Israelis and Palestinians had agreed to resume peace talks for the first time since March.  I have always been a strong supporter of the peace process, and there is no doubt in anyone's mind that this is a complicated issue and peace will only be secured after prolonged negotiations and compromises on both sides. No one expects it to be easy.  However, the first step simply must be to end the violence. Terrorist acts such as yesterday's bombing simply cannot be tolerated. There is no reason, no excuse, no possible justification for killing innocent civilians shopping in a street market. It is an act of terrorism, nothing more, nothing less.  Peace cannot be secured until the citizens of the Middle East are certain that they are safe. They will not feel safe until they trust each other, and they will not trust each other until their actions match their words and deeds. Yasser Arafat said he condemns these terrorists. He said it is an act against the peace process. Yet, it is more than likely that a known terrorist group detonated those bombs in the market. These terrorist groups have never had to account for their violent deeds.  The Palestinian Authority must match its words of condemnation with acts. It must take tangible steps to increase security activity and security cooperation. It must be committed to bringing those who are responsible for this unconscionable act of terrorism to justice. Only when it is clear that these acts of terrorism will no longer be tolerated will they cease. Only when they cease can we take another step down that very long road to peace.  I extend my condolences to the families of those who were killed. It is my sincere hope it is the last time that the people of Israel and the people of Palestine will endure the suffering and fear that terrorist acts bring.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  