 I rise in strong support of the arts. Earlier this afternoon, we were able to fend off a frontal asault on the National Endowment by the Ashcroft amendment. Today we are debating two amendments that would also do great damage to the National Endowment for the Arts.  I come to this position with I think a very special standing because I have succeeded Senator Claiborne Pell, who was one of the architects of the National Endowment for the Arts. Senator Pell recognized that centuries from now this Nation would be recognized far more for its contribution to the human spirit than perhaps anything else. And through his efforts, the National Endowment was created and through the efforts of the National Endowment theater, ballet, and opera has spread throughout this country.  One of the fallacies I think that is found in the argument of my colleagues is that the States are quite capable of doing this, they are ready to do this. But the reality is that before the National Endowment for the Arts there was not much art throughout many parts of this country, that there were not as there is today opera companies throughout America and theater companies. In fact, if the National Endowment for the Arts is eliminated, if this is put into a block grant, I fear, and I think I fear with very, very good evidence, that what will happen is a shriveling of the arts in America.  Many of us have been in State government. We know that there is no monopoly on great wisdom or aesthetic sensibility at the State level, no more so than at the Federal level. We know that this money might be ill used. But we also know that it will be subject to a much more narrower and parochial focus. We have within the National Endowment a national vision, a national vision, though, that acts through local individuals, and that is what is critical also.  The National Endowment is not running a great national theater here in Washington exclusively. But what it is doing is reaching into every corner of America and giving people an opportunity to appreciate and participate in the arts. In my home State of Rhode Island, we have theater companies that are supported by the NEA. We have educational programs that allow young children to witness the arts. Indeed, the first time I ever saw a play was as a grammar school student in Cranston, RI, when I went to see the Trinity Repertory Company, supported by the National Endowment, by Federal support, put on ``Saint Joan'' by George Bernard Shaw. That was a moving experience. And that experience is replicated every day throughout this country because of the National Endowment.  In addition to contributing to the artistic quality of America, this agency has generated tremendous economic development and progress throughout the country. In my own State, its contribution to the arts has been multiplied in terms of the economic effect. Providence, particularly, has become a city that is proud of our arts, that has thriving companies that need the National Endowment, not just for aesthetic reasons but for good, solid economic reasons. And by eliminating the National Endowment, or by block granting its funds, we will, I think, dissipate that energy, that enthusiasm, and that achievement we have seen today.  The arts are not only a source of pleasure, but in many cases a source of great economic progress, particularly in my home State of Rhode Island. So, for many, many reasons, I believe that these amendments, while well intentioned, will undercut what is a strong national policy to support the arts.  