 I rise to express my support for the defense appropriations conference agreement, and I commend my colleagues, particularly Senator Stevens and Senator Inouye, for their great work on this measure.  I am particularly pleased that an important provision in the conference report is language which will allow Newport News and Electric Boat, this country's only two manufacturers of submarines, to team together to design and build the next generation of attack submarines. Without this language, these shipyards and our submarine program could be endangered. With this language, however, we will continue to build the Navy's most valuable weapon, a silent and very effective submarine. Work will commence on the new attack submarines, which will boast great stealth and great strength with advanced war-fighting capabilities, yet will be smaller, more flexible and more cost effective.  This teaming agreement will preserve America's vital submarine industry base, which encompasses over 3,000 high-technology companies in 44 States. This conference report brings us one step closer to ensuring that the United States continues to maintain the finest submarine force in the world.  Since the first day I arrived in Congress, there has been a strong debate over the future of the U.S. naval submarine program. There are those who believe that the era of the submarine ended with the end of the cold war. But a majority of my colleagues and I believe that our submarine fleet needs to be maintained and modernized and that it will serve us as well in the future as it has in the past.  In a time when the mission of our armed services is constantly changing and a threat could emerge anywhere in the world, we need such flexibility. I think it is fitting to note the comments of our respected Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. John Shalikashvili, on the eve of his retirement. General Shalikashvili said, ``Submarines are an integral part of U.S. global influence and presence. Their stealth and endurance provide the unified commander enormous capabilities across the full spectrum of conflict.''  I believe that the provisions in this defense appropriations agreement indicate that the submarine has proven itself. This legislation allocates scarce defense dollars to build up the submarine industrial base, to procure new torpedoes, to procure new submarine periscopes, and to assure excellent training programs for our submarine crews. This agreement will provide funding for the completion of the Seawolf program and for the first new attack submarine.  This report shows support for the submarine procurement program as well as a logical and cost-effective way to harness the expertise and skill of our Nation's submarine builders.  I would like particularly to again thank Chairman Stevens and Senator Inouye for their continued support, Senator Warner for his efforts on the committee, and all of those who have played a critical role in ensuring that our submarine fleet will continue to be the finest in the world, that our sailors will go forth with the best ships in the world and that with their service and these ships we will continue to protect America and defend our principles.  I thank the Senator for the time. I yield back the remainder of my time.  