Why does Japan run a $47 billion a year surplus with the United States? Because they exclude our goods. Why does China run a multibillion-dollar surplus with the United States? Because they exclude our goods; and because they manipulate their currency to reduce the wages, effectively, of their workers; because they are insensitive to environmental quality; because they claim, for cultural reasons, historical reasons, they don't have to abide by intellectual property rules or anything else.  Those are the real issues that we face concerning our ability to compete in the world economy. What does this legislation do about those things? Ignores workers' rights; ignores environmental quality; and to a great degree it ignores currency coordination as major negotiating objectives. In effect what we said is: Listen, we are going to give the President fast-track power to do everything except what is most important to be done. And that is our objection. No one is here on the floor saying that we can withdraw from the world trade economy or we should withdraw from the world trade economy. What we are saying is let's negotiate agreements that will benefit all the citizens of this country; that will benefit working men and women throughout this country; that will ensure that they have a fair opportunity to work and earn wages that are decent. And that is not going to happen under this agreement.  What we have to do, I believe--and I hope we can--is ensure that the negotiating objectives are changed; that we do provide the President with the directions, with the incentives, with the authority to go out there and talk seriously about all these issues. Frankly, there was some discussion before that our trading partners won't take us seriously. What they won't take seriously is any President of the United States talking about workers' rights, about environmental quality, and about a strong stable currency coordination in the world, if we pass this fast-track agreement. Because we basically told them we are not interested. What we are interested in here is promoting capital deployment from the United States into areas of the world that don't treat workers properly, that don't care about the environment, and may or may not manipulate their currency to maintain the advantage they have against the United States.  This is not an agreement that we should support. If we want fast track, let's get it right, let's do it right. This is not the right way to go.  