I join him in my opposition to this provision in the bill. I also have great respect and regard for Senator Kerrey, the primary sponsor of this provision. He has courageously identified many issues with respect to Medicare and has provided great insight, but in this particular situation I believe that to raise the eligible age for Medicare is going in exactly the wrong direction. It forgets why we created Medicare in the first place in the mid-1960s.  The overwhelming reality was that seniors at that age could not get health care. That is why the Government stepped in. Private insurance companies were unwilling to sell insurance to those people at any reasonable price. Many things have changed since the mid-1960s--the demographics of our population, the efficacy of a health care program, the longevity of our citizens--but one thing has not changed, and that is the unwillingness of private insurance to step in and provide affordable and accessible health insurance to seniors.  Today, 13 percent of the 21 million people aged 55 to 64 lack health insurance, and by adopting this provision we will simply add to that number because, now, from age 65 to 66, they will not have access to the Medicare system. Therefore, we have to, I think, maintain a situation where the Medicare system begins at age 65.  Indeed, I hope that we will endeavor to try to develop programs that would broaden the base of health care insurance for all Americans. It is quite disturbing to listen to the statistics cited by my colleague from Illinois, and to point out that many, many companies are now no longer insuring, as a matter of routine, their employees and, consequently, the percentage of insured Americans, particularly in the later years of their work life, is declining. We would add to that precipitous decline by adopting this particular amendment.  Indeed, also, we have to understand that the majority of Medicare beneficiaries between the ages of 65 and 67, who would be affected by this amendment, have incomes below $30,000. They certainly would not be in a position to pay a $10,000 a year private insurance premium, as is evident in some States, like Illinois. Often they are single, poor, unemployed. They would have no recourse. And this is not the way to fix the Medicare system--by denying health care insurance to people, by essentially pushing them out of the system of health care with the idea that we will somehow stabilize and increase the longevity of our health care system.  There is another aspect of this that should be studied much more deeply before we embark on such a change; that is, many employers have provided health care benefits to their employees until they reach the Medicare age of eligibility. As a result, if we were to push back the eligibility table, we would require corporations throughout this country to immediately recognize, because of accounting rules, an increase in their liability, a significant increase in their liability. This could force them to rethink their overall health care strategy to accelerate the decline of health care not only for seniors but for working Americans, as companies simply say, ``we can't afford to shoulder this burden any longer.'' As a result, we also, I think, have to recognize the significant impact this would have on the application of health care insurance throughout our society. As one employer wrote to me, ``The impact of this legislation will be to discourage companies from offering comprehensive retiree health benefits to their employees.''  I think we have to be very careful and thoughtful about how we reform Medicare. We all want to stabilize the system, to ensure solvency. We can do that without adopting this amendment. To move away from a guarantee of health care for seniors, beginning at 65, is a retreat that I don't think we should make and I don't think we have to make. Therefore, I join my colleague from Illinois in objecting to this provision of the bill before us today. I thank the Senator and yield back my time.  