Frankly, to move to an analogy which is a little more colloquial but perhaps just as compelling, if we were managing a professional baseball team and we lost every year for 10 or 15 years, I don't think we would be managing that baseball team.  That is essentially, if you charge us as managers of our international trade policy, we have lost every year for the last several decades. The trade policy has to be changed. Frankly, I don't believe anyone here is advocating that we could not use a good fast-track procedure. The argument is this is not a good fast-track procedure; that we are neglecting several of the most critical items when it comes to realistic competition between countries in the world today for international trade. We are totally neglecting the differential between our wage structure, particularly our manufacturing wage structure, and the wage structures overseas. We are neglecting it by simply saying that is not important to us, we don't care if workers in Third World countries are making 2 or 3 cents an hour or 20 cents an hour, when our workers are making $6 or $7 an hour or more. We don't care about that.  We should care about that because, frankly, that is one of the reasons why we have a huge trade deficit, particularly in manufactured goods. Because there are incentives now, huge incentives, to deploy capital from the United States into these countries so that they can set up manufacturing plants. And we have seen it consistently. We have seen it even deliberately, blatantly, in the sense of finding places where the labor laws are so lax that there are incentives for companies to move in.  In Malaysia it was an explicit condition of the movement of many American manufacturers into that country that Malaysia would not have, or enforce, strong labor laws. They would not give their workers the right to benefit from these new industries coming in and developing and selling successfully in the world economy.  Is that wrong? It's wrong for those workers, which is a concern. But what is more of a concern for me, it is wrong for our workers because how can we expect to be competing against workers with new, modern technology based on new capital investments, workers who are as well skilled as ours may be, in a world in which they are paid a fraction of what is the minimum wage here in the United States?  Then you can also look at the issue of environmental quality, which is so important. It is not important in just a touchy-feely sense; we want to make sure there are forests and the streams are filled with fish, et cetera. It is really a very practical sense.  When a group of multinational countries now can go into Mexico, set up new manufacturing plants and literally take all their effluent and just pour it into the local sewer--something they could never do in their home country, not in the United States, not in Europe--that is an advantage for them to go there. We have to recognize that. We can't be naive and sloganize here on the floor and say it's just free trade, and free trade. Free trade makes sense if there are the conditions for free trade: That there are, in fact, complementary monetary and fiscal policies in each country; that there is, in fact, respect for workers' rights and workers' ability to organize.  One of the assumptions underlying free trade is that when workers are displaced by imports in one sector of the economy, they move to a more efficient job in another sector of the economy. And we know that is not the case. It doesn't happen. Maybe it will happen in 50 or 100 years. But in the lives of Americans today, and their children's lives, that doesn't happen. We see dislocation. And we see dislocation that can be avoided, at least minimized, if we adopt strategies in this fast-track legislation that will direct the President to deal with these issues, to deal with them aggressively and to come back to us with an agreement that does talk about how we are going to raise the standard of living, through trade, of individuals in our trading partners' countries; of how we are going to deal with environmental issues in those countries; how are we going to make sure that currency valuations changes, manipulations, don't undercut all that we think we have gained at the bargaining table.  The classic example of course is Mexico. We went in and reduced significantly, we thought, the tariffs that theMexicans would charge us, the tariffs that we would charge them, thinking that now our goods would move back and forth freely. All of that was wiped out by a 40-percent reduction in the value of the peso; the purchasing power of Mexican citizens who might want our goods. And to not be concerned about that, to not elevate that issue of currency coordination to a major negotiating objective is absurd. It is particularly absurd within the last 2 weeks when all we have read about is the currency attacks in the Far East and Thailand, in all of these countries, leading to a shock wave on Wall Street.  