President, I rise as a cosponsor and strong supporter of Senator Moseley-Braun's school infrastructure amendment.  One of the major problems facing elementary and secondary education today is the poor condition of our school buildings. In my home state of Rhode Island, many schools are in need of extensive repairs and upgrades.  I have visited several of these schools, including the Harris Elementary School in Woonsocket which was built in 1876. To put this in perspective, in 1876 the nation celebrated the centennial of the United States; Rutherford B. Hayes was elected President by one vote; Custer confronted the Sioux at Little Big Horn; Alexander Graham Bell transmitted the first complete sentence by voice over wire; Henry Heinz put ketchup in a bottle; and Colorado became the 38th State.  Sadly, the Harris Elementary School's library is a small trailer parked in the school's playground. In addition, I have received compelling footage of the condition of the schools in North Providence, including the Stephen Olney School, which has asbestos in the floors and water damaged classrooms, and the Centredale School, which has leaking classroom ceilings.  These examples and numerous others across my State and the Nation show the urgent and real need for a school construction initiative. A problem of this magnitude demands a Federal response.  Indeed, a recent General Accounting Office (GAO) report found that in Rhode Island 29 percent of schools report at least one inadequate building of any type; 61 percent have at least one inadequate building feature; 75 percent have at least one unsatisfactory environmental factor, such as heating and ventilation; and 37 percent have insufficient capability for computers.  Nationally, the statistics are equally compelling. Fourteen million children, in one-third of the Nation's schools, are learning in buildings that need major renovations or should be replaced outright. Seven million students attend schools with safety code violations, such as the presence of lead paint, asbestos, or radon in the walls, floors, or ceilings. One-third of students study in classrooms without electrical wiring and power outlets to accommodate computers and multimedia equipment.  We should not pass up this opportunity to repair our Nation's schools.  While the budget resolution before us does include some increases in education funding and provides protection for important education initiatives, the agreement's caps on discretionary funding do not guarantee room for the school construction initiative. The same may also be the case for school reform and efforts to improve the recruitment, education, and mentoring of teachers, for which the National Commission on Teaching and America's Future report, What Matters Most: Teaching for America's Future, suggests almost $5 billion is needed.  I urge my colleagues to support the Moseley-Braun amendment, which seeks to make $5 billion available for school repair, renovation, and construction. Indeed, this must be a top priority as we work to provide students a quality education and prepare them for the future.  Thank you, Mr. President.  