President. I thank the Senator from Vermont and my friend and colleague from Nebraska for their leadership on this very important issue.  Mr. President, I am here to support, as an original cosponsor, the Leahy-Hagel landmine legislation, which would ban deployment of landmines after January 1 of the year 2000. The fact that this legislation has already acquired 56 cosponsors in the Senate is testimony to the compelling force of their logic and their argument. We should, in fact, ban landmines across the world, and we should begin with this legislation.  Antipersonnel landmines have always been one of the greatest dangers facing our troops--one of the most horrific weapons on the battlefield. Indeed, the only United States casualty we have sustained in operations in Bosnia was an individual who was killed by a landmine.  These landmines are scattered across the world. One hundred ten million active landmines are hidden in as many as 64 countries. And while 100,000 landmines a year are identified, deactivated and removed, another 2 million to 5 million are planted. These landmines claim about 2,000 victims a month. These are civilians. These are children. These are women. These are individuals who are not combatants but are simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.  In the military, there is a quite strict regime for using landmines: Mapping them out, putting them in place, having the records so that, at the conclusion of hostilities, they can be identified, deactivated, and removed. But what has happened is that these landmines are now being used by renegade bands, by militias, by paramilitary units, and they are literally being scattered about those countries indiscriminately.  I was in the former Yugoslavia and Bosnia a few months ago visiting our troops and visiting Russians who are participating with us. Literally within a few yards of the camp of these Russian soldiers is an area into which they cannot enter because it is strewn with landmines. They are unidentified, unable to be removed. This is just one example of the dangers that lurk because of the proliferation of landmines throughout this world.  I hope that we will move aggressively to pass this legislation. It will be a testament, I think, to those individuals who are sponsoring it. But also it will help highlight other initiatives that need to be on the table. For example, in October 1996, Canada announced the goal of completing a treaty totally banning the use, production, and stockpiling of landmines by the year 2000. In addition to that effort, two months later the United Nations General Assembly, at the urging of the United States, passed a resolution by a unanimous vote, to vigorously pursue a treaty banning the use, stockpiling, production and transfer of antipersonnel landmines. These treaty negotiations will receive, I think, tremendous impetus from the actions we take on this floor.  I hope this bill will be passed quickly into law. I hope we can essentially begin here today to outlaw the use of landmines for the protection, not only of our own forces, but for the hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians throughout the world who are, each day, subject to the dangers of landmines. This will make the world safer. It will not harm our military security. And it will give us, I think, a goal and the momentum to move forward toward a more comprehensive landmine ban.  Again I compliment and commend my colleagues, Senator Leahy and Senator Hagel, for their efforts and for their leadership on this important measure.  