Thank you, Mr. President.  Mr. President, we debated this morning the Reed amendment, which would give the Food and Drug Administration the authority to look behind the labeled use in evaluating a class 1 or class 2 medical device before that device would be sold on the marketplace. My amendment is very simple. It would allow the FDA, if they felt the label was misleading or false, to ask for additional information with respect to possible uses other than the labeled use. This is consistent with their current practice. And it would protect the public health dramatically.  I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment.  I heard opposition on the floor this morning to the amendment--first, not so much opposition but an attempt to diminish the importance of this amendment by saying, ``Well, class 1 and 2 devices are just simple little medical devices. They are low-risk medical devices.'' I don't know about you. But, like many Americans, I think the definition of a low-risk medical device is a device that is being put into someone else's body, not my own. Because, if there is any type of device that is coming into a person's body, they expect and anticipate that the FDA would thoroughly review it, ask all the questions, and look at all the possible uses that are reasonably discernible from the device itself.  The other objection which has been made to the amendment is that it is unnecessary because the FDA can step in and ask for this type of information. But, in fact, that is not the case.  As some have explained here today, there is a two-prong test to get 501(k) approval under current. First, the device must be substantially equivalent to another device already on the market, and this device performs essentially the same task that the other device does. If there are technological differences in the device, then the FDA can make an evaluation of this technology to determine its effectiveness.  But all of these different tests collapse into one point. The question is, what is the device being used for?  That is where the current language in the bill is so restrictive of FDA responsibility and the obligation we expect them to discharge. Because, according to the language in the bill, the FDA and the Secretary of HHS reviewing any of these proposals could only do so with respect to the intended use of the device based on the intended use included in the proposed labeling of the device.  You have to evaluate these devices for safety and health, and efficacy based upon some use. And if the FDA is restricted solely to the use indicated on the label, then they will not be able to look behind the label to other possible uses--look beyond the label to other possible ways--in which the device could be used and ask for supporting data to justify those uses.  We have seen and heard examples today on the floor with respect to biopsy needles, with respect to lasers, with respect to a host of very important medical devices. The American public I hope would demand that these devices be evaluated thoroughly for all reasonable uses--not only the use that a manufacturer would suggest as a way to take advantage of this expedited procedure for review and entry into the marketplace.  One does not have to repute ill will or bad motives to the manufacturers of these devices. Simply stated, they have a tremendous incentive to get these items into the marketplace. Once they are in the marketplace, there are different uses that could be promoted.  Also, in terms of marketing, there are scores of salesmen and women who are zealous in trying to promote these goods. They might not be as scrupulous with respect to these uses as intended by the manufacturer.  All of these factored together suggest strongly that if we do not initially have a good approval process which allows the Food and Drug Administration to look behind the label, to look at likely uses other than the ones presented by the company, we could run the risk of introducing medical devices into the marketplace that would be harmful to the American public.  We have made great progress on this legislation. We have done so because we all feel sincerely that our chief responsibility is to protect the public health. My amendment would do so.  My amendment would give the FDA the authority to request additional safety information in the rare circumstances in which they have suspicions that the labeled use is either false or misleading. The FDA could look behind that label and require additional data before they would release a device onto the marketplace.  I hope that we all support this concept. I hope we can all rally around the principle that when in doubt, and when confused about the different interpretations of various sections, that we will ultimately allow the FDA to use its judgment and its discretion to protect the public health of the American people.  I yield our time.  