President, today we are debating very important legislation, important for the country in the reformation and reauthorization programs at the Food and Drug Administration. Particularly important in this legislation is the prescription drug user fee program, which has proven to be a remarkable achievement that has speeded the approval of drugs, getting these necessary medicines to the American public.  S. 830 includes a number of provisions that will include and streamline the regulation of prescription drugs, biological products and medical devices, and we have made great progress over the last several weeks and months in reaching this position today. This bill is a result of ongoing renegotiations, both prior to and subsequent to the markup of the legislation. Through this process, a number of provisions that could have threatened the public health and safety have been dropped or otherwise reformed in such a way that we have made, as I said, remarkable and very effective progress.  However, this legislation still contains provisions which could jeopardize the public health. I rise today to address one of these areas and that is the elimination of an important consumer protection against unsafe or ineffective medical devices. The bill, as it is proposed today, as we deal with it today, would limit the FDA's authority to ask device manufacturers for safety data. It prohibits the FDA from considering how a new device could be used, if the manufacturer has not included that use in the proposed labeling.  As a general matter, the FDA does not typically consider uses that the manufacturer has not included in its proposed labeling. However, there are instances where the label does not tell the whole story. In these instances, when the label may be false or misleading--it is in these instances that my amendment would give the FDA the authority to look behind the label. In fact, this is such a critical issue that the administration has made it clear that this provision could put the whole bill at risk, including, I might add, the reauthorization of the PDUFA, the prescription drug user fee amendment, because they have threatened, if this provision does survive, to veto the legislation. And that would, I think, derail a great deal of very positive work that we have done today.  A great deal of discussion has taken place on the medical device provisions of this bill. I certainly want to compliment Senator Jeffords and Senator Kennedy and all my other colleagues on the committee for resolving most of these issues and doing so in a very reasonable, very thoughtful, and very responsible manner. However, the provision regarding device labeling still raises substantial concerns, as I have alluded to, and it could be corrected very simply by my amendment without, I believe, undermining the attempt of this bill which is to provide for a streamlined, effective process so that new medical devices, new pharmaceuticals can reach the market and be used by the American public for their health and well-being.  Let me preface discussion of my amendment by briefly describing the process of how the FDA regulates and clears medical devices for market. Under current law, manufacturers of new class I and class II devices can get their products onto the market quickly by showing that they are substantially equivalent to devices already on the market. For example, the manufacturer of a new laser can get that laser onto the market if it can show the FDA that the laser is, again, ``substantially equivalent'' to a laser that is already on the market. Similarly, the manufacturer of a new biopsy needle can get the biopsy needle onto the market by showing it is substantially equivalent to a biopsy needle already on the market. And the manufacturer of new patient examination gloves can get the same expedited market clearance by claiming substantial equivalency.  Under current law, manufacturers are required to demonstrate this substantial equivalency to the FDA by showing that the new product has the same intended use as the already-marketed product; and that the new product has the same technological characteristics of that already-existing product in the marketplace. If the new product has certain different technological characteristics, these characteristics must not raise new types of safety and effectiveness questions in order for the product to still be substantially equivalent to the older product. The logic of this process for moving medical devices onto the market is quite simple. If a product is very much like an existing product, it can go to market quicker. But if it raises new safety or effectiveness questions, those questions should be thoroughly answered before the product is made available to the public.  The process for getting new medical devices on the market is commonly known as the section 510(k) process or the 510(k) process. It's considered to be the easiest route for FDA approval. In fact, 95 percent of all medical devices that come onto the market come through this 510(k) process. In a sense, because of this, because of this ease, this is the process that is most used by manufacturers. There is, in many cases, an incentive to bring your new product through this 510(k) procedure. It has the lowest thresholds for approval, if you will, and this incentive requires, essentially, the manufacturers at times to look about in the marketplace and say this is going to do just what this item does currently, even though the new technology or the new innovation or new design might be adaptable to other purposes. But there is, I believe, a regulatory incentive to try to speed things through the FDA by saying: No, no, this is substantially equivalent, that's all we are going to do, this is it. As a result, I think the FDA has to seriously look at, not just the labeled use, but in certain circumstances--not common circumstances but in certain circumstances--look behind the label.  The bill as it is currently proposed would compromise the FDA's existing ability to do that and this change could raise substantial risks to the public health. My amendment addresses this bill that would prohibit the FDA from considering how a device would be used if the manufacturer has not included the use in its proposed label. My amendment would add 9 simple words to the bill. Let me first show you the existing language that is under discussion, and that is:       The determination of the Secretary under this subsection      and section 513(F)(1) with respect to the intended use of a      device shall be based on the intended use included in the      proposed labeling of the device submitted in a report under      section 510(k).  Essentially, what this says is if a manufacturer says, ``This is what we are going to do,'' on a label, this is all we can consider in our application process, even if the FDA considers the possibility of other uses or even, some would argue--even if the FDA felt that the label was misleading or, indeed, false.  My language would be added at the very end, and it would simply say, ``if the proposed labeling is neither false nor misleading.'' In a sense, it would give the FDA the opportunity to look at a proposed use on a proposed label and say, ``This is consistent with the device, consistent with use, let's get this onto the market through the 510(k) process expeditiously.'' But if they thought there was another possible use, another likely use, or that the intended use was really perhaps a subterfuge for other uses, they could challenge the application at that juncture.  I believe this is something that the FDA should have the authority to do. In fact, I would assume the American public believes that the FDA has this authority, that they can look very closely, very carefully; that they don't have to take as the final authority the characterization of the device by the manufacturer. And they can, by simply examining the device, using their experience, conclude that there might be other uses which should be evaluated before this device gets on the market.  As I indicated, my amendment would allow them to effectively look behind the label, look behind the characterization that was proposed by the company.  It is also important to note that this is not a particularly novel or startling approach to legislation. Because if you turn to the other major approval process, that is for a class II product, a new product that has to do extensive premarket review, in this case they do have the explicit authority, under present law, to look beyond the label. Because even if the manufacturer indicates one use on the label, they do not have to accept that use if they determine that it is false or misleading. So this is not a novel concept. In fact, I think it represents what should be the normal practice for the FDA, to be able to look behind the label.  My amendment would give the Food and Drug Administration this authority. It would give them the authority, and does so for new information, additional information, additional data. This is not an attempt to frustrate progress, to slow up the process, to impede the rapid deployment of new technologies into the marketplace. This is, I hope, an attempt to protect the public health and safety, protect the consumers of these devices; and, hopefully, to delineate the authority of the FDA which typically they would use only in rare circumstances so we don't have a battle at the FDA about whether this device is technologically different. So I hope, by using this approach, this language, we could conform the 510(k) process in this respect to the existing process and we could move forward with good, sound public policy regarding the Food and Drug Administration and medical devices.  Let me give just a few examples, because this is not just a legal, academic issue. This is a very real issue. There has been one example that has been discussed on the floor by my colleagues and that is the use of biopsy needles. Biopsy needles are approved for one use, principally. That is, as the name implies, to take a biopsy to remove tissue from a breast lesion, for example. Typically, these needles will remove a very small bit of tissue, about the size of the tip of a pencil. But a manufacturer could present a device that could remove 50 times that--not a typical pencil, but the width of a hot dog. And that would obviously raise questions about how this new device is going to be used.  But under the language in the legislation, there is a very strong argument that the FDA could not look to possible other uses because the manufacturer said simply, ``We're going to use this for the traditional biopsy of tissue, a small biopsy of tissue. That's all. We're not going to use it or suggest it be used for the removal of tumors, the removal of tissue, just the biopsy.'' Then they would be essentially prevented from looking at this other use which may in fact be the actual use of the device in the marketplace.  So we have to be very careful about that. The FDA should be able in this case to say, ``Well, this could be used for something beyond a simple biopsy. If that's the case, show us some data about its success rate, show us some data about the effects if it's used in this way and not the precise label use.''  This is something that I believe we should have. There are proponents of the existing language which say that the FDA can get at that simply by saying this is a new technology, it is not equivalent to the old one. But the manufacturer could argue that there are no questions of safety or effectiveness even if it was a new technology. Essentially this new language designed to streamline the process could lead us right back to the contentious issues about whether or not this new technology endangers health and safety. It could lead us back, I think, in a way in which the FDA has the weaker hand in the argument.  I believe that the American public would like to see the FDA with the authority and the ability to ensure that these devices are thoroughly reviewed before they get to the marketplace.  As we go forth, there are other examples. In fact, my colleague from Massachusetts, I think, will talk specifically about one example of a biopsy needle which went on the market. Before this device went on the market, it was tested only on two cows and, I am told, 13 roast beef. Now we hear that the device marketed as a biopsy needle has in practice been used for other surgical procedures. Now, this is an example ofhow something, even if it was not deliberately designed by the manufacturer, can be changed in its use in practice. And, again, I think the FDA should be able to anticipate those rare circumstances where it might happen and take effective action to protect the public health.  There are other examples. Another good example is a surgical laser. Lasers have been used for decades for the removal of tissue. Several years ago a manufacturer added a side-firing mechanism to their laser to improve its use for prostate cancer. While the manufacturer did put that specific use in the proposed label, it was very, very clear that this new side-firing design was intended solely for this purpose of treating prostate patients. As a result the FDA, using its current authority, its ability to look beyond the actual labeling use, was able to require the manufacturer to submit data demonstrating the laser's safety and effectiveness in treating prostate patients.  This is precisely how the approval process should work. In rare circumstances, when the device obviously looks different than the label use, the FDA should be able to say, this could be used in ways that you are not labeling. We have to look at all the likely, obvious ways beyond the label. Let us do that. Let us get beyond the label. Under the present language, without the Reed-Kennedy-Bingaman amendment, the FDA would have a difficult time looking behind the label, looking at actual uses and requiring the data and the analysis which should be done beforehand, before the goods get on the market.  I do not think you have to do this simply because there are people out there who would have a maligned motive. This is a situation where, if we create through our legal structures opportunities to get products quicker to the marketplace, then companies, with their expert legal counsel, will exploit those ways. It is our responsibility to ensure that we have a process that protects the public health.  Whatever process we develop here today will be used by the companies in a way which, if we were executives of companies, we would use in the same way. But we have to take into consideration not the benefits or the position of the manufacturer, but the position, I think, of the general public that would use the devices.  So, I believe we have to have standards that are sufficient to give the Food and Drug Administration the authority they need to do the job. I believe that my amendment does this. I believe we have to have these procedures in place before a device gets into the marketplace. There are those who would argue that the FDA has the power to recall an item, has the power to intervene, but then of course it is too late because obviously the public has already suffered in some way.  Indeed, it is not as easy as it may appear for the FDA to step into the marketplace and get goods off or an item off the market that has already been approved. So I think the idea that this can be corrected after the fact is not sufficient weight to preclude us from taking effective steps before a device gets in the marketplace.  What I would like to do in my amendment is simply give the FDA the authority to look at a proposed use, a labeled use, make a determination that this device and this label is consistent and get it through the 510(k) process quicker. But in those rare circumstances where the device itself and the label do not appear to be consistent, coherent, where there is the possibility of a false label or a misleading label, or the possibility that the company may indeed in most cases in very good faith be insisting this is how they want to market it, this is how they propose it be used, but the medical profession itself would adapt this very quickly for other uses, in those circumstances I believe the FDA should have the authority.  I hope that my colleagues will recognize this, will support this amendment, support giving what the FDA has today: the authority to look behind the label and to require that companies provide data for the likely uses of the product they intend to market.  Before concluding, I ask, Mr. President, unanimous consent that Senator Durbin be added as a cosponsor to this amendment.  