President, I am pleased to support the ``Haffenreffer Museum Restoration Act of 1997'', legislation that Senator Chafee and I introduced to assist in the relocation and expansion of Rhode Island's Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology.  Currently situated in Bristol, R.I., the Haffenreffer Museum is home to one of our Nation's finest collections of Native American and other cultural artifacts from around the world. Each year, thousands of visitors enjoy the Haffenreffer's exhibits and benefit from its commitment to education, which is a tribute to the museum's close ties to the Brown University Department of Anthropology. Recognizing this effective combination, the American Association of Museums has described the Haffenreffer as a ``superb medium-small facility with outstanding collections, excellent exhibits, and a superb program of public education and outreach.''  In an effort to increase access to the Haffenreffer's resources, Brown University has begun preparations to relocate the museum to Providence, R.I. Toward this end, the university has acquired two structures on the National Register of Historic Places, the Old Stone Bank Building and the Benoni-Cooke House, to house the Haffenreffer in downtown Providence.  This move would preserve these historically significant buildings, while contributing to the resurgence of Providence by adding a nationally renowned museum to its growing arts and entertainment district. The new site would also allow the Haffenreffer to display more of its collection for visitors, whom the museum estimates would increase fivefold after the relocation. This development would particularly serve children, who currently make up more than half of the museum's visitors and for whom the downtown location would be more accessible.  Brown University is raising funds to restore and expand the Old Stone Bank Building and the Benoni-Cooke House, and to complete the relocation of the Haffenreffer's collection to Providence by the year 2000. The bill before the Senate today authorizes Federal cooperation in advancing these goals, increasing knowledge of Native American history, preserving architectural treasures, and promoting the revitalization of our Nation's downtown areas. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and the work needed to bring the Haffenreffer to Rhode Island's capital city.  