President, I rise to express my concerns with the tax bill passed by the Finance Committee, and to express my support for the Democratic alternative. I believe the Finance Committee bill is seriously flawed, and will put us on a path to exploding deficits, rising inflation, and future economic hardship. In a time when we are asking our seniors to absorb $115 billion in Medicare cuts, I think it is irresponsible to enact the large, across-the-board tax cuts that are contemplated in this legislation--tax cuts that will add to the pain of balancing the budget by the year 2002.  Of particular concern is the fact that these tax cuts will disproportionately benefit the wealthiest Americans who have already benefited from the unprecedented performance of our economy and stock market over the last several years. Specifically, 42.8 percent of the tax cuts will go to the top 10 percent of income earners, those who earn more than $120,000. Meanwhile, only 2.7 percent of the benefits will go to the bottom 40 percent of hard-working Americans. To continue this gravy train for the well-to-do, while ignoring the economic anxieties faced by middle and lower income Americans, is unfair. Nevertheless, the Finance Committee tax bill is loaded with breaks for the wealthiest Americans, leaving the average taxpayer holding the bag.  Perhaps most illustrative of this point are three of the plan's largest tax cuts--the capital gains, individual retirement accounts [IRA's], and estate tax provisions. The Joint Tax Committee has estimated that three-quarters of Americans receiving capital gains income have household incomes over $100,000. Similarly, only 1.6 percent of estates are valued high enough to qualify for estate taxes. Finally, increases in the IRA income limitations will benefit only the top 30 percent of taxpayers. As laudable as some of these items are, their combination, without targeting, skews this bill to favor the affluent over middle-income Americans.  Beyond favoring the wealthy, the cost of these tax cuts will ultimately threaten the progress we have made on reducing the deficit, which is at its lowest point as a percentage of gross domestic product [GDP] since 1974. This is because the costs of the tax cuts, which are relatively low in the early years, will explode in later years outside of the budget window. For example, from 1997 to 2002, the combined revenue loss of the capital gains, estate tax, and IRA provisions is $4.3 billion. However, the revenue loss from these provisions rises dramatically between 2003 and 2007 to $68.7 billion. In 2007, the combined costs of the capital gains, IRA, and estate tax provisions grow to$18.2 billion. This is 25 times the average annual cost of these provisions of $720 million, as indicated in the Joint Tax Committee distribution tables for 1997 through 2002 for the Republican tax bill.  In addition, cuts in the capital gains tax rate will likely generate a flurry of unproductive economic activity that may produce an unwelcome side effect--inflation. Because there are no requirements for reinvestment, a significant share of the capital gains realized will likely be consumed. This increased consumption will put upward pressure on prices and fuel the fires of inflation that we have fought so hard to extinguish.  I am supportive of the Democratic alternative because it contains targeted capital gains tax cuts aimed at productive, long-term investment and savings in areas that will best-serve our economy. For example, the bill provides a capital gains reduction for owners of small and startup businesses, which represent the most dynamic sector of the American economy. In addition, the Democratic alternative eliminates IRA provisions in the Finance Committee bill that will lead to dramatic cost increases over time. Moreover, the Democratic bill provides estate tax relief in a manner that will benefit true family-owned businesses and farms that continue to be operated by family members.  The child tax credit is yet another example of the distributional unfairness of the Finance Committee legislation. Because the credit is nonrefundable, many middle- and low-income Americans will be unable to take advantage of the child tax credits. It has been estimated that nationwide, 47 percent of all dependent children will be completely ineligible for the $500 tax credit because their incomes are too low. In my State of Rhode Island, almost 141,000 children, or 46 percent of the dependent children in the State will be ineligible for the credit according to Citizens for Tax Justice.  The fact that almost half of this Nation's children will be denied the tax credit is of great concern, and further reinforces my support for the Democratic tax alternative, which goes a long way toward solving this problem. The Democratic alternative improves the overall distribution of the tax cut by making the child credit refundable against federal payroll taxes. This is significant because most of the families that would otherwise be ineligible for the credit pay far more in payroll taxes than they do in income taxes. The Democratic alternative would also establish an income limitation on the tax credit to target the benefits to low- and middle-income families that truly need the assistance.  Mr. President, in these times of economic prosperity, we can afford to, and indeed we have an obligation to invest in priorities such as education that will have a positive impact on America's future. That is why I have been a strong supporter of the HOPE scholarship tax credit proposed by the President. While I applaud the committee for including education tax credits in their bill, I am concerned about reductions the committee has made in the size of the credit, which will limit its usefulness to many students. For this reason, I believe we should look to the Democratic alternative which allows for the full HOPE credit to be used by students for the first $1,000 in tuition expenses. Additionally, the Democratic alternative establishes a 20 percent tuition deduction that can be used after a student ceases to be eligible for the HOPE credit. Together, these tax credits provide the type of meaningful assistance that many middle-class students will need in order to meet the financial demands of postsecondary education.  Also, the Democratic alternative addresses the problem of crumbling schools that threatens our education system at the most fundamental level--elementary and secondary grades. It has been reported that in order to repair the costs of this country's aging schools, we will have to spend at least $4.8 billion. The Democratic alternative takes a step toward addressing this problem by establishing a program to allocate tax credits among the states for the purpose of repairing and constructing school facilities. We cannot hope to improve access and opportunity to higher education, without first ensuring that our elementary and secondary schools provide a physical environment that is conducive to learning.  Although hailed as the biggest tax cut since the Reagan era, the Finance Committee bill is perhaps a prelude to the biggest tax increase in our history. This is because the bill is loaded with gimmicks that reduce its costs in the early years, and will result in an exponential rise in costs beyond the 5 year budget window. Assuming that we reach a balanced budget by 2002, this bill will make it virtually impossible to keep our budget in balance, without raising taxes. In addition, the bill assumes that the U.S. economy will remain strong in the future--an assumption that flies in the face of the business cycle. An economic downturn would dramatically increase the costs and eliminate the hope of a balanced budget.  The Finance Committee bill will also help those Americans who are least in need of help. The capital gains tax cuts, estate tax cuts, and many of the changes to IRA's will benefit those Americans who have shared most in the economic growth of recent years. I question how we can afford to offer these tax cuts, while asking seniors to pay more for Medicare.  Mr. President, as we debate this bill, I ask my colleagues to consider the Democratic tax alternative. This amendment will provide for a fair distribution of the tax cuts and benefit a greater number of Americans. The amendment will eliminate the fiscal time bombs in the Finance Committee bill that will explode after 2002 and threaten our progress toward a balanced budget. Finally, the amendment rightly focuses on the targeted investments necessary to keep our country moving forward into the 21st century.  