President, my amendment would, within the context of fast track, direct the President to undertake as a principal negotiating objective to promote the adherence of internationally recognized environmental standards.  Essentially, what we have to do to improve the legislation before the Senate is to recognize that environmental quality is an important issue. It is an important issue for us, all of us who breathe the air, swim the waters, eat the bounty of our land, but it is also a very important issue in terms of economic competition because in many respects what we are seeing in countries that are trading with us is a conscious and at times very committed and deliberate attempt to use environmental quality and the lack of environmental quality to gain advantage over American workers.  The underlying legislation circumscribes the ability of the President to deal effectively and forcefully with the issues in environmental quality within our potential trading partners. That, I think, is essential. Indeed, the experience of NAFTA should convince us very persuasively that we have to deal with the environment in order to set up a reasonable, fair, balanced trading regime between one country and another. The experience of NAFTA has shown us that there are trading partners who are using the environment, environmental laws, preferential environmental treatment of their companies, to attract and to lure American businesses to their country.  For example, the Canadian Province of Alberta, which was one of the only two Canadian Provinces to sign the side agreement with respect to the environment in NAFTA, adopted legislation in May 1996, prohibiting citizens from suing environmental officials to enforce environmental laws. In effect, limiting the authority, the enforcement capability of their own environmental laws. As a result, Alberta has since been advertising its lax regulatory climate as ``the Alberta advantage.'' Now, that might be an advantage for Alberta but it is definitely a detriment to the men and women of America who have to follow environmental laws which we pass in this body.  In October 1995, Mexico indicated that they would no longer require environmental impact assessment for investments in highly polluting sectors such as petrochemicals, refining, fertilizer, steel. Now, we all recognize and realize that any company in the United States that was investing or proposing to invest in one of these facilities would have to go through a very rigorous environmental impact assessment process. So when you have a multinational company making a decision of whether to go and respect and follow the law of the United States or go to a country that has announced they don't do environmental assessments, I think it is very difficult to see why some of these countries stay in the United States.  At the heart of our fast-track efforts should be a strong commitment to the environment, not just because it is the right thing to do but because it is the most consistent way that we can make our companies as competitive as we can with companies around the world.  There is another example in Mexico. After NAFTA, a series of multinational companies built a technology center in Ciudad Industrial. Now, these are state-of-the-art factories, state-of-the-art facilities, but what they are doing is taking all their waste and dumping it right into the sewers without any treatment or hardly any treatment at all, something we could not do in the United States, something you couldn't do in Europe, but something that is done every day there. Again, an advantage to these companies in terms of costs they must pay for environmental quality and inducements for companies like that to leave countries like the United States and other countries that have high environmental quality standards and go overseas to these particular areas.  We have to take strong, purposeful steps to ensure that environmental quality is at the heart of our trade policy. Again, it is not just altruism or idealism. It is cold, hard, economic facts that we have to recognize. You don't have to go very far to find examples of how multinational companies are taking advantage of lax enforcement around the world in environmental quality. In today's New York Times on the front page there was a story about the Nike corporation. In January of this year, Ernst & Young, the auditing company, prepared a report to Nike about one of the factories in Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam. It found that the workers there were exposed to carcinogens that exceeded local legal standards by 177 times. That is, 77 percent of the employees suffer from respiratory problems. Moreover, when they looked further into the plight of these employees, it found that they were working 65 hours a week for a grand total of $10. That is 15 cents an hour. If you look at those low wages, together with lax environmental standards, that is a very potent combination that makes it very difficult for our manufacturing companies in the United States to be competitive at all.  Now, some proponents of free trade say that is one of the consequences of free trade, that lower wages will attract investment. But the benefit to the people in America is low-cost goods. Nike sneakers are about $125 a pair or $150 a pair. These are not exactly low-cost goods. Last year, Nike made $800 million on total sales of $9.2 billion.  The workers in Vietnam certainly are not benefiting from this great, tremendous, volume of sales, and in fact, American consumers are not benefiting from low-cost sneakers. They are very high-priced, prestige sneakers. What has happened is that our footwear manufacturing industry has been decimated. Growing up in Rhode Island, I was quite familiar with surrounding communities, particularly Brookline, MA, where most of the shoes in the world at one time were made. Those factories are empty and idle and those workers have gone off to do other things, but not to compete in the footwear industry.  It is absolutely critical to recognize the reality of international trade where environmental quality--I should say the lack of it--is a strong competitive inducement to move capital into these countries. The result in some cases is very frightening, not only in terms of the impact on our workers but certainly the impact on the workers who are working in these facilities.  Let me summarize the Ernst & Young report as reported in the New York Times. They painted a dismal picture of thousands of young women, mostly under age 25, laboring 10\1/2\ hours a day, 6 days a week, in excessive heat and noise and in foul air, for slightly more than $10 a week. The report also found that workers with skin or breathing problems had not been transferred to permanent chemical-free areas, and half of the workers that dealt with dangerous chemicals did not wear protective masks or gloves. We could say well, gee, I feel sympathetic to the worker and as a humanitarian and as a kind, decent person that shouldn't happen, but that is their country. That is their culture. Those are their decisions.  But it is hard when, as I do, you go into a Rhode Island jewelry factory, for example, and look at individual entrepreneurs whose families have built a business over two generations, who invested their sweat and their time and their fortune to try to build a big company, good company, and you find out that they have to pay a minimum wage, they have to ensure that their workers, if they are exposed to chemicals follow rigid procedures, they have to ensure that their waste is pretreated, and you ask those business men and business women how they are doing, and they say poorly because of international competition. Then you know that reports like this are not merely academic journalistic humanitarian conclusions. They strike at the very heart of whether small business men and women in this country can continue to compete.  They are not asking for protective tariffs. They are not asking for us to withdraw from the world trade as some of the proponents of this legislation might suggest. But what they are saying is, give us a chance to be competitive on an even basis. When you negotiate treaties, raise the standards, the environmental standards and the working conditions so that we can try to use our talents, our ingenuity, our skill, and our resources to be competitive.  If you don't do that, not only are you doing a disservice to these people who are trapped in these 10-hour days, in poor health-threatening environments, you are striking at the very competitiveness, the very survivability of so many small businesses around this country, particularly in my part of the world.  