President, reclaiming my time, I thank the Senator from New Hampshire for his support. I wouldlike to just briefly describe the problem and also the ongoing discussion with the FCC and also here within Congress.  First, as both my colleagues have indicated, this is an alarming and growing problem. The Federal Communications Commission is dealing with the problem now. They will shortly propose a rule that will take away the financial incentive for some of these renegade companies who essentially illegally change service. Surprisingly, today under FCC rules, a renegade company can, in fact, illegally switch a customer and still get the benefits of that month or of several months of charges. The FCC has proposed to change this.  This sense-of-the-Senate resolution supports that proposed rule change and the other activities the FCC is contemplating. One of the reasons we are here today is that, under the present rules of the FCC, telephone companies must get either a verbal or written response in terms of a formal request to change. The problem with respect to a written consent is that, many times, they are hidden in sweepstakes promotions, giveaways and, in fact, the nature of the written response is unknown to the consumer. Once again, the FCC is proposing to change this new rule. I support that change and encourage them to go forward.  The phone company can also rely upon the verbal assent of a consumer, but there are problems with this verbal assent, also. Some of the problems we have seen with telemarketers are the fact that they will deceive the consumer about identity or the nature of the service, or they will obtain the consent of a child, or stranger in the household, or disregard the consumer's decline to switch the service, or flatout not even bother to get the verbal assent and claim that they do in retrospect. The problem with this verbal authorization is proof. Again, the FCC has taken some steps in this regard. They are proposing to eliminate what is an option today, where someone presumably could consent over the phone and then receive a package later from the company requiring that consumer to send a card in to deny the service change. The FCC once again is trying to eliminate that procedure, also.  These are all positive steps. I encourage, and this resolution encourages, the FCC to pursue those steps.  This is a major problem for consumers in the United States. Fifty million people each year switch their phone service. One million of those switches are likely to be fraudulent. One regional carrier now estimates that 1 in 20 of the switches in their system are fraudulent switches. This problem has tripled since 1994. It is now the FCC's No. 1 consumer complaint. Therefore, this problem is something that we should deal with, and deal with decisively.  In my own home State of Rhode Island, there are abundant examples of consumers who have been disadvantaged by this illegal switching. Indeed, the Rhode Island Public Utilities Commission has noted this complaint as the No. 1 complaint they receive with respect to telephone services. For example, a small businessperson in Newport, RI, had his 800 number switched, and rather than an 800 number, the only people who could call the business were residents of Alaska.  In Smithfield, RI, a family had their phone service illegally switched. They protested, but before they could rectify the problem, their phone service was terminated because they refused to pay the bill for the illegal company that switched them.  These are problems that have to be addressed, and I hope are being addressed today by the FCC, and perhaps ultimately our legislation in this body.  What I hope we could do would be to focus more resources of the FCC on this problem. In 1996, the FCC received 16,000 complaints about slamming, but they only were able to successfully prosecute and induce judgment against 15 companies. They don't have the resources. They need those resources. Indeed, I worry that law enforcement agencies around the country not only lack resources but lack, ultimately, the proof that a switch has been made illegally. Law enforcement officials in certain States, such as Connecticut, Wisconsin, California, Texas, and Illinois, have been successful, but they need additional support.  Indeed, one of the major elements of the legislation I was contemplating was the requirement not only of written proof but, also, in the case that an oral or verbal consent was given, some type of recording of assent so that law enforcement authorities could verify decisively whether or not the appropriate assent had been made. It is necessary for us to balance the needs for a flexible system by which consumers can make choices and change their service to one that protects their right to ensure that it is their choice and not the result of fraudulent or manipulative practices by unscrupulous companies. I believe we can do that.  I believe we have taken a step forward today with this sense-of-the-Senate resolution to start on that path. I look forward to offering independent legislation which I think will assist the current effort of the FCC to resolve this grave problem that is growing each day.  Once again, I thank my colleagues, Senator Gregg, Senator Hollings, Senator McCain, and Senator Burns, for their work and for their effort on this. Others are interested. I know Senator Campbell and Senator Durbin are also interested in this problem.  We have an opportunity today to send a strong message to the FCC to move forward and also to continue to contemplate and deliberate about legislation which will assist in their efforts and end this scandalous problem, the No. 1 consumer complaint today with respect to telecommunications slamming.  I thank my colleagues. I yield the remainder of my time.  