President, I rise in support of the Feinstein and Daschle amendments and in opposition to H.R. 1122.  The decision to proceed with a potentially lethal pregnancy or one that would endanger the future health of the mother should rest with a woman and her doctor. As a general principle, the Government's role in such a difficult decision should be secondary to that of the woman who must inevitably come to terms with her own personal moral, religious, and philosophical beliefs.  H.R. 1122 supersedes the medical judgment of trained physicians and criminalizes medical procedures that may be necessary to preserve the life and health of the woman. Indeed, it seeks to restrictively and coercively dictate what constitutes appropriate medical practice.  Furthermore, H.R. 1122 does not provide an exception for the health of the mother, thus rejecting the constitutional standard governing postviability abortions set forth in the Supreme Court's decision in Roe versus Wade. Let us make no mistake, Roe versus Wade does not allow a healthy mother of a healthy fetus to have a postviability abortion.  During this emotionally charged debate, it is important to keep in mind those unfortunate women who have faced unpredictable, tragic, and life-threatening pregnancies. For instance, two women who endured such grave circumstances shared their stories recently before a joint House-Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. They testified to the heart-wrenching circumstances surrounding their decision--a decision that would have been illegal under this legislation. We have heard these and other equally compelling stories shared by many of my colleagues during this debate today.  The amendments offered by Senator Feinstein and Senator Daschle, however, both take into consideration the woman's life and health. The Feinstein amendment bans all postviability abortions, except those necessary to preserve the life of the woman or to avert serious adverse health consequences. The Daschle amendment also bans all postviability abortion, but makes an exception for those necessary to save the mother's life or to protect her from grievous injury to her physical health. I will support these amendments because their sponsors seek to preserve the core principles of Roe versus Wade.  Of these two amendments, the Feinstein approach is preferable to meet the tragic and trying circumstances of women facing this agonizing decision. I am concerned that the Daschle amendment may not ensure appropriate medical options for all the possible health-related difficulties faced by some women. If it is the true intention of H.R. 1122's proponents to address late term abortions, I would urge my colleagues to support the Feinstein and Daschle amendments which accords with the Supreme Court's decisions in this area and have been endorsed by the President.  Mr. President, the debate on the issue of abortion involves profound questions. Questions of a moral, personal, and religious nature. I do not personally favor abortion. However, my duty as a Senator is to uphold the Constitution and ensure that the power of the State is not used to compel citizens in a manner which contradicts an individual's protected religious and moral beliefs.  