President, Mexican officials said they were eliminating these environmental impact assessments to increase investment, which may well be an apparent violation of NAFTA because it prohibits, apparently, the weakening of environmental laws to attract investment.  So our experience with NAFTA should tell us that we must redouble our efforts to have the principal negotiating objective of environmental concerns. Yet, again we have constrained and circumscribed the ability of the President by simply saying they have to be directly related to trade, and many environmental problems are not directly related to trade.  For example, near the United States-Mexican border, there is an area known as Ciudad Industrial, where a number of sophisticated, highly automated manufacturing plants have been established since NAFTA. These manufacturing plants discharge hazardous waste through a nearby sewer outfall which adjoins a river that is used for washing and bathing. The Mexican Government has enacted a number of institutional barriers to environmental progress to prevent pollution abatement. For example, Mexican law prohibits the local government from taxing these state-of-the-art factories to pay for sewers, to pay for cleaning up.  In these ways, unrelated directly to trade, there are advantages to relocating production in countries. These are the type of actions which we should be concerned about, that we should, in fact, direct the President to be concerned about, that we should, in fact, insist the President bring to the table as a significant negotiating goal.  There is a final point I would like to make with respect to the specific deficiency of these goals, and that is the issue of monetary coordination. The 1988 fast-track bill included monetary coordination as a principal negotiating objective. Specifically the bill stated:       The principal negotiating objective of the United States      regarding trade in monetary coordination is to develop      mechanisms to ensure greater coordination, consistency and      cooperation between international trade and monetary systems      and institutions.  The bill before us today eliminates monetary coordination as a principal negotiating objective, thereby limiting the President's ability to address issues of currency valuation, fluctuating currency, all of the issues that have become tangible and palpable in the last few days, as we witnessed the gyrations of currency and the stock market throughout the Orient.  Currency valuation is a key component of trade policy because it affects the price of imports and exports. For example, as the U.S. dollar gets stronger relative to other currencies, U.S. exports to a foreign country will likely become more expensive in that country and the country's imports will become cheap in the United States. Inversely, as the U.S. dollar gets weaker relative to other currencies, U.S. exports to a foreign country will become cheaper in that country, and that country's imports will become more expensive in the United States. As a result, and quite clearly, currency valuation affects trade flow between countries and, consequently, the trade deficit.  We have to be terribly conscious of these currency valuations. It is evident in recent statistics on the valuation of the dollar in trade that there is a high correlation between the two. Since mid-1995, the dollar has risen against a number of foreign currencies, and during this period, the United States trade deficit rose also. It is estimated the trade deficit will increase to $206 billion by the end of 1997. Also, currency valuation affects direct investment into our country by foreign investors, and that is something that we also have to be sensitive to.  Again, the NAFTA experience gives us further evidence--if we didn't know about it before--it gives us further evidence. As you know, NAFTA was enacted and shortly thereafter, the peso collapsed. What we thought were significant reductions in Mexican tariffs were wiped out by a 40-percent reduction in the value of the peso.  This reduction was part of inevitably the continuing strategy of Mexico, and the strategy of many countries, to have export-led growth to reduce the cost of their goods to United States consumers, and one way they did this was through the devaluation of the peso.  If we continue to be indifferent to the notion of currency and its role in our international trade, we are going to continue to see these problems and others like them.  It turned out that before the negotiation of NAFTA, Mexico was running a trade deficit of $29 billion with the United States, a very large trade deficit, 8 percent of its gross domestic product. By 1994, after the onset of NAFTA and towards 1996, their deficit had turned into a surplus, again, in many respects because of the currency changes that took place because of the peso prices.  So we do have to be very, very conscious of these currency effects. Once again, this is not a part of the major negotiating goals for this legislation.  Reduced currency values in Mexico has prompted increased investment there. In the past year, investment in maquiladora plants in the Mexican State of Baja California, have increased by more than 35 percent. In effect, because of their policies, because of our adoption of NAFTA, we have created monetary incentives to move and invest in Mexico and not just for the United States but for other countries around the world who are using Mexico as a platform for low-cost production which, in turn, is imported into the United States without duties.  Over the horizon, there is another major trading partner whose currency manipulations, if you will, can cause us significant problems, and that is China. As part of its strategy to encourage exports and discourage imports, China has engaged in an effort to reduce the value of its currency relative to the dollar. These currency valuations wipe out many of the concessions that we think we have sometimes with the Chinese with respect to their trade and our trade.  It puts, of course, downward pressure on the wages of U.S. workers as we cannot produce here the items that can be produced overseas more cheaply, not because of differences in productivity, but, in many cases, in part at least in the very calculated manipulation of currencies by foreign countries.  Again, the absence of such a major negotiating provision within the bill, I think, is a fatal flaw.  Overall, the bill before us continues a policy of protecting capital without, I think, sufficient protection for workers, protecting the ability of capital to relocate throughout the world, without recognizing that there must be commensurate protections for workers, workers both here in the United States and workers worldwide.  Because of the incentives now to deploy capital almost everywhere, we are beginning to recognize the phenomena of excess capacity in production facilities around the world, and many economists fear that this will lead to a massive deflation, and this massive deflation could be the major economic challenge that we face in the year's ahead.  The lack of work protections, the fact that countries can manipulate currencies, the lack of sensitivity to environmental policies has been an incentive, a very powerful incentive, to move production from the United States into these developing countries. For example, Malaysia's booming electronics industry is based on the explicit promise to American semiconductor companies that workers will effectively prohibited from unionizing. In fact, when Malaysia considered lifting this ban on unionizing, American companies threatened to move to China or Vietnam, more receptive countries. This competition for cheap labor continues to put downward pressure on wages in developed countries as companies use the threat of relocation to leverage or reduce the pay of their workers.  These trends, related to labor and technology, are creating a situation, as I indicated, of overcapacity in many respects which may outstrip the ability of the workers to afford the very goods they are producing. The economic journalist, William Grieder, characterized the situation as follows:       The central economic problem of our present industrial      revolution, not so different in nature from our previous one,      is an excess of supply, the growing permanent surpluses of      goods, labor and productive capacity. The supply problem is      the core of what drives destruction and instability.      Accumulation of factories, redundant factories as new ones      are simultaneously built in emerging markets, mass      unemployment and declining wages, irregular mercantilist      struggles for market entry and shares in the industrial base,      market gluts that depress prices and profits, fierce contests      that lead to cooperative cartels among competitors and other      consequences.  That is an outline of a world which faces increasing prices. The oil companies are a good example potentially of that world. By the year 2000, the global auto industry will be able to produce nearly 80 million vehicles. However, there will only be a market for approximately 60 million buyers. These imbalances, created by excessive supply, will put downward pressure on prices, and reduced profits and begin a deflationary trend.  Another commentator, William Gross, is managing director of Pacific Mutual Investment Co., which manages more than $90 billion worldwide, now pegs the risk of a general deflation at 1 in 5 in the next several years. He states:       My deflationary fears are supported by two arguments:      exceptional productivity growth and global glut.  He cites twin causes. Real wages both in the United States and abroad cannot keep up with the rapid growth of new production. That is, there will not be enough demand to buy all excess goods and emerging economies create aggressive new players eager to outproduce and underprice everyone else.  Overcapacity may be at the heart of the crisis that we have seen in Asia, the crisis which is manifested through currency turbulence and also through the stock market gyrations. We have seen in Thailand, for example, where, fueled by massive capital infusions, the economy in Thailand took off at a staggering rate. Between 1985 and 1994, the Thais had the world's highest growth rate, an average of 8.2 percent. It was prompted by developers who were building office towers and industrial parks that were built regardless of demand. They continued to build even as the completed buildings were half empty.  Petrochemical, steel, and cement plants were operating at half capacity because of oversupply. To address the oversupply issue, currency speculators thought it inevitable that the Thai currency, which was pegged to the dollar, would be devalued to boost Thailand's exports. Based on those assumptions, currency speculators began selling Thai currency and it decreased. The Government was forced to step in. They could not sustain their support and the bottom, if you will, dropped out of the local Thai currency, the baht. We feel similar pressures with the Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia.  All of this is prompted, in part, by the fact that capital can move everywhere, capital is moving everywhere, and we are not, I think, recognizing it in terms of our overall trade policy and certainly not recognizing in terms of this legislation.  We have to be conscious, very conscious, that the conditions of untrammeled deployment of capital around the world has beneficial effects but can have very detrimental effects. It has to be balanced. It has to be balanced by similar regimes in terms of workers' rights, in terms of environmental quality, in terms of coordinating currency, in terms of those factors which will allow free trade to be truly free and not allow situations to develop where capital is attracted not because of quality of workers, not because of natural resources, not because of factories that go to the heart of the production function, but because countries consciously try to depress their wages, try to suppress enforcement of environmental quality, try to manipulate currency, try to lure for short-term growth capital which will end up eventually bringing their house of cards down but, in the meantime, affecting the livelihood, the welfare and the state of living of millions and millions of American workers.  This bill does not adequately address those capital movements. It doesn't adequately understand or recognize that modern technology is assisting these capital movements. It does not recognize that we have to have policies that comprehend what is going on in the world today. This migration of capital, this technological expansion, all of these things have an impact on the wages of American workers. All of these have an impact on what we should be doing here today in terms of developing our response to world trade as it exists today.  There is another aspect of this capital deployment and this technology deployment and that is the notion of forced technology transfer which many of our trading allies engage in, specifically China. Their trade policies have demanded that companies investing in or exporting to China must also transfer product manufacturing technology to China.  A recent article in the Washington Post chronicled this issue. For example, to win the right to form a joint venture with China's leading automaker, General Motors promised to build a factory in China featuring the latest in automotive manufacturing technology, including flexible tooling and lean manufacturing process.  GM also pledged to establish five training institutes for Chinese automotive engineers and to buy most of its parts for the Chinese venture locally after 5 years.  Similarly, an unidentified United States manufacturer is planning to build a major facility in China instead of the United States in response to Chinese pressure. An executive with the company indicated that production will be more expensive in China and the quality will be worse, but in order to do business in China, they had to conform to these demands.  According to many United States business executives, China's demands for technology are simply a cost of doing business with China. However, the effect is that our companies are transferring their facilities to China, making China not trading partners but ultimately competitors to our own world.  An interesting experience of DuPont. In the late 1980's, DuPont negotiated with China's Chemical Industry Ministry to form a joint venture to make a rice herbicide called Londax. By the time the venture started production in 1992, several factories in China were already producing Londax using DuPont technology that it was providing to the joint venture. Soon thereafter, approximately 30 Chinese factories were making several DuPont proprietary herbicides, all without the explicit permission of DuPont.  So what we are seeing again is not only the deployment of capital because of natural market forces, but because of the will and because of the negotiating stance of foreign countries that are required as a part of free trade, we are seeing the free transfer of our expertise, our proprietary information, our technology, and ultimately in many cases our jobs.  The other aspect of this legislation which should be noted, I think with some significance, is the fact that this legislation really does not recognize the fact that we have been running trade deficits of staggering proportions year in and year out.  It is interesting to hear the proponents of fast track talking about this as the great salvation for our trading partners. And we have had fast track now since 1974. I would daresay, we were probably running trade deficits in 1974. So clearly, fast track is a mechanism--in fact, some would argue the way we conduct some of these bilateral Free Trade Agreements is not the answer to the most consistent foreign problem we face in America today; that is, continued trade deficits. We have to address these problems.  The major trade deficit we run of course is with the Japanese. But we are also running significant deficits with the Chinese.  In some respects, one wonders why we are here today talking about fast track when one would argue our major problem is adjusting our trade relationship not with emerging countries like Chile, but with countries like Japan and China. Once again, I do not know what this legislation will do to effect those major problems.  Let me just suggest that we have entered into a fast-track procedure which is flawed because the goals we have established do not reach the most important issues that we face in the world today. They do not address our trade deficit directly. They certainly do not address the issues of work protections, environmental policy, currency issues. In fact, also they are sending wrong signals to our allies, our potential trading partners.  By not adopting these as central, important key negotiating goals, we are essentially telling our potential trading partners we do not care. Oh, yes, we will have side agreements. We will have executive initiatives. We will talk a good game about these issues. But they are not at the heart of this legislation which is the defining legislation for our whole procedure.  I do not think it takes much for a trade minister in a foreign country to figure out pretty quickly it is not important--not important--to the American people, not important to Congress, not important to our trade effort when, in fact, I would argue it is the most important thing that we can and should do.  We have seen the side agreements mentioned, but the side agreements have not, I think, produced anything near the type of mechanism, type of framework which is essential to good trade policy throughout the country and throughout the world.  Let me just conclude by saying that the fast-track procedure will work if we get the goals right. We have neglected to get negotiating goals right. We have neglected key issues with respect to worker protections, key issues with respect to environment, key issues with respect to the coordination of currency. And the suggestion that we can, by side agreements or by legislative initiatives, make up the difference I think is mistaken. The experience of NAFTA has been very instructive in that regard.  Today, we are here as Members of this Senate to do what we must do in the trade process. And that is, to write legislation which will clearly define all the relevant goals that are necessary to not only open up markets but to maintain the standard of living of the United States.  This is a central issue that we face today and will face in the days ahead. This bill, sadly, will not give us the kind of direction, give the President the kind of direction that he needs and that the American people demand.  I yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. President, could I reserve the balance of my time?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Allard). That will be reserved.  