I am pleased the Senate took favorable action today. This legislation, the Senior Citizen's Home Equity Protection Act, would protect seniors from unscrupulous market activities of a very small group of business people. We have, throughout the United States and through the auspices of HUD, introduced a program called the reverse mortgage program. This allows seniors who have their house mortgage paid off, they have all the equity in the home, rather than selling the home to confront the costs of being a senior, they are allowed through this program to essentially go to the bank and have a monthly or a lump sum payment in lieu of the equity in their home. This allows many seniors to stay in their homes. It allows them to meet the needs of health care and all the pressing needs of seniors.  What has happened though is that a group of unscrupulous operators have come in, under the guise of estate planning, and now are charging exorbitant fees to inform seniors of this reverse mortgage program, sometimes collecting up to $10,000. What is particularly alarming, indeed, and particularly reprehensible is the fact that all of this information is absolutely free from the HUD office in their locality.  So what this legislation proposes to do--I am so pleased it was favorably responded to this morning--is to give HUD the authority to step in with very, very stern measures to preempt these practices, to move these unscrupulous operators out of the marketplace, and allow seniors to reap the full benefit of the reverse mortgage program.  In my State of Rhode Island, over 500 seniors have taken advantage of the reverse mortgage program. In fact, we had our State program in place before the Federal program was initiated. Much of the effort at the Federal level has been led by the Assistant Secretary for Housing, Nick Retsinas, who is a Rhode Islander and who in fact was a leader in Rhode Island for this program. So we in Rhode Island understand very well the effect and the efficacy of this program.  Our Rhode Island Housing and Mortgage Finance Corporation, RIHMFC, has done a remarkable job promoting these programs and also a remarkable job of policing these programs because we have not seen any evidence in Rhode Island of these scandals. However, throughout the country, as I indicated before, these unscrupulous operators have tried to move in and take advantage of very vulnerable seniors.  We know so many seniors are house rich but cash poor. They have equity in their home but do not have the means to make ends meet each week. This reverse mortgage program should help them. It should not be an opportunity to be taken upon or set upon by unscrupulous operators.  In Rhode Island, for example, the Providence Journal reported a typical story, that of George Tarbox and his wife. Mr. Tarbox and his wife were the perennial house rich and cash poor family. They purchased their home in 1958. They paid off the mortgage, but they were facing very difficult circumstances. They were on a fixed income, like most seniors. And they needed the resources to simply live. The choice between eating and buying medicine is very difficult. The reverse mortgage program allowed them to meet their needs. They were able to pay off their original mortgage. They were able to make their daily expenses. They were able to get the proceeds and resources that they needed to live. And this is just a typical story, a very, very good typical story of the effectiveness of the reverse mortgage program.  Today, with action on S. 562, we are sending a very strong message out to those unscrupulous operators who might try to prey on seniors that we are going to take a tough, tough hard stand. This program is there. It is for seniors. It is not for speculators. It is for seniors. It is not for those who prey on seniors. And it allows seniors to have access, through their home, to the resources they need to lead lives of decency and dignity.  I am so pleased with Senator D'Amato and Senator Mack for their leadership on this, and for my colleagues who joined in sponsoring this legislation. I hope that it will move quickly through the Congress, the President will sign it, and we will give HUD the tools that it needs to eradicate this detestable practice, and allow the seniors of America to fully enjoy what they have worked so hard for, their homes and the proceeds of their homes.  Thank you very much, Mr. President.  I yield back the balance of my time.  