President, I rise today to use my time to discuss the fast-track bill. First, let me commend the excellent statement by the Senator from West Virginia. His staunch defense of the Senate and the Congress is based not only on his unsurpassed knowledge of the Constitution, but also his common sense and appreciation that the wisdom of the American people expressly represent the best way to make a treaty.  I rise to discuss a number of issues with respect to our trade policy, most particularly, the fast-track legislation that is before us today. Like all of my colleagues, I understand the importance of international trade. Today, the value of trade equals 30 percent of our gross domestic product, which is up from about 13 percent in 1970. Indeed, trade is of great importance to my State of Rhode Island, which exported goods totaling $1 billion in 1996.  There is nobody on this floor today that is arguing that trade is not important and that the United States shouldn't be actively involved in international trade. The question today is not whether the United States should engage in trade. The question today is whether we will establish a framework that will open markets without undermining our standard of living. This debate is more than about simply increasing our access to cheap goods; it is about our continuing efforts to promote employment at decent wages here at home, continuing our efforts to protect the environment around the world, and strengthening our efforts to promote stable trade and fair trade throughout the world.  The critical aspects of this fast-track legislation are the goals which we set as Members of the Senate. These goals are known as principal negotiating objectives. This is the mission we give to the President--to go out and negotiate, based on these goals, to reach settlements that will advance these multiple objectives: freer trade, fairer trade, a rising standard of living here in America and, we hope, around the world.  The rationale for fast track was aptly summarized back in 1974 when the Senate Finance Committee wrote its report with respect to the first fast-track legislation. This report language bears repeating:       The committee recognizes that such agreements negotiated by      the executive should be given an up-or-down vote by the      Congress. Our negotiators cannot be expected to accomplish      the negotiating goals if there are no reasonable assurances      that the negotiated agreement would not be voted up or down      on their merits. Our trading partners have expressed an      unwillingness to negotiate without some assurances that      Congress will consider the agreement within a definite      timeframe.  The key operative phrase in this passage is the phrase which we have highlighted behind me. The negotiated goals. That essentially is what we are about today. Charting negotiating goals that will give the President of the United States the direction and the incentive to conduct appropriate negotiations, to yield a treaty which will benefit ourselves, and also to signal to our trading partners what is critical and crucial to this Congress and the American people in terms of trade agreements. This rationale for fast track makes sense, and only makes sense, if we get it right here, if we get the negotiating goals correct.  Unfortunately, the bill before us does not provide the President with the full range of goals necessary to increase U.S. trade and enhance our standard of living. Indeed, this bill is contrary to some of the provisions of the 1988 fast-track legislation which specifically recognized workers' rights and monetary coordination as fundamental negotiating goals. In addition, the 1988 fast-track bill gave the President greater authority to negotiate on environmental issues in the context of these trade agreements. The Roth bill limits this authority.  Fast track is a great slogan. Free trade is a great slogan. But here today we are not about sloganizing, we are about legislating. And, as such, we must look to this bill, to all of its details and specifically to the goal which it lays out for the President of the United States. In failing to adequately address issues such as labor and monetary conditions, the Roth bill neglects the serious assumptions that underlie the whole theory of free trade.  The theory of free trade evolved over many, many years, based upon the economic notions of comparative advantage and specialization, notions that were advanced hundreds of years ago by David Ricardo, the English economist. At the core of these notions of comparative advantage and specialization is that certain nations can produce or prepare goods and services better than others, and that if we trade we can maximize values throughout the world. These assumptions, though, rest on other critical assumptions. As Professor Samuelson, the famous economist, pointed out in his 10th edition work on economic theory:       The important law of comparative advantage must be      qualified to take into account certain interferences with it.      Thus, if exchange rate parities and money wage rates are      rigid in both countries, or fiscal or monetary policies are      poorly run in both countries, then the blessings of cheap      imports that international specialization might give would be      turned into the curse of unemployment.  We will hear a lot about free trade, but this bill does not give the President the direction to establish the underlying environment which is necessary for free trade--respect for and recognition of the rights of workers to freely associate, to seek higher wages, respect for and acknowledgment of the critical role of currencies in the world of trade. Because of these reasons and many others, this bill, I think, falls far short of what we should in fact pass as a means to achieve the goal we all fervently seek, which is free, open trade and fair trade throughout the world.  Now, the debate on trade in the United States is not new. From the beginning of our country we have fiercely debated the role of trade in our economy. Beginning with Alexander Hamilton's ``Report On Manufacturers,'' there has been a constant ebb and flow between those that would advise protective tariffs and those that would suggest free, open trade is the only route. This battle back and forth between opposing views took on, in many respects, the characterization of protectionism versus free traders. It reached its culmination, perhaps, before World War II when, in 1930, thisCongress passed the Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act which has become infamous because of its effect upon, at that time, the beginning of the world depression. And then, in 1934 the protective tariffs embedded in Smoot-Hawley were reversed. In 1934, the Tariff Act gave the President the right to reciprocally negotiate trade and tariff adjustment. So, this phase, running from the beginning of the country to the advent of World War II, saw a fierce battle between protectionists and open-marketeers.  The second phase of our debate on trade began in the aftermath of World War II where a dominant American economy sought to establish rules for freer trade. But from World War II through 1974, particularly with respect to the Kennedy and Tokyo Rounds of GATT, our view was more or less using trade as a foreign policy device, using trade as a way to establish bulwarks against the threats of communism, the threats of instability. And in so many respects it was this unintended but accumulation of concessions to trading partners around the world that has left us where we are today, which in many respects our market is virtually open in terms of tariffs and in terms of nontariff barriers, but there are many other countries who still maintain barriers to our trade.  Beginning in 1974, we recognized that an important part of access to markets was not just the tariff level but those nontariff barriers. As a result, we started the fast-track process. In this context that I described, fast track makes sense if we get the goals right. Today's legislation, I suggest, does not get the goals right. Indeed, since 1974 international trade has taken on a much more central position in our economy in terms of its size and, now, in a variation on some of the foreign policy themes we heard during the 1950's and 1960's, as a way of some to create the democracies, the markets which we think are essential to progress around the world. In any respect, we are here today not to stop the progress of free trade but, in fact, to ensure that free trade results in benefits for all of our citizens and, indeed, benefits for those citizens of the world economy which we hope to trade with.  Some have labeled anyone who opposes this fast-track mechanism as a protectionist. I think quite the contrary, those of us--let me speak for myself. I certainly think that we represent interventionists, because we feel that to get trade right, you can't simply leave the country we trade with as we found it. We have to insist that they begin to adapt to and accept international standards with respect to workers' rights, environmental quality, currency coordination, a host of issues. In fact, when we look at the agreement, we see instances within this legislation, it is quite clearly acknowledged, where we are pushing or trying to push countries to adapt to our way of doing business. But they seem to be exclusively with respect to commercial practices--commercial laws or agricultural policies. So we have in some respects the will to try to develop a world system based upon our model, but when it comes to critical issues like workers' protections and environmental quality, this legislation does not express that necessary role.  The administration has expressed their deep desire for this legislation. Indeed, I hope we could pass a fast-track legislative bill this session to open up markets to American firms, to compete in a global economy. With under 5 percent of the world's population living in the United States, we certainly have to find ways to sell to the remaining 95 percent of the world's population. It is no secret that economies in many parts of the world are growing faster than we are and offer tremendous opportunities for our investment and our exports. It is indeed predicted that economies in Asia and economies in Latin America will continue to grow at significant rates and we have to be part of this.  But we have to be part of this growth in trade in a way that will ensure that American firms and American workers are in the best position to compete and win in this global economy, this battle for success in the global economy. But I don't think, as I mentioned before, that this bill will set the goals necessary to win that competition.  Now, as Senator Byrd indicated so eloquently, this legislation also represents a significant expansion in the authority of the President to conduct the foreign policy of the United States and the commercial policy of the United States. In fact, since the adoption in 1974, the President's ability to negotiate and enter into trade agreements to reduce or eliminate tariff and nontariff barriers has increased significantly. But because it is such a significant delegation of authority, we have to, as I indicated before, make sure that we get the general goals correct, because we won't have the opportunity, as we do in other ways, to second-guess or correct the President's decision as we go forward.  So, again, as the Senator from West Virginia indicated, this is the opportunity for us, and maybe the only opportunity, to set the appropriate agenda for discussions going forward on international trade. I think, as I said, the current bill before us does not establish the appropriate negotiating goals so that we do ensure the President not only has the authority but the appropriate direction to serve the interests of the American people in establishing a regime of free and open trade throughout the world.  Now, as I indicated before, the Roth bill that is before us today is deficient in many specifics. First, let me take one specific and that is the notion of providing a very active negotiating goal to seek ways to improve and enforce labor relations in other countries around the world. In 1988, fast-track legislation stated that one of the administration's principal negotiating objectives in trade agreements was:       To promote respect for worker rights; to secure a review of      the relationship between worker rights to GATT articles,      objectives, and related instruments with a view to ensuring      that the benefits of the trading system are available to all      workers; to adopt as a principle of the GATT, that the denial      of worker rights should not be a means for a country or its      industries to gain competitive advantage in international      trade.  This legislation before us eliminates this workers' rights provision as a principal negotiating objective in trade agreements. I dare say if we read that to any Member of this Senate, they would say of course that has to be a goal of our trade negotiators. Yet in this legislation it is not such a goal.  As a result, it will limit the President's ability to try to negotiate improvements of labor standards and, as such, it will cast aside the interests of millions of American workers as well as the interests of workers worldwide.  It is no secret that income inequality has risen substantially in the United States in recent years. For nearly 2 decades the real wages and compensation of American blue-collar workers have been declining. Hourly compensation for nonsupervisory production workers fell by approximately 9.5 percent between 1979 and 1995.  There are many reasons for this. Some would cite declining rates of unionization, some the erosion of the real value of the minimum wage. But others would cite the increasing globalization of trade. Although it is difficult to determine exactly the composition, the factors that are influencing this phenomena, there is an emerging consensus by economists that approximately 30 percent of the relative decline in the wages of noncollege-educated workers, and even a larger share in the decline with respect to production-wage workers, is a result of international trade and its effects. And I should say even though the President has suggested Executive initiatives in the last 2 days to try to correct some of these incongruities, it is not likely to do so. In fact, if we want to ensure that our wages remain comparable with our increases in productivity, we have to ensure that when our negotiators go to the table and negotiate arrangements, they are conscious of the rights of American workers and conscious of the rights of those workers in the countries with which we are attempt to go negotiate these trade agreements. Indeed, in light of these trends it is imperative that this provision be part of our fast-track legislation. It is not such a part of the legislation.  We have the recent experience of NAFTA to further inform the debate on these issues. It has been estimated that since enactment of NAFTA in 1993, trade with Canada and Mexico has cost the United States approximately 420,000 jobs, including 2,200 in my home State of Rhode Island. As a minimal estimate of job loss, the Labor Department has certified approximately143,000 workers as being eligible for assistance because of trade dislocation.  The list of companies that have made NAFTA-related layoffs is a veritable ``Who's Who'' of American industry. It includes General Electric, Allied Signal, Sara Lee, Black and Decker, TRW, Georgia Pacific, Johnson & Johnson--and the layoffs continue.  Indeed, I don't think one can point the finger merely at these companies because they are certainly just taking advantage of something which we created, the opportunity legally--in fact some would argue the incentive legally--to move production out of the United States to other areas, in this case Mexico.  But the effect is not simply in the jobs lost. The effect perhaps is more decisive in the suppression of wages. There are reports that companies will either explicitly or implicitly threaten to relocate to places like Mexico if wage concessions are not made. In fact, during the debate last year on NAFTA, a Wall Street Journal poll of executives found a majority of executives from large companies intended to use NAFTA, as they indicated, as ``a bargaining chip to keep down wages in the United States.''  And this is borne out by numerous anecdotes. For example, workers at a plant in my home State in Warwick, RI, agreed to freeze wages and work 12-hour shifts without overtime pay because the company threatened to move production to Mexico. Similarly, 4,000 workers in a plant in Webster, NY, accepted 33-percent cuts in base pay to avoid a threatened plant relocation. A company in Georgia threatened to move 300 jobs at a lighting plant to Mexico unless workers took a 20-percent cut in pay and 36-percent cut in benefits. Mr. President, 220 workers at a plant in Baltimore agreed to take a $1-an-hour pay cut to keep the plant open. And the list goes on and on and on.  The negative implications of NAFTA has been felt by U.S. workers and it should give us renewed energy and commitment to ensure that in the next round of fast-track legislation we at least replicate the 1988 goal of actively trying to ensure that worker protection, workers' rights are a central part of our negotiating strategy. Once again, this legislation does not do that.  It is important also to note that in the context of NAFTA, the benefits for Mexican workers have not been what they were advertised as. Since the passage of NAFTA, real manufacturing wages of Mexican workers have declined 25 percent. Part of this decline is attributable, of course, to the peso crisis. However it is important to recognize that real wages were stagnating prior to the peso crisis, while worker productivity in Mexico continued to grow. So, despite increased productivity, wages in Mexico continue to stagnate or decline. In fact, the percentage of Mexicans considered extremely poor rose from 31 percent in 1993 to 50 percent in 1996, after NAFTA. And two out of three Mexicans report that their personal economic situation is worse now than before NAFTA.  Following NAFTA, we have the benefit of these experiences which we did not have when we were considering the legislation back in 1988. Again, it seems inconceivable that seeing what has taken place in NAFTA, seeing how important--not only to our workers but to the workers of the country we hope to trade with--how important it is to negotiate and to reach principled agreements on worker protections and worker rights, that we are neglecting to do that in this legislation. And, as such, we have left a huge hole in our responsibility to give the President the responsibility and the direction to do what is best for the working men and women of this country, do what is best for the overall welfare of this country.  Now, with respect to the environment, that is another area where this legislation is deficient. It restricts the ability of the President to negotiate environmental issues and trade agreements by requiring that they be ``directly related'' to trade. And this differs from the 1988 fast-track bill which provided greater latitude for the President to negotiate on environmental issues. I would assume that ``directly related to trade'' means that if we have a problem getting a good into a country because they object to an environmental rule, that we might say, for example, labeling of a can, of a product, that that might be actionable. But it is not actionable if the country has absolutely no environmental enforcement; that it allows pollution to run rampant, that it actually encourages the relocation of factories and production facilities because of lax environmental rulings, because one I assume would argue that's not directly related to trade, it's not directly related to a good we are trying to get into the economy. But in fact, and again the NAFTA experience is instructive, this is precisely one of the ways in which countries undermine our environmental laws at home on the standard of living of our workers here in the United States. Indeed, after NAFTA we should be much more interested in including strong environmental protections. For the examples that the NAFTA experience has given us.  Subsequent to the passage of NAFTA the Canadian province of Alberta, which was only one of two Canadian provinces to sign the NAFTA environmental side agreement, adopted legislation in May 1996 prohibiting citizens from suing environmental officials to enforce environmental laws. And, in fact, since that time, to attract corporate investment, Alberta has advertised its lax regulatory climate as part of ``the Alberta advantage.''  Now, it might be an advantage to Alberta. Certainly I don't think it is to many residents of Alberta. And it is not an advantage to U.S. companies or U.S. workers who are faced with laws that we passed, and rightfully so, that demand high-quality environmental controls in the workplace.  In October 1995 Mexico announced that it would no longer require environmental impact assessments for investments in highly polluting sectors such as petrochemicals, refining, fertilizers and steel.  (