President, I rise this evening to join my colleague, Senator Chafee, in support of his resolution to return a statue of Roger Williams to the Capitol rotunda, and also to commend Senator Chafee for his excellent statement. He has described in detail the central role that Roger Williams has played not only in the life of Rhode Island, but in the life of this Nation.  His displacement from the rotunda will not be the first time he was banished. In 1635 he was banished from his first home because he advocated at that time the revolutionary idea that there should be a separation between church and state, that individuals should have freedom of conscience, that individuals should be able to worship the god of their choice, and that the system of government should respect that choice.  In a sense he began the intellectual revolution that would culminate years later in the revolution against Great Britain that would lead to our Declaration of Independence and to the Constitution of the United States, because he emphasized in his quest for the rights of conscience that element of individuality which is so much a part of America.  Roger Williams was a central figure not only in the history of Rhode Island but in the history of this country, and we recognize that by giving him a place of honor and distinction in the rotunda of the Capitol.  Like Senator Chafee, I do not object at all to the display of the suffragettes statute. That is once again a recognition of individual Americans who showed us the way, who advocated for the right of people. In fact, their behavior was in some way directly or indirectly inspired by the tradition established by Roger Williams in the 1600's.  I also respect the deliberations of Senator Warner to find a location which would be appropriate for Roger Williams. But my feeling, as well as my colleague's feeling, is that he is of such a historical character, not just to Rhode Island but to the Nation, that he well deserves a place in the rotunda of the Capitol of the United States.  When Roger Williams came to Rhode Island he created not just a State, but an attitude, an idea, that men and women could worship as they saw fit. He inspired the development of the first Baptist church in America which stands today in Providence. That spirit of tolerance, a respect for individuality, of respect for the dignity of the individual to choose, became a beacon for people around the world to come to Rhode Island. As Senator Chafee indicated, the first Jewish synagogue in North America was established in Newport and stands today as a symbol of Roger Williams' legacy, of our commitment to tolerance, and the right and dignity of the individual.  Such accomplishments, which go to the very fiber and the spirit of America, must be recognized, and, in fact, I feel should be appropriately recognized by the display of the Roger Williams statue in the rotunda of the Capitol.  When Roger Williams established Rhode Island, he said he was going to begin a lively experiment, and he has. That lively experiment has spun through the ages the creation of our Government; the very debate that we have here today. His legacy is monumental. His monument should be in the rotunda.  I am proud to join my colleague from Rhode Island to cosponsor this resolution and to urge, along with him, that at the first appropriate moment the statue of Roger Williams should be returned to the rotunda, that its temporary banishment from the rotunda be ended, and that scores of Americans in this generation and generations to come can recognize his accomplishments, can recognize his particular contributions to America and, in recognizing those contributions, can continue to reaffirm the spirit of religious freedom, of tolerance, and of individual dignity which he represents so magnificently. I am proud to be associated with my senior colleague and hope that this Senate will move quickly to support the return of Roger Williams to the rotunda.  I yield the floor.  