I commend him for his leadership on this important issue. And I also want to commend my colleague from Illinois for his very eloquent statement on this very important topic.  I join my colleagues today in urging the administration to submit the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty to the Senate for its consideration and, hopefully, ratification. On this day in 1963, President John F. Kennedy delivered his famous address to the graduates of American University. He made his famous call for peace for all time. He was then searching for a solution to a tense nuclear standoff. He stated in that speech:       Today the expenditure of billions of dollars every year on      weapons acquired for the purpose of making sure we never need      to use them is essential to keeping the peace. But surely the      acquisition of such idle stockpiles--which can only destroy      and never create--is not the only, much less the most      efficient means of assuring peace.  Mr. President, today we have an alternative means of assuring peace. After years of negotiations and false starts, 60 countries have approved the text of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty which would prohibit all nuclear weapons test explosions or other nuclear explosions anywhere in the world.  This treaty would prevent deployment and impede the development of these deadly weapons. It would not enter into force however until ratified by all 44 states which possess nuclear power, including the five countries which have harnessed this power to make nuclear weapons. Its comprehensiveness would reassure the 177 nonnuclear weapons states that nuclear proliferation is waning, thus eliminating the need of these states to develop their nuclear capability.  The Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty clearly has one purpose: To end the arms race and prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. It seeks to accomplish its goal in an objective and fair manner.  The membership of the executive council, the treaty's principal decisionmaking body, will be distributed evenly throughout the world.  An international monitoring system will use scientific methods to detect and identify prohibited nuclear explosions. A network of seismic, hydroacoustic, and radionuclide monitoring stations will continuously collect and analyze data to ensure global compliance.  A consultation and clarification regime will provide state parties with the opportunity to address accusations of noncompliance before an onsite inspection is ordered. And any state party which demands a frivolous or abusive inspection may be subject to punitive measures.  How can the United States not take the lead in this cause? If we ratify this treaty, others will follow. Imagine a day when world peace is not decided by the size of nuclear stockpiles, but rather by the will and wishes of the people of the world. This treaty is the next step toward that reality.  Mr. President, in his book of several years ago, ``The Good War,'' author Studs Terkel presented an oral history of those touched by World War II. He spoke with many individuals whose lives were shaped by the bomb. Indeed, he spoke with survivors of Hiroshima, who still do not talk about the events of August 6, 1945, without breaking down.  He spoke with an American sailor who swam in the waters of the Marshall Islands the day after a test explosion. He died of cancer before the book was published.  But perhaps Terkel's most disturbing chapter is his last, when he interviewed some children, aged 11 to 15, on a Chicago street corner in 1965.  One child, Sam, stated, ``I hope I can die of old age, before the world starts THE war.'' Ethel then chimed in, ``I wanna see if I'm gonna grow up first. I mean, I might not live to be grown up. Cause I don't know when my time is up * * * I never know if I could die overnight from the bomb or something.'' And finally Raymond said, ``This might sound crazy, but I'd like to see a world without bombs. I mean without wars. It would be a lot bigger, the world. Maybe we could enjoy it more. Get a lot out of life, without worrying you would be blown up tomorrow.''  Mr. President, generations growing up after World War II were haunted by the specter of annihilation by nuclear weapons. We now have an opportunity to rid these fears, the fears of our children, forever. The American people want this treaty. Over 80 percent of the public support its ratification. It is incumbent upon us to consider this treaty and to ratify it, to put to rest once and for all the specter of nuclear annihilation.  I yield back my time to the Senator from Iowa.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). The Senator from Iowa.  