President, I rise in support of the conference report on the tax relief package. I believe the conference report represents significant progress from previous efforts to provide tax relief for hard-working American families that are struggling to pay their bills, educate their children, and save for retirement. As one who voted against the previous Senate version of the tax cut bill, I commend the conferees and the administration negotiators who worked to address some of the concerns that I and others expressed with the previous legislation to develop this compromise.  However, I must also express strong concern with several provisions that remain in the bill. I believe that the provisions related to capital gains taxes, IRA's, and estate taxes unfairly benefit the wealthiest Americans, and threaten to upset the fiscally responsible decisions, such as passage of the 1993 deficit reduction package, that enabled us to reduce the deficit to its lowest point as a percentage of GDP since 1974. However, when considered in the context of the larger effort at bipartisan compromise and the willingness to expand healthcare coverage to millions of children, I believe this legislation presents a good deal for many working American families.  In particular, the tax cuts contained in the conference report provide a greater amount of tax relief to middle income Americans than previous versions of this bill. For example, under the bill passed by the Finance Committee, the second lowest 20 percent of income earners would have experienced a tax increase, whereas under the conference report, these Americans would enjoy a tax cut. Although I still have concerns that a substantial share of the tax cuts will go to the highest income Americans, these concerns are counterbalanced by the fact that middle-income Americans will enjoy significant tax reductions and expanded educational incentives which were not as prominent in prior versions of this bill.  As I have stated throughout the debate on this bill, I have reservations about provisions in the bill related to the capital gains tax, new backloaded IRA's, and the estate tax. Particularly disturbing is the fact that these tax reductions, which come at a significant cost after 2002, will almost exclusively benefit the wealthiest Americans. For example, the Joint Tax Committee has estimated that three-quarters of Americans receiving capital gains income are households that earn over $100,000 annually. Similarly, only 1.6 percent of estates are valued high enough to qualify for capital gains increases. Meanwhile, these tax cuts will cost $75 billion over 10 years.  Beyond favoring the wealthy, I am concerned that the cost of these tax cuts, many of which are backloaded, will explode in the years after 2002 and ultimately upset the progress we have made on deficit reduction. These concerns are supported by the 10-year revenue estimates recently released by the Joint Tax Committee which suggests that the cost of this tax bill will be $275 billion over 10 years. This level of revenue loss may prove difficult to sustain, and I would hope my colleagues will protect vital investments like education and infrastructure if difficult economic times arise.  At the same time, I believe that the conferees have made significant progress on the education tax provisions included in the bill. Of particular note is the decision to extend education tax reductions for the third and fourth years of a college education. The Finance Committee-passed tax bill did not extend benefits to years three and four, and I believed this was a major shortcoming of that legislation. By providing benefits for the duration of the average college education, I believe the provisions included in the conference report better reflect the realities facing many individuals desiring to get a college education. Indeed, this compromise before us today provides $41 billion in education tax incentives for those looking to invest in their education.  I also support the changes that have been made to the child tax credit that will enable a greater number of middle- and lower-income Americans to utilize the credit. By making the credit partially refundable against payroll taxes, the legislation reflects the reality that the most significant tax burden of many low-income Americans is that of the payroll tax. The Senate bill provided no tax credit to many families making under $30,000. This compromise does.  I would also like to express my support for the decision to keep provisions in the bill that will expand the use of IRA's to allow withdrawals for first-time home buyers. Perhaps the greatest hurdle faced by many first-time home buyers is the inability to get the necessary funds for a downpayment on a home. Provisions in the tax bill will lower this hurdle and enable us to continue to increase home ownership, which is currently at a 17-year high.  In conclusion, I believe the tax bill will provide tax relief to hard-working American families who have faced stagnating wages and tough employment prospects. I am pleased that we in Congress have made the difficult budget decisions which laid the foundation for the tax cuts we are able to provide today. I would caution, however, that we must be ever-vigilant in ensuring that the tax cuts will not overheat the economy or lead to an explosion of the deficit. Indeed, we must be prepared to make the tough decisions that we will be called upon to make in the event that the revenue projections in this agreement do not come to fruition. As we prepare to vote on this legislation, I would encourage my colleagues to celebrate our success, but to consider the concerns that I have set forth.  Mr. President, I will support this bill with reservations, but I also recognize as should we all, that this agreement is a compromise between a President and a Congressional majority of different political parties. As such, it embodies the often conflicting demands and ideals of each group. It is in this spirit that I will vote for the package.  