I want to thank my friend, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brown], for participating in this special order, for all of his good work to increase voter participation, long before I came to this body, as the Secretary of State of the great State of Ohio. I say to the gentleman, ``Thank you very much.'' On January 1 of this year, the National Voter Registration Act, known as motor-voter, went into effect. This month marks the two year anniversary of Motor Voter becoming law. Tonight I want to recognize the important role Motor Voter has played in registering voters and promoting democracy.  The motor-voter law allows citizens to register at motor vehicle bureaus, welfare offices and other agencies. The goal of the law is to simplify voter registration and encourage people to participate in the political process. After only 3 months, the results are in. Motor Voter is working.  In only 3 months, over 2 million citizens have registered or updated their registration. Motor Voter will add an estimated 20 million voters to the rolls by the 1996 election. Motor Voter would be an even greater success if all states complied with the law.  Unfortunately, some States have not complied with the Motor Voter law. They refuse to follow the law of the land. Even some Members of Congress oppose Motor Voter. They want to repeal this successful law.  Mr. Speaker, during an earlier period of my life, I put my body, my heart and my soul on the line to increase participation of all people in the political process. From the sit-ins to the Freedom Rides to the March on Washington, to the March from Selma to Montgomery, I and thousands of others worked for the civil rights of all Americans. We wanted to make one man, one vote--one woman, one vote--a reality. This was our cause.  In the history of our nation, we were not alone. Time and again, ordinary American citizens have risen in defense of one person, one vote. From the Minutemen at Lexington and Concord to Abraham Lincoln--from Susan B. Anthony to Viola Liuzzo--from Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., to James Chaney, Andy Goodman and Mickey Schwerner . . . people have given their heart, their soul--and often their lives--so that all Americans could vote.  We have all come a long way. The Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution first stated that all people are created equal, and that they are endowed with certain inalienable rights. The Thirteenth, Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments to our Constitution, the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act have ensured that all Americans can exercise their right to vote. Motor Voter guarantees that they will.  Too many people, especially the young and the poor, are sitting on the sidelines. They have not registered to vote. They are not going to the ballot box. We must encourage all Americans to vote. We all must be involved. For people not to register--for people to refuse to participate in the political process--is dangerous to the health of our country.  Despite our proud democratic history--despite the obvious success of Motor Voter, certain Members of this body want to repeal Motor Voter. They want us to take a step back in history--a step away from having a truly democratic society. We must not let this happen.  Why do so many of my colleagues want to repeal Motor Voter? Why do they want to make it harder for people to vote? What do they fear? That people will vote? That people will get involved? That we will expand democracy?  This is what Motor Voter does. It makes it easier for all Americans to participate in our democratic process. Motor Voter opens up the process--it makes it easier for people to come in, to participate. Registering to vote is as simple as renewing your driver's license.  The more people vote--the more people become involved--the more government becomes responsive to the people. Each and every citizen has the power to hold their elected officials accountable. [[Page H5565]]   When people do not vote, they forfeit their power--they silence their own voices. They say ``I do not care.''  How can so many Members of Congress continue to oppose Motor Voter? They say it is an unfunded mandate--an unfunded mandate. My Colleagues, if telling states to register voters is an unfunded mandate, it's a mandate as old as the Constitution.  Read article I, section 4 of the Constitution. ``The times, places and manner of holding elections for Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature thereof; but Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations.''  My Colleagues, our Constitution is not just another unfunded mandate. We cannot put a price tag on political participation. We cannot put a price on democracy.  Despite the opposition, despite the attempts to make it harder for Americans to vote, I am heartened by all that Motor Voter has accomplished in three short months. We must encourage people to become involved--to stand up and speak out--to vote. We must continue to support Motor Voter.  Now, Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to yield to the gentlewoman from the State of Georgia, the gentlewoman from the great State of Georgia [Ms. McKinney].  Ms. McKINNEY. Congressman Lewis, I just want to commend you for remembering the importance of motor voter to our democracy, and I cannot help but think about I have a 9-year-old son, and I buy books. The most recent book that I purchased for him was a pictorial of the civil rights movement. It has got all of these wonderful, glorious, and infamous pictures about the dogs, and the water hoses, and Bull Connor, and this is a legacy of this country.  This is also a legacy of our quest for real and true democracy. You were there. You saw it. I can only rewalk your footsteps. I can only go back and see where you were 30 years ago at Edmund Pettis Bridge and recall in my own new way the contributions of Goodwin, Chaney and Schwerner, and Viola Liuzzo, and, when I go to Montgomery, I never go there without passing by the civil rights memorial at Morris Deze's Southern Poverty Law Center.  We have some of our colleagues here who participated in that struggle for American democracy. Bob Filner is one who serves in Congress with us now who was there with the Freedom Riders fighting for a more perfect democracy.  I have a question for you. You have a story that you tell about the man with a cattle prod in his hand, and for our viewers tonight I just would like for you to retell that story because this is a part of our history, and this is a history that we cannot forget; lest we forget, we will surely allow those enemies of democracy who want to restrict the American people's right to vote to wane. So please tell the story.  