Thank you very much for those kind words and for participating in this special order tonight.  Miss COLLINS of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, the absolute need for the motor-voter law is clear. Without it, millions of American voters will continue to be denied equal access to the franchise by a bureaucratic opposition that simply does not make sense. Without it, millions of Americans will remain voteless, and voteless people are powerless people.  Like the Voting Rights Act, a thirty-year old success story itself, this new law has clearly begun to eclipse the barriers and the lingering legacy of voting booth exclusion that have had a ``chilling'' effect on the political participation of African-Americans and other ethnic minorities in this country.  The motor-voter law is already a striking success in some states where discriminatory and unfair registration laws and procedures once prevailed. In states like Texas, Florida, and Georgia--where the history of voting discrimination has been most egregious--more than 200,000 previously unregistered voters have gained new opportunities to register to vote, at motor vehicle departments, public assistance offices, mental health and disability agencies, and by mail.  Instead of mouthing platitudes about democracy, we in this body ought to feel more compelled to make democracy a reality. But the truth is, until every American citizen has one-hundred percent, undeniable access to the ballot box, Democracy will be little more than an illusion. Democracy, it is said, is a ``collectivity'' of individuals. But there can be no democracy when millions of Americans remain shut out of the Democratic process.  Mr. Speaker, making voting more accessible to the public is not a partisan issue. In fact, Mr. Gingrich himself has said that ``it is simply good public policy.''  Voting is the linchpin of American Democracy. Registering to vote should be as convenient as applying for a library card, or filling out a tax return. The costs of the motor-voter law are minimal, especially when considering the payoff in increased citizen participation.  Even my own home state of Michigan is now resisting this great effort to eliminate the final barriers to full enfranchisement, and of this I am ashamed. Mr. Speaker, it is a national disgrace if America is permitted to return to its darkest period, when millions of citizens were systematically denied equal access to the franchise, and ultimately their power to govern. It is a disgrace that this country simply cannot afford.  