Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to the Republican Medicare plan. I rise to tell you there is another way, a better way. We Democrats have a plan. We save the Medicare trust fund, and we do it without hurting the poor, the sick, and the elderly.  How can we do it? We can do it because we do not pay for tax breaks for the rich. There is only so much money--you can either use it to help the sick and the elderly or you can give it to the rich. My Republican colleagues may say whatever they wish, but the truth is that these very large--these huge Medicare cuts are needed to pay for their tax breaks for the rich.  The Republicans say they want to help Medicare. But what they do is different. Thirty years ago, the Democrats created Medicare and the Republicans voted against it.  Two years ago, Democrats passed a bill that helped the Medicare trust fund. Every Republican voted no.  Earlier this year. the Republicans took $87 billion from the Medicare trust fund. Today, they want to cut an additional $270 billion.  They voted against Medicare 30 years ago, and they are voting against it again today. My colleagues, actions speak louder than words, and the Republican actions are loud and clear.  The Republicans did not want Medicare 30 years ago and they want to dismantle it now.  I do not believe that we must destroy Medicare to save it. Democrats do not raise premiums for seniors. Democrats ensure that Medicare is there for our families, for our children, for our grandchildren, and their children.  Under their plan, the Republicans eliminate nursing home standards. Poor seniors lose help for copayments and deductibles.  Under the Republican plan, the rich get tax cuts, and our Nation's elderly and hard-working families get higher Medicare bills. It's a scam, a sham, and a shame. I know it. You know it. Now the American people know it.  Mr. Chairman, on this day, October 19, let the word go forth from this place into every State, every city, every town, every village, every hamlet that it was the Republicans who voted to cut Medicare--they voted to cut Medicare by $270 billion in order to give a $245 billion tax break to the wealthy. The Republican plan is too much, too radical, too extreme.  We have more than a legislative responsibility to oppose this Republican plan. We have a mandate, a mission, and a moral obligation to protect Medicare.  This vote--this debate is about something much bigger than one vote. It is bigger than one bill. It is about two contracts, the Republican contact with the rich, and the Democratic contract with the American people--Medicare. Medicare is a contract--a sacred trust with our Nation's seniors and our Nation's hard-working families.  My fellow Americans, remember--it was the Democrats who found the courage and the strength to provide health care to our seniors, and it is the Democrats who will preserve it for unborn generations.  We must not and will not break the contract with America's seniors and families. I urge my colleagues to support the Democratic alternative and oppose the Republican plan to cut Medicare.  