Mr. Speaker, I urge may colleagues to support the peace agreement between the warring parties of Bosnia. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God.  This was not an easy decision for the President. This is not an easy vote for any of us. It is not popular, and it is not easy. But we are leaders. We are not called to do what is popular, to put our fingers to the wind is blowing. Our mission, our responsibility is to do what is right.  For 3 years, we have heard the cries of anguish from the people of Bosnia. We have been deeply troubled by the accounts of rape, torture, and murder. We wanted to help stop the violence, stop the fighting. But we did not want to get involved in a war that seemed to have no end.  But now--finally--we have an opportunity to support peace. This mission is not for war. It is not Vietnam. It is a mission to uphold the peace.  Only yesterday, the Prime Minister of Israel thanked America for leading the way. For fighting fascism and championing democracy. He urged us to continue our leadership, not just in the Middle East, but elsewhere, in places where our leadership--American leadership--can make a difference. America has always stood for peace and freedom because it is right.  If we fail to act, we lose our moral compass. We lose our sense of purpose, our sense of direction as a great nation.  We now live in a global village. What happens in Bosnia affects people in Boston, in Chicago, in Detroit and in Atlanta.  But I believe--I truly believe--we cannot, we must not stand idly by. To do so would undermine our position in NATO and throughout the world. Our involvement can make the difference between war and peace, between death and life.  How in God's name can we stand by? We have seen the ethnic cleansing, the slaughter of young children, and the rape of women. More than 250,000 people have lost their lives. More than 2 million people have been uprooted and made refugees.  If we fail to respond to the Macedonian call--to lend a helping hand for those in trouble--then the cycle of violence will continue.  At long last, we can make a difference--to give peace a chance. I plead with you my colleagues--stand with us. Stand with our troops. Stand up for what is right and just. Support our mission for peace. Oppose this amendment, support Hamilton.  Blessed are the peacemakers, Mr. Speaker, for they shall be called the children of God.  