Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment.  Our flag is a powerful symbol. It represents the freedoms and individual liberty that make the United States the greatest democracy on earth. It makes me sick to see any person burn our flag.  But I am appalled when I hear my colleagues try to tell that person that he or she cannot burn the flag.  I would say to my colleagues the right to desecrate our flag is protected by the most important document in our country--the Bill of Rights.  There would be no United States of America without the Bill of Rights. The States refused to join the union until they were assured that the rights of our citizens would be protected.  And what is the first freedom guaranteed in the Bill of Rights? Freedom of speech. The freedom to disagree. The freedom to have political beliefs--and to express those beliefs publicly and openly.  More than any other freedom, this is what makes our country great.  Our freedom, our individual rights and liberties, are what our flag represents. When we deny our citizens the right to desecrate the flag, we diminish these freedoms. When we diminish our freedoms, we diminish our flag, our country, and ourselves.  Our flag, while a great symbol, is still just a symbol--a symbol of our rights and freedom. What is worse, destroying a flag, or destroying the liberty that flag represents?  Mr. Speaker, we must not choose the symbol over the real thing. This resolution is an affront to the flag. It is an affront to the Bill of Rights. This amendment will do more to desecrate the flag than any bonfire--or any protest.  If Old Glory would speak, she would cry for us. She would weep.  Old Glory is strong. She has stood the test of time. She has stood the test of the Civil War, World War I, World War II, and Vietnam. Old Glory does not need 435 Members of Congress to defend her. She is not crying out for our help.  I urge each and every one of you to look within yourself, to stand up for freedom. Show the world that the United States is, indeed, the greatest Nation on earth.  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote against this amendment--it is the only way, the sure way, to protect our flag.  