Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I first want to express my deep appreciation to my colleagues who have worked so hard on this matter, a very critical issue to America's future ability to not just defend itself, but to represent freedom and peace in the free world. I especially want to stress my appreciation to my colleague, the gentleman from California [Buck McKeon] who has taken the lead on this work from our perspective, and has done a fantastic job of finding out where the votes really are.  The issue before us will close the B-2 line forever, Mr. Chairman. That is the heart of my concern. I strongly oppose this effort. The advent of stealth has revolutionized the way we think about air warfare, an important facet of our Nation's defense. The B-2 is far and away the most advanced weapon system this world has ever seen. The value of this new stealth capability was evident in the gulf war with the F-117. The F-117 production line is already closed. The B-2 bomber takes this technology one major step further.  The B-2 can fly six times farther than the F-117, carry eight times more precision payload, and destroys targets with greater accuracy than any other aircraft that the world has ever seen. For example, a force with 30 B-2's loaded with modern weapons could have engaged as many targets on the first day of the Persian Gulf war as the 1,263 aircraft that were used. This is an amazing fact. The B-2 will save lives as well as money. It will conserve resources in the long run and will create a capability that the U.S. military forces alone will have, and that we desperately will need.  This body has always followed the philosophy that U.S. soldiers, sailors, and airmen must be sent in harm's way fully prepared and equipped for victory. Now is not the time to reverse that philosophy. The citizens of our Nation will not stand for more Scott O'Gradys.  As we continue to close bases around the world, we need the power projection which the B-2 gives us. The B-2 can be almost anywhere in the world in 12 hours.  Several opponents have cited a severely flawed GAO study, stating that the B-2 can't operate in a rainstorm or is not as stealthy as reported. I was pleased to see Secretary Kaminski strongly refute each point in that study. We heard that the draft was not even reviewed by the GAO's chief scientist before it was leaked to the press.  Secretary Kaminski stated in his rebuttal:       The radar is performing in rain as expected during this      stage of its development. There is no indication that the      radar's performance while flying through rain will not fully      meet requirements.       Testing to date has not identified any areas that will      prevent the B-2 from meeting its operational stealth      requirements.       The detectability and survivability testing completed to      date has been entirely successful in confirming expected B-2      performance.  Even General Horner who was in charge of air operations during the Persian Gulf war states that the ``delivered B-2 aircraft have demonstrated, without qualification, that the B-2 is a superb weapon system--performing even better than expected.''  As a member of the Intelligence Committee and the Appropriations Subcommittee that handles Defense, I could never in good conscience vote to close the only bomber production line in this country, especially one as advanced as the B-2.  Proponents of this amendment state that we can't afford to keep the only bomber production line in this Nation open. Let me assure you, for our sons and daughters, our grandchildren and great-grandchildren, for pilots like Scott O'Grady, we can't afford not to. Vote ``no'' on the Obey-Dellums-Kasich amendment.  