Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this mean-spirited Republican bill. It is cruel. It is wrong. It is down right low down.  The Republican welfare proposal destroys the safety net that protects our Nation's children, elderly, and disabled. It is an angry proposal, a proposal devoid of compassion, and feeling.  Hubert Humphrey once said that ``the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life-the children; those who are in twilight of life--the elderly, and those who are in the shadow of life--the sick, the needy, and the handicapped.''  Mr. Chairman, this welfare proposal attacks each and every one of these groups. It takes money out of the pockets of the disabled. It takes heat from the homes of the poor. It takes food out of the mouths of the children.  I am reminded of a quote by the great theologian, Martin Niemoller, during World War II:       In Germany, they came fist for the Communists, and I didn't      speak up because I wasn't a Communist. Then they came for the      Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew. Then they      came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I      wasn't a trade unionist. Then they came for the Catholics,      and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant. Then they      came for me, and by that time no one was left to speak up.  Mr. Chairman, this Republican proposal certainly isn't the Holocaust. But I am concerned, and I must speak up.  I urge my colleagues, open your eyes. Read the proposal. Read the small print. Read the Republican contract.  They are coming for the children. They are coming for the poor. They are coming for the sick, the elderly, and the disabled. This is the Contract With America.  I say to my colleagues--you have the ability, the capacity, the power--to stop this onslaught. Your voice is your vote. Vote against this mean-spirited proposal; raise your voice for the children, the poor, and the disabled.  A famous rabbi, Rabbi Hillel, once asked, ``If I am not for myself, who will be for me? But if I am only for myself, what am I?''  What am I, Mr. Chairman?  I am for those in the dawn of life, the children. I am for those in the twilight of life, the elderly. I am for those in the shadow of life, the sick, the needy and the handicapped.  [[Page H3359]] Yes, I am proud to be a liberal Democrat. I stand with the people and not for corporate interests.  