President, today the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously reported S. Res. 537 to the Senate floor. In recognition of those officers who lost their lives in 2007, the full Senate has now passed this resolution. I thank Senators Specter, Kennedy, Durbin, Kohl, Feinstein, Schumer, Hatch, Whitehouse, Biden, Cardin, and Baucus for joining me in sponsoring this resolution. And I thank the full Senate for showing its strong support and appreciation of America's law enforcement officers by unanimously passing this resolution. It is something in which we can all take pride.  Last year, in 2007, 181 law enforcement officers died while serving in the line of duty. That is a regrettable and significant increase from just 1 year earlier. Tragically, it is the most line-of-duty deaths since 2001 and the losses from September 11 of that year. The magnitude of this loss should remove any doubts in Congress that it is necessary to give these men and women everything they need to stay safe, and to do their jobs as effectively as they can.  Currently, more than 900,000 men and women who guard our communities do so at great risk. Since the first recorded police death in 1792, there have been more than 18,200 law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice. There is lots of talk about the war on crime. Our law enforcement officers are all too often the casualties in that effort, and the officers who lost their lives in 2007 are a stark reminder that we must not let up in our support of those who work day-in and day-out in the service of their communities and fellow citizens.  I also take this opportunity to recognize that the names of 358 fallen officers will be added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial on May 13 during a candlelight vigil that will be held in their honor. These are officers from the past and present whose memory will be preserved at the memorial, ensuring that their bravery and sacrifice will not be forgotten.  National Peace Officers Memorial Day provides the people of the United States, in their communities, in their State capitals, and in the Nation's Capital, with the opportunity to honor and reflect on the extraordinary service and sacrifice given year after year by those members of our police forces. More than 20,000 peace officers are expected to gather in Washington in the days leading up to May 15, to join with the families of their fallen comrades. It is right that the Senate show its respect on this occasion, and I thank all Senators for joining me in honoring their service and their memory by approving this bipartisan resolution.  