President, tomorrow, the country will commemorate Missing Children's Day. Ceremonies at the Department of Justice and elsewhere will remember our commitment to work together in locating and recovering missing children. I am proud that today, Congress has also realized its obligation to our Nation's children by passing the Protecting Our Children Comes First Act of 2007, which takes important steps toward this goal.  For more than 5 months, one Senator has prevented this important legislation from becoming law. This is regrettable. The authorization for National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, NCMEC, and all that it does to help children and families expires at the end of this fiscal year. This is a bill that passed the House by a vote of 408 to 3. There were 95 cosponsors in the House, both Democrats and Republicans. I introduced a Senate companion bill with Senator Hatch, Senator Landrieu, and Senator Shelby last summer. The Senator Judiciary Committee considered and reported our Senate bill, S. 1829, last December. We have been trying to pass it in the Senate ever since. I am glad the objecting Senator has reconsidered his hold on this legislation. The National Center will now have the security of being able to plan and to maintain their services and staff for the future.  It pains us all to see photo after photo of missing children from all around our country. As a father and grandfather, I can imagine that an abducted child is any parent's worst nightmare. Unfortunately, it is a nightmare that happens all too often. Indeed, the Justice Department estimates that 2,200 children are reported missing each day. There are approximately 114,600 attempted stranger abductions every year, with 3,000 to 5,000 of those attempts succeeding. These families need the assistance of the American people and a helping hand from Congress.  The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children spearheads national efforts to locate and recover missing children and raises public awareness about ways to prevent child abduction, molestation, and sexual exploitation. Further, NCMEC works to make our children safer by acting as a national voice and advocate for those too young to vote or speak up for their own rights.  The national center's professionals have busy, stressful and important jobs. They have worked on more than 127,700 cases of missing and exploited children since the national center's 1984 founding, helping to recover more than 110,200 children. The national center reports that it raised its recovery rate from 64 percent in the 1990s to 96 percent today. It has set up three nationwide tip lines: a toll free, 24-hour telephone hotline to take reports about missing children and clues that might lead to their recovery; a national child pornography tipline to handle calls from individuals reporting the sexual exploitation of children through the production and distribution of pornography; and a cybertipline to process online leads from individuals reporting the sexual exploitation of children. The national center has taken the lead in circulating millions of photographs of missing children, and it serves as a vital resource for the 17,000 law enforcement agencies throughout the Nation who are one the frontlines in the search for missing children and in the pursuit of adequate child protection.  The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children manages to do all of this good work with an annual DOJ grant, which is set to expire after fiscal year 2008. It is important to act now to extend its authorization so that it can continue to help keep children safe and families intact around our Nation. We should continue to do everything we can to protect our children and I thank my friends on both sides of the aisle for joining me in this effort.  