Presdient, I am glad the Senate is moving forward today by passing a bill to reauthorize funding to provide legal support to victims of crime through Crime Victims Legal Assistance Programs. I was proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill. Too often, survivors who have been victims of crimes are left without recourse and legal assistance. This bill will help ensure that their needs are not forgotten. It is vitally important that we continue to recognize the needs of crime victims and their family members and work together to promote victims' rights and services.  We have been able to make some progress during the past 27 years to provide victims with greater rights and assistance. In particular, I was honored to support the passage of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984, VOCA, Public Law 98-473, which established the Crime Victims Fund. The Crime Victims Fund allows the Federal Government to provide grants to State crime victim compensation programs, direct victim assistance services, and services to victims of Federal crimes. Nearly 90 percent of the Crime Victims Fund is used to award victim assistance formula grants and provide State crime victim compensation. These VOCA-funded victim assistance programs serve nearly four million crime victims each year, including victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, child abuse, elder abuse, and drunk driving, as well as survivors of homicide victims. Our VOCA-funded compensation programs have helped hundreds of thousands of victims of violent crime.  The Crime Victims Fund is the Nation's premier vehicle for supporting victims' services. It is important to understand that the Crime Victims Fund does not receive a dime from tax revenue or appropriated funding. Instead, it is made up of criminal fines, forfeited bail bonds, penalties, and special assessments.  In 1995, after the Oklahoma City bombing, I proposed and Congress passed the Victims of Terrorism Act of 1995. Among other important matters, this legislation authorized the Office for Victims of Crime at the Department of Justice to set aside an emergency reserve as part of the Crime Victims Fund to serve as a ``rainy day'' resource to supplement compensation and assistance grants to States to provide emergency relief in the wake of an act of terrorism or mass violence that might otherwise overwhelm the resources of a State's crime victims compensation program and crime victims assistance services.  We also enacted, as part of the Justice for All Act of 2004, Federal rights for victims. In the Scott Campbell, Stephanie Roper, Wendy Preston, Louarna Gillis, and Nila Lynn Crime Victims' Rights Act, we expressly provided for the right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court proceeding; the right not to be excluded from any such public court proceeding; the right to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding involving release, plea, sentencing, or parole; the reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the Government in the case; the right to full and timely restitution as provided in law; the right to proceedings free from unreasonable delay; and the right to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and privacy. I wrote a letter to Attorney General Mukasey in June to ask what the Justice Department has done to ensure that family members of 9/11 victims are afforded the same level of respect as the 9/11 court and military commission proceedings and move forward.  Since fiscal year 2000, Congress has set a cap on annual obligations from the Crime Victims Fund. I have worked to ensure that the cap has never resulted in resources being lost to the Crime Victims Fund. I believe we need to increase the cap. With the failure of the Bush administration crime prevention policies, crime began to rise under Attorney General Gonzales. Crime victims, the States, and service providers need more assistance.  Instead of taking that salutary action, the Bush administration is proposing to raid the Crime Victims Fund and zero it out. The future of the Crime Victims Fund is in danger because the Bush administration has proposed rescinding all amounts remaining in the Crime Victims Fund at the end of fiscal year 2009--just cleaning it out and leaving the cupboard bare. That would leave the Crime Victims Fund with a zero balance going into fiscal year 2010 and create a disastrous situation for providers of victims' services. That is wrong.  Over the last few years, we have successfully blocked the Bush administration's past attempts to raid the Crime Victims Fund. This is not a cache of money from which this administration should try to reduce the budget deficits it has created. This administration has turned a $5 trillion budget surplus into a $9.4 trillion debt. Its annual deficits run into the hundreds of millions. It is wrong to try to pay for its failed fiscal policies by emptying out the Crime Victims Fund. These resources are set aside to assist victims of crime.  In order to preserve the Crime Victims Fund once again, Senator Crapo and I, as well as 25 other Senators, sent a letter on April 4, 2008, to the Senate Appropriations Committee asking that the committee oppose the administration's proposal to empty the Crime Victims Fund. We asked the committee, instead, to permit unobligated funds to remain in the Crime Victims Fund, in accordance with current law, to be used for needed programs and services that are so important to victims of crime in the years ahead.  The Judiciary Committee has worked hard this Congress to pass legislation that protects victims of Crime. This week the Senate unanimously reauthorized the Debbie Smith DNA backlog grant program, which helps forensic labs keep up with the increasing demand for DNA analysis. The Debbie Smith DNA backlog grant program has given States help they desperately needed, and continue to need, to carry out DNA analyses of backlogged evidence, particularly rape kits. It has provided a strong starting point in addressing this serious problem, but much work remains to be done before we conquer these inexcusable backlogs. I was pleased to work with Debbie Smith and Senator Biden to pass the reauthorization.  I am also proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation. This bill will help victims of crime by reauthorizing funding for essential programs such as the Victim Notification System, which is run by the Department of Justice, and programs that provide legal counsel and support services for victims in criminal cases.  We need to renew our national commitment to crime victims. I am glad the Senate has passed this important bill today, and I hope that the House will move on this legislation swiftly.  