President, in January 2005, Senator Hatch and I wrote to the Register of Copyrights out of a concern that the length of copyright terms was having an unintended consequence of creating a class of ``orphan works''--works that may be protected by copyright, but whose owners cannot be identified or located. Creative works are collecting dust because those who would like to bring them to light are respectful of the copyright laws and will not use those works if they cannot locate the owners. This unfortunate situation is keeping creative and cultural works from the public, and does not advance the purpose of the copyright laws.  Today, the Senate completes work on legislation I introduced along with Senator Hatch to remedy this situation. The Shawn Bentley Orphan Works Act of 2008 is designed to enable use of works whose copyright status and ownership is uncertain without the user facing prohibitive statutory damages.  The act does not dramatically restructure current copyright law--it does not impose new registration requirements, nor does it provide for a transfer of copyright ownership or rights. The bill simply provides for a limitation on remedies in discrete, limited circumstances in which, among other things, the owner of the work is not locatable. Any infringer who wishes to use an orphan works limitation on remedies must perform a diligent search in good faith, document that search, and, in the event that the owner emerges, negotiate with the copyright owner in good faith regarding reasonable compensation. If any of these conditions, or others set forth in the bill, is not met, the limitation on remedies is unavailable and an infringer faces the full statutory damages as well as costs and attorney's fees.  At its core, the bill seeks to unite users and copyright owners, and to ensure that copyright owners are compensated for the use of their works. It does not create any orphans, and it does not create a license to infringe. By providing an incentive to search, in the form of a limitation on remedies, more users will find more owners; more works otherwise hidden will be used; and more copyright owners will receive compensation. The Shawn Bentley Orphan Works Act will thus allow the public to enjoy works that are currently left unseen and unused. I hope the House can take up this measure, and send it to the President for signature.  