President, I am pleased that the Senate has acted unanimously today to reauthorize the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program. This measure marks the fifth time that I have had the privilege of working to reauthorize this life-saving Federal grant program. I first worked with Senator Campbell 10 years ago to author the Bulletproof Vest Grant Partnership Act of 1998, which responded to the tragic Carl Drega shootout in 1997 on the Vermont-New Hampshire border, in which two state troopers who did not have bulletproof vests were killed. The Federal officers who responded to the shooting spree were equipped with life-saving body armor, but the State and local law enforcement officers lacked protective vests because of the cost.  In 2007, as a result of the Bulletproof Vest Grant Program, jurisdictions across the country received over $28 million in Federal funds, which were used to purchase more than 180,000 armor vests. Between 1999 and 2007, $234 million has gone to the States and has assisted in the purchase of an estimated 818,044 vests. It gives me a great sense of pride to know that the law we enacted is having a real impact in directly supporting the safety and security of American law enforcement officers.  In May, the Judiciary Committee held an important hearing and learned just how crucial this program has been to our law enforcement officers. Lieutenant Michael Macarilla with the Vermont State Police testified about how valuable this program is to small jurisdictions in Vermont, which often operate on very tight budgets. And Detective David Azur of the Baltimore Police Department testified about his experience of being shot at point-blank range and surviving because he waswearing a bulletproof vest. His testimony left no doubt that this is an issue of life and death.  Just this week we were reminded again of the importance of bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers. A police officer in Alexandria, VA, Kyle Russell was shot in the chest during a traffic stop. According to Chief David Baker of the Alexandria Police, Officer Russell's vest saved his life. What was a very tragic situation was prevented from being made worse due to Officer Russell's bulletproof vest. This event, in a city close to the Nation's Capitol, should be another reminder to Members of Congress about why this program is so important. Where Congress can help State and local jurisdictions equip their officers, there should be no hesitation to do so.  I regret that due to objections we were not able to include with the reauthorization a waiver system for those jurisdictions that have suffered a natural disaster or severe budget shortfalls. The waiver would have given those jurisdictions a way to keep their officers protected, regardless of whether they can meet the law's matching requirement. The waiver legislation also would provide authority to the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance at the Justice Department to waive the grant program's matching requirement in cases of fiscal hardship. If a jurisdiction cannot meet this requirement, it is unlikely it can afford to purchase vests on its own. I hope the next Congress will be allowed to consider these important provisions. I do not wish to return to the days when law enforcement officers were required to purchase their own vests, or simply go without. With tighter budgets and a troubled economy, it makes sense to give the Bureau of Justice Assistance the authority and the flexibility to ensure that no jurisdiction is excluded from such critical assistance simply because it can't afford to meet the matching requirements.  We know that body armor saves lives, but the cost has put these vests out of the reach of many of the officers who need them. This program makes it more affordable for police departments of all sizes. Few things mean more to me than when I meet Vermont police officers and they tell me that the protective vests they wear were made possible because of this program. This is the least we should do for the officers on the front lines who put themselves in danger for us every day. I want to make sure that every police officer who needs a bulletproof vest gets one.  We do not thank our Nation's law enforcement officers enough for the sacrifices they make in order to protect all of us. But the actions the Senate has taken today in passing this legislation is a strong step forward in demonstrating Congress' commitment to supporting the men and women who serve us so well. I hope the President will quickly sign this reauthorization into law.  