President, I realize we earlier thought we might vote at 12:30 p.m. That has been put off to a little later. I wish to talk about the pending amendment to the Consumer Product Safety Commission Reform Act. I am very worried about it. It would tie the hands of State attorneys general who seek to protect their citizens from harmful products.  I see the distinguished chairman on the floor. He was an attorney general. He knows what is involved in these areas. I applaud his efforts for including in the legislation the power for State attorneys general to enforce consumer product safety violations. As a former prosecutor and as one who watches how carefully anything such as this is done in my home State of Vermont, I certainly do not want us to gut that important enforcement provision by immunizing corporate bad actors for the reasonable costs and fees it takes State attorneys general to bring these actions. States are not rolling in money, but they expect their attorneys general to protect them. If wrongdoers have to pay part of that cost, so be it.  If we strike line 5, 6, and 7 of the pending bill, we immunize corporate bad actors. I don't think any of us should have to go home and tell our legislatures: Boy, we just gutted the ability of our State attorney general to do something, and if he does do something, we want to hit you with a higher bill than you would have paid otherwise.  I understand Senator Cornyn's floor statement in support of his amendment mentioned nothing about reasonable fees and costs incurred by the offices of State attorneys general. Rather, he focused on contingency fee agreements that some attorneys general have decided to make with private lawyers to enforce laws.  Setting aside the contingency fee argument for a moment, I wish to highlight that his amendment would do more than just micromanage the types of staffing decisions State attorneys general enter into. I am always somewhat nonplused to hear Members say how we have to get the Federal Government off our backs and let our States make the determination, that Washington doesn't know best, that our State capitals, legislatures, and Governors have a better idea how to do things, and then all of a sudden bring in amendments that would just run roughshod over our 50 States, would relegate our State Governors and legislators to the dustbin.  We should not strike the lines of this bipartisan legislation that make corporations found liable for violating consumer laws responsible for reasonable costs and fees incurred by States. We do this in private litigation all the time. If you have somebody who has violated the law, they ought to pay the costs and not ask the taxpayers to pay the costs for the violators.  