President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Maryland, who has been a tremendous help and a key member of our committee.  As I said before, if Judge Haynes is confirmed today, the Fifth Circuit will have no vacancies. We have proceeded despite the fact that 12 of the 16 active judges on this court have been appointed by Republican Presidents. I did this notwithstanding the fact that Republicans blocked President Clinton's nominees. Judge Jorge Rangel, of Texas, Enrique Moreno, of Texas, and Alston Johnson, of Louisiana were all blocked. They were told they could not even have hearings because it was a Democratic President. We have not done that. Every one of these circuit court nominees has had a hearing and a vote. In fact, I have held hearings on all six of the Fifth Circuit nominees of this President during my chairmanship. With today's vote, the Senate will have voted on all of them.  Just understand this: Republicans would not hold hearings on President Clinton's nominees to that circuit. I have held hearings on them, and we have voted on them all. And we will hear these crocodile tears on the other side that: Oh, woe is me, we are not getting any circuit judges. Well, most of the time I have ignored it because it has been such balderdash that it is hard to think that anybody would believe it. But just in case somebody has been fooled by it, I thought we would put the numbers in the Record.  In fact, vacancies on the Fifth Circuit are at an alltime low--zero after today. Contrast this with the situation during the Clinton years, when the Chief Judge of the Fifth Circuit declared a circuit emergency because Republicans were pocket filibustering all of President Clinton's nominees. That circuit-wide emergency was due to multiple, simultaneous vacancies caused by the fact that the Republican-led Senate would not act on the nominees of a Democratic President.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that, without losing my right to the floor, I be allowed to yield to the distinguished majority leader.  