President, at the very beginning of the 110th Congress, I joined with Senators Reid, Specter, Feinstein, and Cornyn to pass legislation to authorize a cost-of-living adjustment, COLA, for the salaries of U.S. Justices and judges for fiscal year 2007. Now as we wrap up this session, we are again compelled to take remedial action, because a COLA for our Federal judiciary was not included in the continuing resolution for fiscal year 2009.  Earlier today, we attempted to pass a bipartisan bill to repeal the section of the U.S. Code that is a barrier to Federal judges receiving an automatic cost-of-living adjustment. The Administrative Office of the United States Courts notes that when adjusted for inflation the pay rate for Federal judges has declined by 25 percent since 1969. In 1975, Congress enacted the Executive Salary Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act, intended to give judges, Members of Congress, and other high-ranking executive branch officials automatic COLAs as accorded other Federal employees unless rejected by Congress. However, in 1981, Congress enacted section 140 of Public Law 97-92, mandating specific congressional action to give COLAs to judges. This action has resulted in judges failing to receive a cost-of-living adjustment when other Federal employees have received one. Unfortunately, there was an objection on the other side of the aisle that prevented passage of the measure to repeal this antiquated section and to ensure that the wages of our Federal judges can keep up with inflation.  The bipartisan legislation we are now trying to move provides a COLA for Federal judges consistent with the law and with fairness. I hope that this measure, providing judges with a COLA for fiscal year 2009, can pass by both sides of the aisle by unanimous consent. I had sincerely hoped that we could have passed a more comprehensive judicial pay bill this Congress given all the work we dedicated to the issue in the Judiciary Committees of both the Senate and the House of Representatives but at a minimum we should not allow judicial salaries to slip even further behind.  