President, I had hoped that before the Senate we not would hear unfair criticism leveled at Judge White. Last month, Senator Brownback publicly apologized for his actions at her confirmation hearing, and I commended him for doing so. After Judge White answered the scores of time-consuming questions Republicans sent to her and the committee had received the updated ABA ratings emphasized so much by Republicans in connection with these nominations, I hoped we could move forward with this in a consensus fashion. It is disappointing that some still seem bent on grasping at straws to criticize Judge White, applying a different standard from that which they used to evaluate other Bush judicial nominees.  Judge Helene White has served on the Michigan Court of Appeals for the past 15 years, having been elected by the people of Michigan in 1992. Before that she served for a dozen years on the Wayne County Circuit Court, the Common Pleas Court for the city of Detroit, and the 36th District Court of Michigan. She is described on the Bush White House Web site as ``an experienced and highly qualified judge, who is known for her intellect, work ethic, and demeanor.''  Judge White has been now been nominated by Presidents from both parties, by a Democratic President and by a Republic President. She has served as a Michigan State court judge for more than 25 years. In addition, she has been active as a member of the legal community and of community organizations including COTS, Coalition on Temporary Shelter; JVS, Jewish Vocational Services; and the Metropolitan Detroit Young Women's Christian Association. She should be a consensus confirmation.  Oddly, Republican attacks on Judge White have focused on what they term a lack of experience. Somehow, someone who has been a respected appellate judge for 15 years, who has served as a judge for well over 25 years, and who the ABA rates as well qualified for the Federal circuit court , is in their view not ``experienced'' enough to be a Federal appellate court judge.  Some Senators suggested that her lack of experience with specific Federal issues that never come before even the most experienced State judge was a problem. They ignore the fact that judges always have to learn new areas of the law as new cases come before them, and no one is better prepared to do that than an experienced jurist like Judge White.  Indeed, Mr. Kethledge, President Bush's youthful nominee to the other vacancy on the Sixth Circuit, was gracious enough to concede at the hearing that he, too, lacked experience in the same specific areas of Federal law. Yet his qualifications have not been in called into question by Republican Senators. Judge White has served as a Michigan State appellate court judge longer than Mr. Kethledge has been out of law school, but some are questioning her experience while embracing his relatively lack of experience.  With these criticisms, Republicans risk turning back the clock to before the confirmation of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who herself had been a State legislator and State judge. Justice O'Connor was not experienced in deciding Federal law issues before her confirmation as the first female justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. I think we can agree that she nonetheless served the Nation well in that capacity.  Should we conclude from the Republic attacks that no State court judge can be confirmed to sit on a Federal court? Certainly Jennifer Elrod, a State court judge with far less experience than Judge White, who the Senate confirmed to the Fifth Circuit late last year, was not held to that standard by the Republicans. Indeed, recall what Senator Cornyn said about her nomination: ``I would point out that when it comes to experience, most of us, when we apply for a new job, or a nominee, have rarely done that job before. So the question is not whether you have actually done that job before, it's whether you are likely to do a good job, if confirmed.''  Others have pointed to a handful cases in which Judge White was on a panel decision that was reversed. This handful of cases comes from 4,300 cases she heard on the bench. These were cases in which Judge White joined a unanimous panel of her court or in oneinstance where she agreed with the rest of the court on the law and differed only on the facts. More to the point, they were cases of such limited precedential value that the decisions were not even published. When asked about each case, Judge White testified that she accepted the Michigan Supreme Court's decision as correct. I hope that in a long career spanning thousands of decisions, she will not be judged by a few unremarkable cases. Republicans have certainly asked us not to focus on a small handful of cases decided by other Bush nominees, even when the cases in question were far more noteworthy.  Republicans have simply not been able to point to anything in Judge White's long and distinguished career that should disqualify her or even justify a negative vote. It is unfortunate that some Republicans seem to be trying so hard to find reasons not to support this particular nominee.  I hope that Republican and Democratic Senators will join together to support her nomination and the entire package of Michigan nominations that President Bush has sent to us after consultation with Senators Levin and Stabenow.  I yield the floor.  