President, as I said to the leader, I would still rather see us work with the President on the selection of nominees the Senate can proceed to confirm than waste precious time fighting about controversial nominees to score political points. I will give an example. We have a State with a highly respected Republican Senator and a highly respected Democratic Senator, and they worked together to make recommendations that were completely out of any kind of partisan politics. They sent a list of several people who had gone through the screening committee, talked to everybody on the bar--Democrats, Republicans, people with no political affiliations--and said: Look, here is a list of the best people we could possibly find in our State. White House, you go ahead and pick whomever you want out of this group. We are happy with them.  They came and talked to me, and I said fine. I have huge respect for both the Republican Senator and the Democratic Senator, and I am sure we can move them through. Do my colleagues know what happened. The White House rejected that and sent up a totally controversial person. Again, the fundraising letters went out touting how we have to have this person. Both of the Senators said they would not return a positive blue slip; they wouldn't support this. It was not somebody they wanted to have on their record as supporting.  The White House finally withdrew that name. It went back to those Senators, and I am told by the Senators they have a nomination now that both will support for the circuit court of appeals, and that person will go charging through.  I recall another nomination this White House had made, strongly opposed by the two Senators, one of the more senior Members of the Senate, from their State. Those Senators said they did not want this nomination to go through and it did not. I still hear how terrible it was we did not confirm that nomination, even after the nominee pled guilty to criminal fraud.  I can think of other examples of people whom my Republican colleagues came and said: We really don't want to go with this person because of their situation back home--without going into a further description.  Now, Judge Catharina Haynes--and I see my friend, the distinguished Senator from Texas on the Senate floor, Senator Cornyn--Judge Catharina Haynes is a former Texas State trial judge in the 191st District Court for the State of Texas. She currently works as a partner at the law firm of Baker Botts in Dallas--an excellent firm. The Fifth Circuit has played an extraordinarily historic role in the protection of civil rights in this country. As we moved from that terrible time in our history of segregation into civil rights for all, some of those judges were among the most courageous this Nation has known.  I wish I knew more about Judge Haynes's attitude about civil rights than her record and testimony reveal. But I listened to what the distinguished Senator from Texas said, and I vote in favor of confirmation with the hope that she will treasure and follow the example of earlier judges in that court who made such a passionate commitment to the rights of all Americans.  So I congratulate her and her family on what I expect will be her confirmation today.  We have five nominations. I had been told the leadership has been talking about having rollcalls. We still have a fair amount of time on both sides; am I correct?  