President, our Nation owes a tremendous debt of gratitude to all of those who risked their lives in the pursuit of making America a more perfect union. This week, we commemorate the 44th anniversary of the day three brave civil rights workers--James Chaney, Michael Schwerner, and Andrew Goodman--paid the ultimate price in the struggle to secure civil rights and expand our democracy for all Americans.  On June 21, 1964, these three young men were abducted, brutally beaten, and shot to death by Ku Klux Klansmen for simply attempting to register African-Americans voters. Their deaths touched the conscience of our country and inspired events that changed the course of our history. The public outcry over the initial disappearance of these workers drew national and international attention to the violence associated with efforts to register African-American voters. It spurred efforts to desegregate the voting delegates at political party conventions. And it served as a catalyst for Congress to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, key legislation that would eliminate segregation and usher in a new era of equal opportunity and access to our democracy for all Americans.  Unfortunately, our march toward equal justice under law is not yet complete. Three years ago, Edgar Ray Killen was convicted for the deaths of the three civil rights workers we honor today. Almost two dozen other men were involved in this crime; some are still alive, yet, none have ever been held charged with this murder. Even more troubling, the families of hundreds of other Americans who lost their lives in the fight for equal rights still await justice.  As we pass this resolution, we must recognize that it is long past time to pass the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act, which would strengthen our ability to track down those whose violent acts during a period of national turmoil remain unpunished. Last year, the House overwhelmingly passed this bill. Yet, one lone Republican Senator has prevented this important bill from passing. As we commemorate the deaths of three of the most celebrated civil rights activists of the past, let us remember this does not obviate our need to solve the hundreds of less recognized civil rights crimes of that era.  Today's resolution is an important gesture for us to remember the civil rights misdeeds of the past. But it is also an opportunity for Congress to show the country that we will not tolerate similar offenses. As we pass this resolution, it is fitting to carry this principle to the present and act in kind to prevent hate crimes and civil rights abuses occurring now in this country and around the world.  The powerful inscription on the grave of James Chaney reads: ``There are those who are alive, yet will never live; there are those who are dead, yet will live forever; great deeds inspire and encourage the living.'' By remembering Mr. Chaney, Mr. Schwerner, and Mr. Goodman today, I hope we all can be inspired to renewed action in this Congress. Let us pass the Till bill to ensure that those who sacrificed their lives in pursuit of justice are not forgotten and the perpetrators of these crimes are held accountable.  