It is also intended to protect the privacy and civil liberties of Americans. The law was passed to protect the rights of Americans after the excesses of an earlier time.  We are debating amendments to this important law. I had hoped the Senate would act to improve the bill reported by the Select Committee on Intelligence. It has not. I had hoped the Senate would incorporate improvements included in the House-passed RESTORE Act and the bill reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee. It has not.  I had hoped the administration would work with us. It has not. Instead, having gotten exactly the bill they want, in the way they want, from the Intelligence Committee, they have threatened a Presidential veto if we improve this bill in any way or fix its flaws.  I had hoped that Republican Senators would work with us as we have worked together to amend FISA dozens of times over the last 30 years and to update it in more than a dozen ways even since September 11, 2001. But instead of working in a bipartisan fashion, as I have seen before in my 34 years in the Senate, in an unprecedented way, Republicans voted lockstep to table the Judiciary Committee improvements and virtually lockstep against every individual amendment and improvement.  Worse, the Republican leadership has stalled action on the measure for weeks. They continue to insist it is their way or no way. Sadly, with the acquiescence of even some on this side of the aisle, they have controlled the debate, the bill, and the final result in the Senate.  Working together we could have done so much better. I look forward to working with the House to make improvements that are needed to this measure before I can support it.  The process has been, in large part, a repeat of that which led to the so-called Protect America Act last summer. That ill-conceived measure was rushed through the Senate in an atmosphere of fear and intimidation just before the August recess, and after the administration had broken their word and reneged on agreements reached with congressional leaders. The bill was hurriedly passed under intense partisan pressure from the administration. It provided sweeping new powers to the Government to engage in surveillance, without a warrant, of calls to and from the United States involving Americans, and it provided no meaningful protection for the privacy and civil liberties of Americans who were on those calls.  I was here when we first passed FISA because we knew what happened when we had an out-of-control administration. We saw it during the Watergate years. We saw it with J. Edgar Hoover. We saw those who wiretapped people because they didn't like what they said, they disagreed with the administration; they actually raised questions about the Vietnam war. Sometimes it would help if everybody read a history book every now and then around here. Some seem too willing to give up the liberties for which we fought.  The Senate should have considered and incorporated more meaningful corrections to the so-called Protect America Act. Before that flawed bill passed, Senator Rockefeller and I and several others in the House and Senate had worked hard and in good faith with the administration to craft legislation that solved an identified problem but also protected Americans' privacy and liberties.  We all want to protect our security. We all want the ability to go after those who would do this country harm. And we drafted legislation that would have taken care of the problem they told us about.  But just before the August recess, we got a call. Basically, the Director of National Intelligence told us they could not keep their word, they could not keep the administration's word, and the administration decided to ram through its version of the so-called Protect America Act, with excessive grants of Government authority and without accountability or checks and balances. They refused to consider any other way.  After almost 6 years of breaking the law and violating FISA through secret warrantless wiretapping programs, that was wrong. A number of us supported a better balanced alternative, and we voted against the Protect America Act as drafted by the administration and passed by the Senate.  Ironically, the reason we were even voting on it is that the press found out how the administration was breaking the law. Even though the administration was required by statute to tell leaders in Congress what they were doing, which was a clear violation of the law, they had failed to do that. Fortunately, we still have some remnant of a free press in this country and they found it out.  Because of a sunset provision, we had a chance to revisit that matter and correct it. The Judiciary Committees and the Intelligence Committees of the Senate and the House spent the past months considering changes to FISA. In the Senate Judiciary Committee, we held open hearings and countless briefings and meetings to consider new surveillance legislation, including classified meetings. We considered legislative language in a number of open business meetings of the committee, and we reported a good bill to the Senate. This was before last Thanksgiving.  Instead of that bill, a good bill, the Senate is poised to pass a bill that will permit the Government to review more Americans' communications with little in the way of meaningful court supervision.  I support surveillance targeting foreign threats, but I wanted to make sure we protect those American liberties that, after all, we fought a Revolutionary War to protect and a civil war and two World Wars and not just give it away because some people around here get cold feet when threatened by the administration.  Attorney General Mukasey said at his nomination hearing that ``protecting civil liberties, and people's confidence that those liberties are protected, is a part of protecting national security.'' I agree with him about that. That is what the Senate judiciary bill would have done.  The administration insists on avoiding accountability by including blanket retroactive immunity in their bill. It would grant blanket retroactive immunity to telecommunications carriers for their warrantless surveillance activities from 2001 through earlier this year contrary to FISA and in violation of the privacy rights of Americans.  The administration violated FISA by conducting warrantless surveillance for more than 5 years. They got caught. Frankly, if they had not gotten caught, they would probably still be doing it. When the public found out about the President's illegal surveillance of Americans, the administration and telephone companies were sued by citizens who believed their privacy and their rights were violated.  So now the administration is trying to get this Congress to terminate those lawsuits. But don't believe the crocodile tears of this administration, saying they are doing it to protect these telephone companies. This is, after all, the same administration that owed the telephone companies millions of dollars in unpaid bills for wiretapping. They will not even pay their bills.  No, the reason they want this provision is to protect those in the administration who broke the law. They don't want anybody to find out which members of the Department of Justice so thwarted the law in writing cockamamie legal opinions that a first-year law student would see through. They want to insulate themselves from accountability. I am not going to support such an end run around accountability.  The administration knows these lawsuits may be the only way that it is ever going to be called to account for its flagrant disrespect of the law. In running its illegal program of warrantless surveillance, the administration relied on legal opinions prepared in secret and shown to only a tiny cabal of like-minded officials.  This ensured that the administration received the advice they wanted. Don't tell us what the law is; tell us what we want the law to be. I used to read my children ``Alice in Wonderland.'' Now I read my grandchildren ``Alice in Wonderland.'' This sounds like ``Alice in Wonderland.''  Jack Goldsmith, a conservative Republican who came in briefly to head the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, described the program as a ``legal mess.'' This administration does not want a court to have a chance to look at this legal mess, and retroactive immunity will assure not that they are protecting telephone companies, but that they will cover their own backsides. They want to protect themselves.  The rule of law is fundamentally important in our system, and so is protecting the rights of Americans from unlawful surveillance. I do not believe Congress can or should seek to take those rights and those claims from those already harmed. As I said, I worked with Senator Specter and both Senators Feinstein and Whitehouse to try to craft more effective alternativesto retroactive immunity. We worked with the legal concept of substitution, replacing Government in the shoes of private defendants that acted at its behest. Let it assume full responsibility for the illegal conduct.  Substitution would have protected the telephone companies. It would have placed the administration in their shoes in the lawsuits. But the truth is that the administration doesn't really care about the telephone companies. They are worried only about the American public finding out what they did illegally, how they violated the laws and the Constitution of this country.  I also supported Senator Feinstein's proposal to strengthen the role of the FISA Court in this regard. The administration and its allies in the Senate defeated both of these viable alternatives to retroactive immunity. The administration, by trying to frighten people, warded off all efforts of compromise and accommodation. They don't want to be held accountable, and they have enough Senators who will protect them so they will not be held accountable--not to the Congress or, more importantly, to the American people.  The Senate was forced to vote on retroactive immunity even though not all Senators had access to the information they needed to make an informed judgment about the Government's and the phone companies' conduct. The majority leader wrote to the administration last year urging such access, and I supported it. Of course, we got had no response. The administration ignored the request. After all, if we knew what we were doing around here, we might actually make them stand up and be responsible for their actions, which is the last thing in the world they want. It is clear they do not want to allow Senators or anyone else to evaluate their lawlessness. Their rule is no accountability. Whether it is Scooter Libby or anyone else, no accountability. We will protect those who break the law on our behalf.  I have drawn very different conclusions from Senator Rockefeller about retroactive immunity. I agree with Senator Specter and many others that blanket retroactive immunity, which would end ongoing lawsuits by legislative fiat, undermines accountability.  Senator Specter has been working diligently, first as chairman of the Judiciary Committee and now as ranking member, to obtain judicial review of the legality of warrantless wiretapping of Americans from 2001 until last year. The checks and balances the judiciary provides in our constitutional democracy has an important role to play. Every one of us, if we follow our oath of office, should want to protect that. Judicial review can and should provide a measure of accountability.  I believe protecting the rule of law is important, and I believe in protecting the rights of Americans from unlawful surveillance. I do not believe the Congress can or should seek to take those rights and those claims from those already harmed. Moreover, ending ongoing litigation eliminates the only viable avenue of accountability for the Government's illegal actions.  Therefore, I say again, I oppose retroactive immunity. There should be a measure of accountability for the administration's actions in the years following 9/11. If it is simply a case of protecting the telephone companies, then why don't we vote for something that would put the Government in their shoes? Why don't we? Because that is the last thing in the world this administration wants because then they would have to answer to how many different people in the Bush administration broke the law.  I don't believe anybody is above the law. I don't believe the President is; I don't believe a Senator is; I don't believe anybody is. Keep in mind, as I said earlier, why we have FISA. Congress passed that law only after we discovered the shameful abuses of J. Edgar Hoover's FBI. Through the COINTEL Program--sometimes called COINTELPRO--Director Hoover spied on Americans who objected and spoke out against the war in Vietnam. I objected and spoke out against the war in Vietnam. Many Vermonters opposed that war. I wonder how many Vermonters were spied on for daring to speak out against it.  Ironically, Madam President, in April of 1975, the United States Senate voted by a one-vote margin in the Armed Services Committee to stop the war in Vietnam. A year later, it was hard to find anybody in this body who had supported it, although obviously an awful lot of Senators had.  Well, I wonder if we are going to look back that same way someday and ask: were we so frightened by 9/11 that we were willing to throw away everything this country fought for, everything that has made this country great through our history?  We can protect Americans' rights. We can protect those things our forefathers fought a revolution to obtain, that we fought a civil war to protect, that we fought two world wars to cement. We can protect ourselves. But we cannot protect ourselves if we do not protect our rights. Are we going to throw our rights away because of a group of terrorists? This Senator is not going to.  Let us show the American people and the world what America stands for. We can and will do all we can to secure the future for ourselves, our children, and our grandchildren. At the same time, we can protect the cherished rights and freedoms that define America and make this country different from all others. Those are the rights and freedoms that protected past generations and allow us to have an American future. If we do not protect them, what will we leave to our children and grandchildren?  Let us stand up for American values. Let us not be afraid to preserve our freedom while protecting our national security.  Madam President, I retain the remainder of my time, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  