President, I was proud to be a cosponsor, but I am especially proud of the lead sponsor, Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts. This is a matter he has cared passionately about, and he has worked tirelessly. He relied not only on his own family experience but also the experiences of so many other thousands of families who have seen Senator Kennedy as a champion. I applaud him.  We have been in constant contact with Senator Kennedy during the time we have been talking about this issue. Incidentally, we are, of course, talking about The Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act. I have talked with him about his personal experience and with those who are mentally ill, and his concern about this whole subject has been shown time and time again. So I applaud Senator Kennedy and all the other cosponsors for what they have done.  Today, the Senate will finally turn to legislation to reauthorize the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act. Though this bill was reported by the Judiciary Committee in April, it has stalled on the Senate floor for 5 months due to Republican objection. I am glad that we are moving forward on this bill today.  I was a sponsor of the original authorization of this Act in 2004, and I am proud that these programs have helped State and local governments to reduce crime by providing more effective treatment for the mentally ill. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of the reauthorization of this important legislation in this Congress, and I thank Senators Kennedy, Domenici, and Specter for their leadership on this issue.  All too often, people with mental illness find themselves in a revolving door between the criminal justice system and the streets of our communities, committing a series of minor offenses. These offenders end up in prisons or jails, where little or no appropriate medical care is available for them. This bill gives State and local governments the tools to break this cycle, for the good of law enforcement, corrections officers, the public's safety, and the mentally ill offenders themselves. More than 16 percent of adults incarcerated in U.S. jails and prisons have a mental illness, and about 20 percent of youth in the juvenile justice system have serious mental health problems. Almost half the inmates in prison with a mental illness were incarcerated for committing a nonviolent crime. This is a serious problem that I hear about often when I talk with law enforcement officials and others in Vermont.  Under this bill, State and local governments can apply for funding to create or expand mental health courts or other court-based programs, which can divert qualified offenders from prison to receive treatment; create or expand programs to provide specialized training for criminal justice and mental health system personnel; create or expand local treatment programs that serve individuals with mental illness or co-occurring mental illness and substance abuse disorders; and promote and provide mental health treatment for those incarcerated in or released from jails and prisons.  The grants created under this program have been in high demand, but only about 11 percent of the applications submitted have been able to receive funding due to the scarce Federal funds available. The bill's sponsors and I worked hard to determine an appropriate authorization level of funding, which has unfortunately been slashedin this bill in order to accommodate the objection of the junior Senator from Oklahoma. I look forward to working with Senators Kennedy, Domenici, and Specter as the appropriations process moves forward so that these vital programs can be adequately funded.  This legislation brings together law enforcement, corrections, and mental health professionals to help respond to the needs of our communities. They are familiar with the unique problems states face with mentally ill offenders, and they understand the importance of federal support. I am glad the Republican objection to moving this bill forward has been lifted, and I hope the House passes this important bill swiftly.  