As an advocate, he challenged his country to live up to its promises of equal justice for all citizens. As a jurist, he served as our collective conscience and articulated our deepest convictions. Today we pay tribute to this American hero, and we recognize that our democracy is stronger because he lived.  Justice Marshall was the great grandson of a slave. He attended segregated schools in Baltimore. From these humble origins, he rose to become the first African American to be Solicitor General of the United States, to sit on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, and to serve on the highest court in the land.  Justice Marshall, however, was more than a legal pioneer. He worked tirelessly to realize his vision of civil rights lawyers acting as social engineers who would change America for the better. He endured countless hardships and risked his life traveling through the South seeking to secure civil rights. Justice Marshall did so because of his abiding faith that racial injustice was incompatible with our highest ideals. He believed America could be more inclusive and our democracy more expansive than the Founders ever imagined.  Because of his audacious work and his indomitable spirit, our children and grandchildren are able to learn and live together. Minority candidates can--and have--run for public office, and we are part of living history as Senator Barack Obama continues his campaign to become this country's first African-American President. The poor and the powerless cannot be compelled to confess to a crime while under duress. And all Americans enjoy strengthened privacy and first amendment protections. These are some of the many achievements of Justice Marshall.  Despite his enormous contributions, Justice Marshall's work to secure basic rights for all remains unfulfilled. Today, racial bias persists and human rights violations continue to challenge our commitment to equal justice. Equally disturbing, the current Supreme Court has begun closing the courthouse doors to those Americansmost in need of the Court's protection and rolling back decades of progress on civil rights.  I recall a 1992 Independence Day speech by Justice Marshall where he eloquently reminded us that guarding our precious rights requires constant vigilance. He said: ``Democracy just cannot flourish amid fear. Liberty cannot bloom amid hate.''  As we honor this great man today, let our tribute be a renewed commitment to ensuring that our Federal courts are comprised of men and women who share Justice Marshall's commitment to protecting our fundamental freedoms and securing equal justice for all.  