2135, the Child Soldiers Accountability Act, which will combat the unconscionable practice of using children as soldiers in violent conflicts. I thank Senator Durbin and Senator Coburn for introducing this important legislation and I am proud to be a cosponsor. I also thank them for their leadership on the Judiciary Committee's new Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law. Their leadership in working with the House sponsors to produce a consensus bill that we can all support has been critical. The United States should do all it can to prevent and punish this conduct, which is so contrary to our values.  The use of children as soldiers has been universally condemned as abhorrent and unacceptable. Yet over the last decade hundreds of thousands of children have fought and died in conflicts around the world. This legislation would close the gap in our law and enable the U.S. Government to bring child soldier perpetrators that are found in our country to justice.  This bill creates a tough new criminal provision aimed at those who recruit or conscript children under the age of 15 into armed conflict. It extends U.S. jurisdiction to perpetrators of this crime who are present in the United States, regardless of their nationality and where the crime takes place, so that those who exploit children will not find this country to be a sanctuary from prosecution. The bill also amends immigration law to allow those who have used children as soldiers to be barred or removed from the United States.  This bill is the second piece of legislation to pass both houses of Congress resulting from the work of the Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law. I was proud to work with Senator Durbin to create the Human Rights and the Law Subcommittee. I am glad that the efforts Senator Durbin and I have made to make this subcommittee a force for change and to bring focus on these important issues is resulting in legislative action, as well as providing a forum to put a spotlight on important issues. The aubcommittee has already worked to make the Genocide Accountability Act law, and it will soon provide a powerful new tool in America's efforts to prevent and punish genocide. The Subcommittee has made further progress with hearings and legislation dealing with human trafficking and other vital issues.  The conduct prohibited by the Child Soldiers Accountability Act is appalling but happens all too often throughout the world. We should do everything we can to stop this offense to human rights and human dignity, which exacts such great costs from too many of the world's children. I commend the Senate for passing this important legislation today and I hope the President will quickly sign this legislation into law.  