President, I appreciate Senator Mikulski's commitment to helping those dedicated men and women who are not yet U.S. citizens but who have served all Americans as members of the Armed Forces. Easing the path to citizenship by removing duplicative procedures for these dedicated men and women is the right thing to do, and I am glad to support Senator Mikulski's efforts.  However, I also wish to note my concern with inclusion of language in the bill, at the administration's behest, that appears to anticipate a future expansion of the collection of biometric information from individuals who seek to become naturalized citizens or who seek other immigration benefits. In light of the purpose of Senator Mikulski's bill, which is to streamline the naturalization procedures for legal permanent residents serving in the military, it would make little sense to place additional obstacles in the path of those who have made the ultimate commitment to the United States.  I also register this concern to make clear that the language in this bill with respect to biometric information should in no way be misconstrued as authority for the administration to unilaterally expand the type of biometric information beyond what is currently required to obtain immigration benefits from the U.S. government. Federal immigration law is the province of the Congress, and Congress retains the sole power to determine the extent of rulemaking authority afforded to Federal immigration agencies. The involvement of Congress in these decisions is crucial to ensure that the procedures by which we admit or deny individuals entry to the United States take into account the interests of privacy, and are faithful to the welcoming traditions by which our nation has prospered. Only Congress can provide the deliberative, democratic process necessary to ensure that any future requirements are consistent with American values.  We all recognize the need for robust security at our borders. But over the last 7 years, the reputation of the United States as a welcoming nation has been diminished as a result of often misguided policies that take a reactionary, blunt, and hostile approach to immigration. The administration has met its failure to enact meaningful immigration reform with layer upon layer of security initiatives that in some cases do little more than foreclose the promise of our great Nation for so many who seek opportunity, advancement, or refuge. America's security now and in the future demands more than border walls and punitive, enforcement-only immigration policies. Our future security, as well as our future prosperity, depends upon the balance that has been absent for so long.  