President, I was pleased to join Senators Specter, Biden, and Brownback last year as an original cosponsor of S. 1060, the Recidivism Reduction and Second Chance Act, and to help to shepherd that legislation through the Senate Judiciary Committee. I am pleased that now our hard work will finally enable us to take up and pass the House version of the legislation, which represents significant work and compromise on the part of the bill's Senate sponsors as well as those in the House, in order to move this important bill one step closer to becoming law.  Over the past several years that we have been working on this bill, I and others have had to make many painful compromises in order to ensure that this important bill could receive the support it needs to pass and become law. In spite of these sacrifices, the Second Chance Act is a good first step toward a new direction in criminal justice that focuses on making America safer by helping prisoners turn their lives around and become contributing members of society.  In recent years, this Congress and the States have passed a myriad of new criminal laws creating more and longer sentences for more and more crimes. As a result, this country sends more and more people to prison every year. There are currently more than 2 million people in jail or prison, and there are more than 13 million people who spend some time in jail or prison each year. Most of these people will at some point return to our communities. What kind of experience inmates have in prison, how we prepare them to rejoin society, and how we integrate them into the broader community when they get out are issues that profoundly affect the communities in which we live.  As a former prosecutor, I believe strongly in securing tough and appropriate prison sentences for people who break our laws. But it is also important that we do everything we can to ensure that when these people get out of prison, they enter our communities as productive members of society, so we can start to reverse the dangerous cycles of recidivism and violence. I hope that the Second Chance Act will help us begin to break that cycle.  The Second Chance Act would fund collaborations between State and local corrections agencies, nonprofits, educational institutions, service providers, and families to ensure that offenders released into society have the resources and support they need to become contributing members of the community. The bill would require that the programs supported by these grants demonstrate measurable positive results, including a reduction in recidivism. We should be supporting good programs and demanding results for our federal tax dollars.  The bill would also set up a task force to determine ways to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of federal programs related to prisoner reentry and would authorize additional programs that would encourage employment of released prisoners, improvesubstance abuse treatment programs for prisoners, and assist the children of prisoners.  I thank Senator Biden, Senator Specter, and Senator Brownback for consistently working with me to make a good bill even better. They accepted my suggestion to fix a provision that would have made it difficult for States without large urban areas to obtain grants. They also agreed with me that it made sense for victim services agencies to have a role in administering grants, for victims' needs to be specifically addressed by grants authorized by the bill, and for safeguards to be added to provisions aiming to integrate families of offenders in order to ensure that children are protected.  They also worked with me to include in the Senate's legislation an important study of the collateral consequences of criminal convictions federally and in the States, which would encourage appropriate policy to help successfully reintegrate released offenders into society. I am disappointed that partisan and unprincipled objections prevented this study, which is very important but in no way provocative, from being a part of the final bill. I am glad to report, though, that this important study was passed into law in December as part of the Court Security Improvement Act of 2007. I am similarly glad that we are moving now to pass the best version of the Second Chance Act that we can.  I thank the Vermont Department of Corrections and the Vermont Center for Crime Victim Services for helping me to identify important improvements and to make this bill better for the people of Vermont and the people of America. The Vermont Department of Corrections and many others in Vermont strongly support the Second Chance Act, which gives me confidence that this legislation we pass today represents an important step in making our country safer.  