President, I have been told I will have our time that I may use, and I appreciate that very much.  This morning we heard from the ranking member--from both sides. I am going to bring up something here that everyone agrees on, and that is with the things we do in our committee--we passed our highway bill, and we passed the TSCA bill. Right now, I wish to talk about the WRDA bill that is coming up.  I am on the floor today to express urgency to the often-neglected issues surrounding our Nation's water resources and water infrastructure.  In my nearly five decades in elected office, I have watched the impacts of Congress prioritizing and failing to prioritize our Nation's water system.  In 1986, Congress enacted the cornerstone WRDA legislation that set cost-share standards and created the harbor maintenance trust fund and the island waterways trust fund. Following this bill, it was intended for Congress to reauthorize WRDA every 2 years. ``WRDA'' means ``Water Resources Development Act.''  When we talk about what happened in 1986, not many people are aware of the fact that my State of Oklahoma is actually navigable. We have an inland waterway.  It was our intention at that time to have this bill every 2 years because it is just as significant as the highway bill. But then the trend came to a halt. Between 2007 and 2014, the WRDA bill--Congress went 7 years without a WRDA bill, the Water Resources Development Act. We got back on track 2 years ago. This is important because now we are getting back on track to get into the 2-year cycle.  Our coastal ports are grossly behind in their deepening projects to accommodate post-Panamax vessels. As you can see on this chart, the levees and flood walls are inadequate and well below the necessary level of protection. Our water infrastructure has become so deplorable that communities don't have the necessary resources to provide clean, safe drinking water, as you can see on this chart.  This is not a partisan problem; this is a national crisis. A lot of the things we are going to be talking about around this place--and we will see it today--are partisan. This is not.  The last WRDA took on the major reforms, and now, 2 years later, it is time for another WRDA to help clear up the logjam of Corps projects--the Corps of Engineers--and address concerns with aging infrastructure. Too often we take for granted how water resources and how water infrastructure projects affect our daily lives.  Some will argue--unlike the highway bill--that the WRDA bill is not considered a must-pass bill, that there is no shutdown of a program. However, I would argue that the WRDA bill is a must-pass bill.  Without WRDA, the 27 chiefs' reports included in the bill for port-deepening, flood protection, and ecosystem restoration will get put back on the shelf, and their construction will be delayed even further and it will cost much more money later on to make that happen.  Look at the aging infrastructure, the lead pipes. We saw what happened in Michigan, and we are addressing these things, these kinds of problems.  I have a letter addressed to Leader McConnell and Majority Whip Cornyn, with 31 signatures from my fellow Republicans, asking Republican leadership to bring WRDA 2016 to the floor in the next few weeks.  I know my colleague Senator Graham supports WRDA. He has been fighting to authorize the deepening of the Charleston Harbor for several years now, as you can see on the chart. Any further delay in this project is going to cause unwarranted economic loss to his State and the Nation as we prepare for the increased use of the post-Panamax vessels that we are all aware are on their way.  The same could be said for several of my other colleagues who have a vested interest in their projects. In this bill, port-deepening projects in Florida, Alaska, Maine, and Texas would be better positioned for those States to capitalize on increased import and export projections over the next 20 years.  Flood projects in Kansas and Missouri would provide communities in their State the necessary assurance that homes and businesses will not be flooded by the next storm.  Ecosystem restoration projects in Florida, Illinois, and Wisconsin would stimulate recreational and commercial economies otherwise left behind, as we can see here. That is Florida on our chart.  Senators Vitter and Cassidy also support the passage of WRDA. Their State has experienced more catastrophic disaster from storms and flooding in the past decade than any other. They, too, have a project proposed for flood protection that had been studied for nearly 40 years. You can study something to death and never get anything done. If this project had been prioritized and constructed in the early 2000s as we intended, then St. John Parish in Louisiana and the surrounding communities would not have endured $600 million in damage from Hurricane Isaac in 2012.  That is just a snapshot of what has been included in the WRDA bill.  Water resources and water infrastructure projects are integral to our everyday lives--as we see in the next chart, the levees to protect our communities from floodwaters; ports and waterways that move American goods and services to a global marketplace.  In addition to the traditional water resources projects and the provisions that have dominated WRDA bills in the past, Senator Boxer and I decided to go one step further and address the pressing water infrastructure crisis facing this Nation. As we put this bill together and we held hearings on critical water resources and infrastructure, we heard how communities are struggling to meet ever-growing clean water and safe drinking water mandates that are needed for flexibility and for targeted assistance.  By the way, if people are wondering right now why we are dividing the time before voting on a bill, I was going to make this presentation yesterday, but the Senator from New Jersey dominated the floor so that was not possible.  Our witness representing rural water, Mr. Robert Moore from Madill, OK, recommended that we target the grant assistance program addressing issues of greatest necessity. These programs include assistance for small and disadvantaged communities.  This is something that is particularly of concern in my State of Oklahoma. We are a rural State. We have many small communities, and we have the unfunded mandates come down from Washington, and we just can't handle those. This is the one program that helps States like my State of Oklahoma.  We have also empowered local communities to meet EPA mandates on a schedule that is doable and affordable for the community and that allows the community to prioritize addressing the greatest health threats first. That is good. That allows the communities to make these determinations.  In addition to providing disaster relief for Flint, MI, we have also capitalized the new Water Infrastructure Financing Innovation Act Program, which can provide secured loans for water and wastewater. That is actually called WIFIA. I think we are all familiar with that program.  Without being able to get this done, none of these good things are going to happen. We have in this bill $70 million for this new program that delivers as much as $4.2 billion in secured loans. We are talking about the WIFIA Program. This is a fiscally responsible wayto partner with the States and provide Federal assistance. So when we are concerned about Flint, MI, there are other problems in other areas that meet the same criteria.  We heard how new technologies can help address droughts and other water supply needs, like the issues we face in the Red River in Oklahoma. S. 2848 addresses this issue by promoting new technologies and the transfer of desalination technologies from other countries facing the same problems. Passing WRDA 2016 would guarantee the Federal Government's principal commitment to resilient water resources and water infrastructure and strong commerce.  This is a major bill. We are all concerned. We are all very familiar with what we did in this committee. I often say the Environment and Public Works Committee is a committee that actually does things, and we did. We did the highway bill, we did the TSCA bill on chemicals, and this is the WRDA bill coming up.  From the outset, Senator Boxer and I have worked closely with Senate Republicans and Democrats to make sure that all Members were heard and no one was left behind. We have done this successfully on several occasions, as I mentioned--the FAST Act and TSCA--and we have delivered for every Member of this body. We have done the same thing with the WRDA bill, and that is what we are talking about doing now.  We listened to your concerns, we engaged your constituents and your project sponsors in your respective States, as well as the users of our waterways and transportation infrastructure. The message was clear and uniform: Get back to regular order and build upon the reforms in the WRDA bill of 2014. We went 7 years without doing what we were supposed to be doing every 2 years, and now we are back on schedule to do that--to empower the Army Corps and local host sponsors to help keep our water resources infrastructure strong and functioning.  Let me close by saying that not passing this bill would result in nearly $6 billion in navigation and flood control projects being unnecessarily delayed or never constructed. There would also be no critical reforms to the Army Corps of Engineers and their policies, no essential affordability reforms for the communities' clean water infrastructure mandates, no new assistance for innovative approaches to clean water and drinking water needs to address drought and water supply issues, no resolution of the national lead emergencies, like in Flint, MI, and no dam rehabilitation programs.  So today, I am asking the leadership and my fellow Republicans to seize this valuable opportunity and bring the WRDA bill of 2016 to the floor. I know we want to do our appropriations bills, but we need to sandwich this in. We want it to get to the floor and passed before the July recess. Time is really of essence.  We are putting the managers' amendment together now. I encourage all Members to bring to me and to Barbara Boxer their concerns and their amendments so they can have the proper consideration on this bill. If you bring them down, we can do that. We are going to be ready to do this very significant bill. It will take a lot of cooperation by a lot of people. It is something we are supposed to be doing in this country.  People are impatient this morning, so I am going to yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cotton). The Senator from Washington.  