President, as chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, today I wish to engage in a colloquy with my ranking member, Senator Boxer, Senator Blumenthal, and Senator Murphy, to speak about section 2004 of S. 2848, the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, or WRDA 2016.  Section 2004 of S. 2848 reaffirms current law that the Army Corps of Engineers must adhere to State water quality standards under the Clean Water Act when determining the least costly, environmentally acceptable alternative for the disposal of dredged material, known as the Federal standard.  Although reaffirming current law, this section is not an endorsement by Congress of the Corps' current practices.  Instead, Congress is letting the Corps know that Congress is paying attention and that the Corps must meet its legal obligations to abide by State water quality standards when determining whether it is meeting the Federal standard.  I have heard concerns that, in some cases, that the Corps has not met this legal requirement and instead self-certifies its determination of the Federal standard rather than meeting State water quality standards. Senators Portman and Brown have raised this concern with me about the Corps' intention to dispose of dredged material in Lake Erie.  This section is therefore intended to clarify that the Federal standard is a legal, fact-based definition and that neither party is empowered to make the final decision on the Federal standard, should a dispute arise.  By not giving one party veto power over another, Congress is affirming that the Federal standard can be challenged in court. This means that a State can appeal the Corps' interpretation of the Federal standard if the State believes the Corps has failed to meet State water quality standards and that such challenges will be resolved on a case-by-case basis.  I also have heard from members who are worried about whether the permitting of new dredged material disposal sites would be affected by the adoption of new State water quality standards that could ban open water disposal of dredged material.  Under the Clean Water Act, the Environmental Protection Agency must approve new disposal sites and have a very rigorous process for making those decisions. WRDA 2016 does not affect this process at all.  The Clean Water Act also governs the adoption of new State water quality standards. These standards must carry out the purposes of the act. Blocking disposal of dredged material is not a purpose of the Clean Water Act. Any new State water quality standard must go through notice and comment rulemaking and also can be litigated. WRDA 2016 does not affect that process.  