I have respect for them and their thoughts. I don't agree with them. But I wish to share a couple of things with the Senate.  First of all, people need to understand what we went through on this bill. There were 2 years of work. It has been a long, involved time for all of us. Particularly, we had Mr. Jackson, Mr. Herrgott, Susan Bodine. These are experts in different areas. She is the water expert. Charles Brittingham has been crucial to this becoming law; he knows that end of it. The Corps operations--Charles Brittingham knows more about the Corps operations and worked tirelessly. These guys worked for several hours on this thing for many, many weeks. Byron Brown negotiated the coal ash. The coal ash issue is a huge issue. The States have been wanting this for a long period of time. It was a compromise, and everyone was happy with it.  I wish to thank Jennie Wright, Andrew Neely, Andrew Harding, Carter Vella, Amanda Hall, Devin Barrett, and Joe Brown. And from Senator Boxer's staff, I don't think we could have gotten this done without the long hours of Jason Albritton and others from her staff, like Ted Ilston. The CBO staff came in and they worked very hard on this. Aurora Swanson was always available. I thank the Senate legislative counsel, including Deanna Edwards, Maureen Contreni, and Gary Endicott.  We have a lot of people involved in this. I don't want people to think this is just another bill that came along and it is time for it to be considered.  We could have done this a long time ago. We weren't quite ready. It took time for all of us to get together, and I think it is important. We have heard others talk about one major provision in the bill, and I wish to address that in a moment, but we should stop and think about what is in this.  We have 30 new navigation, flood control, and environmental restoration projects and modify 8 existing projects based on reports submitted to Congress by the Secretary of the Army. These projects support our Nation's economic competitiveness and well-being by deepening nationally significant ports. Everyone here knows which ones we are talking about.  The bill also includes ecosystem restoration in the Florida Everglades, which will fix Lake Okeechobee and stop the algae blooms on the Florida coasts.  The bill includes ongoing flood control and navigation safety in the Hamilton City project--that is in California--and the Rio de Flag project in Arizona.  It includes programs that will help small and disadvantaged communities provide safe drinking water and will help communities address drinking water emergencies like the one facing the city of Flint, MI.  The bill includes the Gold King Mine. The people in California, and certainly Senators Gardner, Bennet, and Udall, spent a lot of time on it. It is in this bill.  The bill includes the rehabilitation of high hazard potential dams. This section of the bill authorizes FEMA assistance to States to rehabilitate the unsafe dams. This is significant. There are 14,724 what they call high hazard potential dams in the United States. That means that if a dam fails, lives are at stake. The program will prevent loss of lives. We have talked about this on the floor. That is significant--14,726.  The WRDA bill is bipartisan and will play a critical role in addressing problems facing the communities.  I want to make sure everybody understands how long we have been talking about the Flint, MI, tragedy. We have been talking about it for a long time. It is in here. The solution is in here. The bill we just passed, that is an appropriation, but the authorization has to be there. I would say this: Since I am looking across at the two Senators from Michigan, I know they are concerned with this. We have to understand that without this authorization, this bill, there would be no Flint relief, none whatsoever.  I will yield some time to either of the two Senators from Michigan--Senator Stabenow--for any comments she wants to make about this. But I hope she understands, as I yield time that she would be requesting, that without this bill, there is nothing for Flint.  