President, we are all concerned about the plight right now of Puerto Rico and what is happening over there financially. And later on this week I will revisit the issue of the 4-year battle of Vieques that took place from 1999 to 2003. I am very much concerned that we might have an opportunity here to rectify something that was done that should not have been done back in 2002.  The island off of Puerto Rico called Vieques had been an integrated training center for many years--about 60 years--up until 2002. For purely political reasons at that time, it became quite an issue. First of all, joint training took place on the island of Vieques. Joint training means you have different branches of the military trying to accomplish something together that they couldn't do individually. In the case of Vieques, it was the Marines, the Navy, and the Air Force. We were able to do the type of training we couldn't do anyplace else.  It sounds kind of ridiculous, but when they were talking about doing away with using Vieques for a military center--what they had been doing for 60 years--it was all around an establishment called Roosevelt Roads. Roosevelt Roads was a major naval station. We had about 7,000 sailors there. They added something like $600 million a year to the economy of Puerto Rico.  Anyway, we found out there was a great effort by a lot of people who I will always suspect wanted to ultimately develop that island for private purposes and to financially gain from that. Consequently, with no regard for the contribution it made to our defense, they started a major problem. One person was killed in 60 years on that island, and because that happened to have taken place, they used it as a reason to try to shut that down. It became quite a political football at that time. I know Al Gore was very much involved in that, and there were some great benefits, I am sure.  From World War II through the operation in Kosovo, our military has been ready to execute combat operations due to the training they were able to get on the island of Vieques. In fact, during Kosovo they used those individuals to conduct successful operations. They were all trained at no place other than Vieques. The reason for that is if they were going into Kosovo, as our Air Force was going in, they would have to be able to draw coordinates from a high enough elevation that the surface-to-air missiles would not be able to reach them, for their safety. And if we hadn't had all those guys over there who were trained at Vieques, it was speculated that they would not have been successful.  Secretary Richard Danzig, who was then the Secretary of the Navy, said that ``only by providing this preparation can we fairly ask our servicemembers to put their lives at risk.'' Admiral Johnson, then Chief of Naval Operations, and General Jones, then Commandant of the Marine Corps, said that Vieques provides integrated live-fire training ``critical to our readiness'' and that the failure to provide for adequate live-fire training for our naval forces before deployment will place those forces at an unacceptably high risk during deployment. Those are quotes from those two individuals.  Admiral Ellis, then director of operations, plans, and policies on the staff of the commander in chief of the U.S. Atlantic Fleet, said during his confirmation hearing--and I was there at that time--to be commander of Strategic Command, ``Those types of facilities, particularly those in which we can bring together all of the naval, and that means both Navy and Marine Corps, combat power for integrated and joint training, are particularly useful elements of the overall warfighting preparation.''  At the time we felt there was a problem, I personally went around the world to every place that might have been a substitute for Vieques. I went to Cape Wrath--I always remember that--which I think is in northern Scotland, and I went to Southern Sardinia in Italy, and none of those places were adequate and none could provide the same type of support.  Admiral Fallon, then commander of the Navy's Second Fleet, and General Pace--remember Peter Pace--the commander of all Marine Forces in the Atlantic, testified that the United States needs Vieques as a training ground to prepare our young men and women for the challenges of deployed military operations.  GEN Wes Clark, the Supreme Allied Commander at that time, said: ``The live fire training that our forces were exposed to at training ranges such as Vieques helped ensure that the forces assigned to this theater''--and he was talking about Kosovo. That is when we had to be ready on arrival to fight and win and survive, which we did.  CAPT James Stark, then the commanding officer of Roosevelt Roads Naval Station--there were about 7,000 of our sailors there--said:       When you steam off to battle you're either ready or you're      not. If you're not, that means casualties. That means more      POWs. That means less precision and longer campaigns. You pay      a price for all this in war, and that price is blood.  Admiral Murphy, then commander of the Sixth Fleet of the Navy, said the loss of training on Vieques would ``cost American lives.'' And it has cost American lives, and that has been since 2002. We are talking about American lives unnecessarily put at risk if they are not fully trained for combat operations.  I remember one person back at that time talking about the analogous situation of a football team where you have all the quarterbacks training over here, all the backs over here, and all the defensive people training over here, but never training together, and then they go and lose. You have to have integrated training. We don't even have that today. We have tried to find and to replicate that effort, and it isn't there.  This week, I understand--and the reason I came down quite unprepared is because I didn't know this was coming up--the House Natural Resources Committee is going to consider legislation that provides bankruptcy powers to Puerto Rico while subjecting it to the authority of a Federal oversight board. This is something that is going to become very controversial. There will be a lot of people around saying: Why are we doing this? And once you provide these benefits to Puerto Rico, there is no reason why others won't line up and want the same thing.  I really am concerned that Puerto Rico, apparently--and I don't know if this is true, but they are saying it--owes some $73 billion in government debt. In January, Puerto Rico started defaulting on part of that debt.  Section 411 of this legislation--we are talking about the legislation that will be discussed tomorrow over in the House--would turn over approximately 3,000 acres of Department of Interior conservation zones that were formerly part of Vieques.  What happened in 2002 was that the land that had been used for the training range was turned over to this department. Now they are talking about taking it out, I suppose, for people to develop.  I remember so well the time when we were talking about closing Vieques. I was the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee Readiness Subcommittee. Puerto Rico's Governor Rossello came. He is not in office anymore. But he made all kinds of threats: It is just a bluff that it would be closing.  I made the statement that if we are denied the opportunity to use the island of Vieques for joint training, then we were going to lose Roosevelt Roads.  Governor Rossello sat there and said: Inhofe is not telling the truth. We are not going to lose that.  Of course, they did lose it. So in 2003 the total impact from the Navy was estimated to be $600 million a year. The departure of the Navy also impacted business and contracts, as we know.  I was visiting with Miriam Ramirez just today. At the time, she was in the State Senate in Puerto Rico and was talking about the disastrous economic effects if they closed Vieques. She is still concerned about that, and many of the people who were the strongest opponents of my efforts at that time to keep Vieques operating are now saying we should have left it open.  So I think any kind of a deal that is made has to include consideration that the training is still available. There is still no range like Vieques anywhere in the Western Hemisphere. What can be done in Vieques cannot be done in one location by a joint force. I understand firsthand both the importance and the significance of having a range in your home State.  I remember a popular TV show at that time called ``Crossfire.'' I was on the show in May of 2000. Juan Figueroa was the president of the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund, and we were debating this on live TV.  He said: Well, how would you, Inhofe, like to have a live range in your State of Oklahoma?  I said: Let me tell you about Fort Sill. They train 360 days out of the year, 24 hours a day, and they make all kinds of noise. It is within 1 mile of a population of 100,000 people--at that time, Vieques was within 9.5 miles of 9,000 people--and there are all these people who hear this noise down there. They were in town last week. They said: When we hear that noise, it is the sound of freedom.  Here is something interesting. They opened up what is considered to be the most modern, most progressive elementary school. They call it Freedom Elementary School. They named it after that phrase: It is the sound of freedom.  So this is what is happening. I am very much concerned that we are going to stumble and pass up an opportunity that might still be there. We have an opportunity to actually go back and use that for some of our joint training.  So later this week I am going to go back and relive the history on the 4-year battle of Vieques. Hopefully, this might be an opportunity for us to save American lives and to have integrated training, which we still don't have today and which we had back in that time.  With that, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  