To help the Agency meet that objective, the compromise does two things. First, EPA can issue a test rule or order if it finds that a chemical substance may present an unreasonable risk to human health or the environment. In this case, an EPA order would be a final agency action subject to judicial review. EPA would be well-advised to consider the practice of issuing a `statement of need' similar to that required under section 4(a)(3) when using this authority.  The section also provides EPA discretionary authority to require testing--by rule, order or consent agreement--when EPA determines that new information is necessary to review a pre-manufacture notice under section 5, to conduct a risk evaluation under section 6, or to implement rules or orders under those sections. The compromise also recognizes that EPA may need new information to prioritize a chemical substance for review, to assess certain exports, and at the request of another federal agency. To use this discretionary order authority, EPA must issue a `statement of need' that explains the need for new testing/exposure information. It must describe how available information has informed the decision to require new information, whether vertebrate animal testing is needed, and why an order is preferred to a rule.  Section 4 of the compromise also requires EPA to use `tiered' screening and testing processes. This means EPA must require less expensive, less complex screening tests to determine whether higher level testing is required. This is an efficient approach to testing chemicals that is based on EPA experience in other testing programs Tiered testing will also help assure that EPA is meeting the objective to minimize animal testing that is set out in the compromise.  Finally, section 4 prohibits the creation of a `minimum information requirement' for the prioritization of chemicals. That is a very important provision that should be applied to any and all testing by the Agency regardless of which authority it uses.  Senator Vitter, in addition to new testing authorities the bill also makes changes to TSCA in the new chemicals program under section 5 which has been largely viewed as one of the major strengths of existing law. It has been credited with spurring innovation in chemistry used for new products and technologies throughout the value chain. The industry we're regulating in TSCA is highly innovative: 17 percent of all US patents are chemistry or chemistry related. Clearly Congress has an interest in preserving the economic engine that is the business of U.S. chemistry, while ensuring that EPA appropriately reviews new chemical substances and significant new uses. How does the compromise balance these interests?  