President, I stayed on the floor and listened to all of the remarks of the senior Senator from California. While doing that, we did some checking. My staff informs me that probably this bill has more benefits for the State of California than any bill since I have been here for 22 years so I think it is very important the people understand that if for some reason this bill doesn't pass, none of the things, the provisions the Senator was talking about, will happen so it is very significant.  Since we are going to have a vote on a continuing resolution, I think at this point we need to make sure our government does not shut down. It is very important that it not shut down right in the middle of--arguably, three wars--but that could be as late as 1 a.m. tomorrow morning. After that is when we will be considering the WRDA bill. That is the Water Resources Development Act. It is one of which I am very proud, as the current chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, to be involved in this bill that has been so eloquently described by Senator Feinstein.  For the last several months, our committee has been working to put together the final WRDA package with our counterparts in the House, actually, the House Energy and Commerce, the House T&I Committee, and the Natural Resources Committee of the House. This legislation is truly a win for America. While we just heard of many things that be of benefit for the State of California, there is not one State that doesn't have benefits there. They are long overdue and coming from this legislation.  WRDA authorizes 30 new navigation, flood control, and environmental restoration projects and modifies eight existing projects based on reports submitted to Congress by the Secretary of the Army. These projects support our Nation's economic competitiveness and our well-being by deepening nationally significant ports, providing protection from disastrous floodwaters, and restoring valuable ecosystems.  Let me just list a few: the Little Diomede Harbor and Craig Harbor in Alaska, the Upper Ohio River in Pennsylvania, Port Everglades in Florida, and 17 flood control and hurricane protection projects in California, Florida, Mississippi, New Jersey, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Oregon. This bill also includes ecosystem restoration in the Florida Everglades, which will fix Lake Okeechobee and stop algae blooms on the Florida coast.  The bill also includes ongoing flood control and navigation safety in the Hamilton City project in California, the Rio de Flag project in Arizona, and in critical fixes for the Houston Ship Channel. The bill includes programs to help small and disadvantaged communities provide safe drinking water and will help communities address drinking water emergencies, such as the one facing the city of Flint, MI.  Let's ensure that we all understand that without the authorization of this bill, there will be no Flint relief. That is very important. I want to repeat that. People don't seem to understand. There is a lot of support in this Chamber to try to help out with the problems, the disasters that took place in Flint, MI, so we have a relief package that is included in this bill, but if the bill for some reason doesn't pass, there will be no relief for Flint, MI.  The House has voted to authorize Flint funding in the WRDA bill and spending in the continuing resolution. Both of these bills provide the benefit for Flint, MI, passed by over a three-fourths majority. We could not have worked closer with Senator Stabenowand Senator Peters to ensure we keep relief for Flint. I appreciate their partnership and their persistence. They were very persistent, because these provisions were in here before, but the relief is delivered. But if for some reason the bill doesn't pass, Flint gets nothing, and people have to understand that. We could not have had a closer working relationship with Senator Stabenow and Senator Peters, and I really appreciate the fact that we all worked together to accomplish this one thing. There is unanimity, and that is help for Flint, MI.  The bill includes the Gold King Mine spill recovery. This section, championed by Senators Gardner, Bennet, and Udall, requires EPA to reduce costs incurred by States, tribes, and local governments to respond to the Gold King Mine spill.  This bill includes rehabilitation of high-hazard potential dams. This section of the bill authorizes FEMA assistance to States to rehabilitate unsafe dams. There are 14,726 high-hazard potential dams in the United States. What that means is--the definition means that if a dam fails, lives are at stake. So the program will prevent loss of lives.  The WRDA bill is bipartisan. It will play a critical role in addressing problems faced by communities, States, and our country as a whole.  Earlier this week, Senator Boxer said that the House Republicans ruined a beautiful bill because some of them ``wanted to flex their muscles.'' I don't know about that, but I do agree with her that this is a beautiful bill because it does things that we haven't had the courage to get done before, so we want to make sure it passes.  The House passed the WRDA bill with the drought provisions by a three-fourth vote--360 votes. I can't think of another time the House has passed something with 360 votes. But that is the popularity of this WRDA bill and all the work that has gone into it.  However, there is something I don't think anyone has heard. This drought provision was drafted by the U.S. Department of the Interior and the U.S. Department of Commerce. The savings clause prohibits any Federal agency under any administration from taking any action that would violate any environmental laws, including the Endangered Species Act and biological opinions. Don't just take my word for it; ask Senator Feinstein. She articulated this very well. People have to realize that this came from the Department of the Interior and the Department of Commerce; it was not just stuck in there by the committee.  We have heard claims that these operational provisions would violate environmental laws. Let's look at the actual text. Under this section 4001, any operations to provide additional water supplies can only be implemented if they are consistent with the applicable biological opinions and only if the environmental effects are consistent with effects allowed under the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Water Act, and the California Water Quality Control Act.  Section 4002 and section 4003 reiterate the requirement to comply with the smelt biological opinion and the salmon biological opinion. Senator Feinstein also covered that.  Finally, section 4012 includes a savings clause--a savings clause written by the U.S. Department of the Interior and the Department of Commerce--that ensures that the entire subtitle must be implemented in accordance with the Endangered Species Act or the smelt and salmon biological opinions.  So that is significant. I think that documents well enough that all of these environmental provisions are complied with.  How I would rather spend my time on the floor is talking about the positive things in the bill because there is much more to say. Coal ash State permitting is something that has been desired for a long period of time. It is finally allowed in this bill. SPCC--that is, spill relief--for our Nation's small farmers is included thanks to Senator Fischer. And that provision is not just good for her State, it is certainly good for my State of Oklahoma. To say that this violates environmental law and regulations is simply not the case.  Many Senators have contributed to this piece of legislation, and there is literally crucial infrastructure and accomplishments in every State contained in this bill.  Let me just repeat--it is very important because there has been a lot of discussion about what has happened in Michigan. If the bill is not passed, Flint, MI, gets nothing.  I was going to talk about some of the other provisions in the bill, but since there is some concern expressed by one of the Senators from Washington State, I want to mention--just Washington State; I won't mention anything more about California because Senator Feinstein has already done that. But in Washington State, for the Skokomish River, Mason County, WA, the bill authorizes $20.26 million to remove a levy, which has the economic benefit of restoring 40 miles for salmon habitat and for the fishing industry. So the fishing industry--for those concerned with the salmon, this is a huge thing for them.  For Puget Sound, the bill authorizes $461 million to provide refuge habitat for 3 listed species and 10 threatened species, including 5 species of Pacific salmon. The project is part of the Puget Sound Chinook Salmon Recovery Plan. It is in this bill for Washington State.  The Columbia River ecosystem restoration. The bill increases the authorization ceiling for ecosystem restoration studies and projects for the lower Columbia River in Oregon and in Washington State, authorized by section 536 of our WRDA bill that we passed in 2000.  Watercraft inspection stations, Columbia River Basin. The bill clarifies that the watercraft inspection stations to protect the Columbia River Basin from invasive species may be located outside the basin if that is necessary to prevent introduction of invasive species. Again, Washington State.  Tribal assistance. This bill authorizes relocation assistance to Indian families displaced due to the construction of the Bonneville Dam and requires a study of Indian families displaced due to the construction of the John Day Dam and the development of a plan to provide relocation assistance associated with that dam.  Additional measures at donor ports and energy transfer ports. This section permanently extends the authority to provide additional funds for donor ports and energy transfer ports.  Harbor deepening. The bill aligns the cost share for construction of harbors with the change in WRDA 2014 modifying the cost-share for maintenance of harbors--a huge thing, and it is certainly of great benefit for the State of Washington.  Implementation guidance. The bill requires the Corps to issue guidance to implement section 2107 of WRDA 2014 relating to maintenance of emerging ports and Great Lakes ports.  Columbia River ecosystem restoration. The bill increases the authorization ceiling for ecosystem restorations studies and projects for the lower Columbia River in Oregon and Washington, authorized in section 536 of WRDA 2014, the last WRDA that we passed.  Watercraft inspection stations, Columbia River Basin. This bill clarifies that the watercraft inspection stations to protect the Columbia River Basin from invasive species may be located outside of the basin if that is necessary to prevent introduction of invasive species.  The oyster aquacultural study requires the GAO to study the different regulatory treatment of oyster hatcheries across the Corps districts.  Everything I have mentioned was in Washington State. I could go State by State, but there certainly isn't the time.  I would remind my colleagues that the next vote that takes place that everyone has been concerned about is going to pass, and it is going to pass to stop us from having to shut down the government. But after that is when we are going to bring up the bill that we have been talking about all day today that the Senator from California was talking about, and it is something that--I know we have only been working on it for about a year, but we have been working on some of the projects in there for as long as 3 years.  This is a chance to get it all done. If something happens and we don't do it, none of the stuff we are talking about is going to take place. Certainly all of the efforts that Senator Stabenow, Senator Peters, and I have spokenabout in Michigan--the problems they are having up there--that is not going to happen; there is no help for Flint, MI. I have no reason to believe it is not going to pass. I believe it is. But I have to stress the significance of this legislation.  With that, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Boozman). The clerk will call the roll.  The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  