 I have to say one thing about the stuff we crank out of our Environment and Public Works Committee, and that is that it has been pretty significant. We had the FAST Act, the first highway reauthorization bill in 17 years, which was a major one. Then we did the chemical bill, which was great, and now we are going to do the WRDA bill. One of the things that is interesting about it is the number of ports we are talking about. I often prided Tulsa as being the most inland port; however, it could conceivably be that Omaha may be giving us competition. Nonetheless, it gives you an idea of the significance of this legislation.  Yesterday I talked about what would happen if this legislation doesn't become a law this year. If that happens, 29 navigation, flood control, and environmental restoration projects will not happen. There will be no new Corps reforms to let sponsors improve infrastructure at their own expense. There will be no FEMA assistance to States to rehabilitate unsafe dams. There will be no reforms to help communities address clean and safe drinking water infrastructures, which is a serious problem in my State of Oklahoma. There will be no deal on the coal ash, which has plagued the coal utilities for years with lawsuits. Finally, we have a very difficult issue that we have dealt with to most people's satisfaction, and so we want to get this done in fast order, and today is a very important day in accomplishing that.  Here are some other reasons why the bill is so important. The bill gets us back to every 2 years. At one time when the first WRDA came out--and I was there when it happened--we were supposed to have a Water, Resources, and Development Act every 2 years, but then we started slipping. During the last 8 years, prior to our coming back as a majority, we really didn't address this issue. This puts us back into our schedule of doing it every 2 years. These reforms can't wait any longer.  Secondly, we have recently been reminded several times of the need for Corps projects. We saw the algae wash up on the beaches in Florida this summer. The project that will fix Lake Okeechobee and prevent this problem in the future is in WRDA 2016.  I generally don't like everglades projects. In fact, I can remember--it wasn't that many years ago--when I was the only one voting against the Everglades Restoration Act. However, let's keep in mind that at that time there was not a chief report on it, and now that there is, we have something very significant that does affect that.  This chart shows the algae blooms in St. Lucie, FL. This is a picture of the algae blooms, which were caused by deteriorating water conditions. Not only are these blooms environmentally hazardous, but they are also economically debilitating to the communities living along south Florida's working coastline. Communities along the coast depend on clean, fresh waterflows to draw in tourism. As these blooms spread along the coast, economic development is negatively impacted. If we don't authorize the Central Everglades Planning Project, those communities will cease to exist.  We also saw historic flooding in Baton Rouge, LA. There are two ongoing Corps projects that could have prevented much of the damage that we saw last month. WRDA 2016 directs the Corps to expedite the completion of these projects.  This chart shows the Baton Rouge, LA, flooding. We can no longer use the ``fix as it fails approach'' as America's flood protection. It is not about economic losses that communities face after a devastating flood; it is about loss of human lives. We are talking about human lives, and not acting is just not an option.  Last year there were several collisions in the Houston Ship Channel because of the design deficiency. The channel is too narrow, and the Coast Guard has declared it to be a precautionary zone. This chart shows the Houston Ship Channel collision that happened in 2015. Without this bill, the navigation safety project to correct this issue will not move forward.  The Corps of Engineers projects that these projects help generate $109 billion in annual economic development and generate $32 billion in revenue for the U.S. Treasury. Few understand the economic benefits associated with WRDA. As I noted yesterday, expansion of the Panama Canal is complete, now allowing the larger--I think they call them the post-Panamax boats--to pass through the canal. Look at the comparison of the two vessels. This is what they can use today, and that is what is happening now.  This chart shows the pre- and post-Panamax ships. By not passing this bill, many of the important deepening projects for our nations will go unfunded, making it difficult for them to accommodate new Panamax shipping vessels.  One port that I pointed out yesterday was Charleston, SC. They have a 45-foot channel. With this bill, they will now be able to get to the 50- to 51-foot channel range that is necessary for this ship to be able to come in. The alternative to that is going somewhere in the Caribbean so they can break down these loads and put them on smaller ships. That increases the costs dramatically, and we are not going to allow that to happen.  The investments in drinking water and other investments are important, but let's not forget the fact that there are ports we can't use right now because they can't accommodate the big ships. The investments in drinking water and wastewater infrastructure will benefit both public health and our economy. Earlier I mentioned that this is really significant for my State of Oklahoma. We have States that are not wealthy States and are primarily rural areas, and the unfunded mandates that come in are just unbearable. I say this from experience. I used to be mayor of a major city, Tulsa, OK, for a number of years. At that time our biggest problem was unfunded mandates, and that is what we are separating from today. We can pretty much correct that with the changes we are making in our WRDA bill.  A recent study by the Water Environment Federation shows, just as this chart shows, that for every million dollars of Federal spending on drinking water and clean water infrastructure, we get $2.95 million in economic output for the U.S. economy. Due to the ripple effect through the economy, these investments will result in new Federal tax revenues nearly equal to infrastructure investments. That is why we need to pass the WRDA bill now, and we have it in front of us today. It is a bill that will help protect America's working people and has major economic benefits.  The main reason I wanted to come to the floor--this is the second time that we have made this. It is not a mandate. It is just that the managers of this bill--that is Senator Boxer from California, the leadership, and I--all agree that in order to finally get people to bring their amendments to the floor, we need to have a deadline, which will be noon tomorrow. We ask that you get your amendments down here this afternoon. We are talking about amendments to the managers' package. We will not be able to consider those not in our package. That doesn't mean we are shutting them off because next week we will have the opportunity to present some, but if you want to have them seriously considered, they need to be in our package. This should come as no surprise, as our committee had asked for any and all amendments in July, prior to the August recess, in preparation for consideration in September. Last week, the Inhofe-Boxer substitute to S. 2848 was circulated, and our office stands ready to assist in any technical capacity in answering questions.  I have to say that Senator Boxer and I have worked very closely together. There are a lot of amendments that have come up and have been discussed. Some have been accepted, and others are being considered. Some are popular with Democrats but not Republicans, and the reverse is also true. This is our opportunity to do it.  If Members are unable to make the noon deadline tomorrow for our managers' package, we will still work to ensure that all amendments receive equal consideration as we work to clear as many amendments as possible and work to move amendments in regular order prior to the amendment-filing deadline for the underlying bill next week.  We have the opportunity to do this. We are now operating on deadlines. It has been my experience in the Senate that until you have a deadline where you have to do it, people, generally speaking, find other things to do. We are going to hold their feet to the fire this time. Let's try to get this through.  Let me just comment on Senator Boxer. We have worked on so many bills that are very meaningful to the American people. I can remember when they said on our side that we were not going to have a 5-year massive highway reauthorization bill. Yet I tried to explain to my conservative friends that that is the conservative approach because the only alternative to that is extensions. If you have extensions, that doesn't work at all.  We have worked very well together on that legislation, and of course we also were able to work on our chemical bill and do that, and now we are going to get this done next week.  I wish to yield to Senator Boxer and then retake the floor for the motions that will be necessary.  