President, I want to comment that I have dramatically shortened my presentation, as I was crossing off things from my list that have already been more eloquently expressed by my friend from Kansas, and I think it shows. He brought out a point I think is significant; that the first of the year we were able to pass the highway bill, which is a major piece of legislation. It is the first time since 1998 we were able to get that reauthorization bill, and it was because of the interim period of time we had the short-term fixes that the Senator from Kansas was talking about. Those are expensive, and you can't do major overhauls, improvements, and modernization unless you have an authorization bill, and this covers a lot of areas.  I want to repeat one thing the Senator from Kansas stated, and that is in reference to Senators Thune and Nelson. Any time you--and I would say this to all of the members of the Commerce Committee--any time you get a major piece of legislation that covers a lot of stuff, there is always a lot of confusion and some opposition, although not as much opposition to this as we had anticipated would be taking place.  So there are areas I want to visit that I have a special interest in. One is the certification process for general aviation pilots. I know this was mentioned by Senator Moran, but this is something that is very significant. I want to cover it in perhaps a little bit more detail, along with the other areas and an amendment we have. I am getting a lot of Democratic support on my amendment, amending the use of drones, the allowable use of drones.  First of all, on the Pilot's Bill of Rights, I refresh everyone's memory that the first Pilot's Bill of Rights was something we passed in 2012. It was one that for the first time took care of a problem that had been out there. The only group of people in America who did not have the opportunity of the protections, the legal protections in our jurisprudence system, was general aviation pilots and other pilots because it allowed the FAA to come in and make all kinds of accusations without giving people the benefit of the evidence that was being used against them. We passed a good bill called the Pilot's Bill of Rights.  Last year, in Oshkosh--Oshkosh is the largest general aviation event of the year. It is one that involves hundreds of thousands of people and actually thousands of aircraft on the field. I say to the Presiding Officer, I can remember this was the 37th annual convention that I have attended and flown in, in the last 37 years, so I am very familiar with this. Of course, when I got there, they were interested in the successes that were in the Pilot's Bill of Rights, but there are some things that weren't in there that should have been in there. So we had a session with people--I mean, there are people from all 50 States and countries around the world, and so one of the areas of concern has been about the medical certification process. It is called a third-class medical. A third-class medical is something that goes into a lot of things that are not necessary and sometimes deter the safety factor that is built into medical certification. So we reformed that system.  By the way, I have to say that we have already passed this bill in the Senate. The last thing we did before breaking for Christmas, 10 minutes before we recessed, was to pass a freestanding bill that is worded exactly the same way that is in this bill. This is a backup. Since that got bogged down in the House for a period of time, we thought we would put this in here just to make sure that one way or another this does become a reality. It is singularly the greatest concern for large organizations, including the Experimental Aircraft Association and the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, the AOPA.  We put a system in there that provides--first of all, the pilots will still have to do some of the elements of what was considered to be a third-class medical. A third-class medical--10 years ago we repealed that, or reformed it, for pilots of very small aircraft, the light aircraft. In fact, there hasn't been one injury or death in the last 10 years that could be related to anything, any change that was made in that system. So this just allows the other pilots to have the same benefits the pilots did in the small aircraft.  Pilots still have to complete an online medical education course. Pilots are going to have to maintain verification that they have seen a doctor concerning anything that might impair their ability to safely fly an airplane. Pilots have to complete a comprehensive medical review initially by the FAA. So those safeguards are built in.  The Pilot's Bill of Rights 2 increases its due process protections established for pilots in the original Pilot's Bill of Rights. The original Pilot's Bill of Rights--since I have been active in aviation for over 60 years, it was only natural that when problems came up, people would contact me as opposed to their own Senators, in many cases. I was concerned and always tried to help people. But until those abuses occurred to me, and I realized all of a sudden that I was at risk of losing a pilot certificate and didn't have the means to defend myself--that is when this whole effort started.  Well, this was carried out in the reforms that we intended to put in the first bill that were not really strong enough to get the FAA to comply with, which we have in this bill. One of those is called NOTAMs, Notices to Airmen.  By the way, when I talk about this, this doesn't mean a lot to a lot of other people, but there are 590,000 single-issue general aviation pilots in America to whom it means a lot. So these guys are all very much concerned about it, and they are all anxious for this to become a reality.  A Notice to Airmen is something that is required and has been required for a long period of time so that people will know--if you are going to make a flight from airport A to airport B, if there is any problem at that airport where you are going to land in terms of work on the runway or in terms of lights being out or new towers being erected or something like that, they have NOTAMs, which are Notices to Airmen. So this is going to carry into reality the reform that we intended to do in 2012.  It also ensures that pilots are going to have access to the flight data, such as air traffic communication tapes and that type of thing. So it is good. I know it doesn't mean a lot to a lot of other people, but it sure does to 509,000 people.  The contract towers--this is a major program. It is kind of interesting. We established a program of contract towers intended to reach areas that didn't really have the unique, normal necessity of information and assistance that we would have in normal towers, and the towers do a great job. And I am now talking about the regular towers, but the contract towers have also done a good job.  In 2013 the Obama administration targeted our Nation's air traffic control towers as an unnecessary mechanism to make the public feel the pain of nondefense budget cuts. Well, that was back during sequestration time, and at that time they were going to close all of the contract towers. They were saying that these towers don't--one of the arguments they used is that they don't have the traffic that many other towers have. Well, I suggest to my colleagues that in my State of Oklahoma, we have a number of great universities and colleges, and the two largest are Oklahoma State University and Oklahoma University. They are located in Stillwater, OK, and Norman, OK. I can tell my colleagues right now that if they had been successful in closing down those two contract towers, on football days, when we have literally hundreds of airplanes coming in, all converging at about the same time, it would have been a life-threatening event. We now have been able to maintain those contract towers in a cost-sharing program that has been very successful in the past, and that is in this bill also.  Aircraft certification is an issue some of us are very concerned about. The Oklahoma aerospace industry is a vital and growing component of the State's economy. It is responsible for billions of dollars of economic output and employs thousands of people. The aerospace industry in Oklahoma includes commercial, military, and general aviation manufacturing, testingand maintenance activities, as well as a vibrant and cutting-edge culture of research and development that is located in my State of Oklahoma. Both of our major universities are an important part of this.  With this in mind, I applaud the bill's inclusion of reforms to the FAA's process for certifying general aviation aircraft and aviation products such as engines and avionics, removing government redtape that is so prevalent that we are all so sensitive to and aware of.  The bill also ensures that the FAA maintains strong engagement with industry stakeholders, so the FAA's safety oversight and certification process includes performance-based objectives and tracks performance-based metrics. This is key to eliminating bureaucratic delays and having increased accountability between the FAA and the aviation community for type certificate resolution or the installation of safety-enhancing technology on small general aviation aircraft.  Now, I have an amendment. The Senator from Kansas was talking about some of the uses and restrictions and the expansion of the use of the UAVs. We are talking about drones now. Drones sometimes have a bad reputation, and normally it is not well-founded. But there are some areas where there were restrictions in the use of drones, which we are--I have an amendment that will allow drones to be used in areas where it does make sense. I already have several Democratic supporters and cosponsors of this amendment, including Senator Whitehouse and Senator Heitkamp and Senator Booker, who are all very enthused about this.  It would direct the FAA to establish rules to allow critical infrastructure owners and operators to use unmanned aircraft systems to carry out federally mandated patrols of an area, and that could be a pipeline or anything else that is currently being patrolled, some by foot and some by aircraft, and this would allow unmanned aircraft to do that same thing. It is a safety thing because some of these patrols have to take place in bad weather and sometimes risk is involved. But if you don't have a person in the airplane--an unmanned plane--then this is an ideal use for it. It does establish a pathway for critical infrastructure operators to use the airspace under the FAA guidelines. It is still under FAA guidelines, but nonetheless it is an opportunity to use it.  Today, critical infrastructure owners and operators are required to comply with significant requirements to monitor facilities and assets, which can stretch thousands of miles. This is something to which I think there should not be any opposition. We haven't had anyone whom I have asked to be a cosponsor deny us so far, and I don't anticipate that we will have a problem.  The amendment is supported by a wide array of stakeholders, including the National Rural Electric Cooperative, the American Public Power Association, Edison Electric Institute, CTIA--The Wireless Association, the American Gas Association, the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, the American Petroleum Institute, and I could go on and on. So far, there is neither organized nor just normal opposition, as one would normally find, so it is very popular. No one that I know of is against it. This is an amendment I will be offering as soon as we start working on amendments. This amendment will make this bill an even better bill.  Again, I applaud all the work that has been done by the members of the Commerce Committee and particularly by the chairman and the ranking member, Senators Thune and Nelson, in getting this done. We are getting into an area where we are really being productive in this body, and I am very proud to be a part of it.  We need to keep our eyes open on this. I would encourage any Members who have amendments they want to be included in this to come to the floor with their amendments and do what I am doing right now so that we can get in the queue, we can get started and get this done. I don't know when we are anticipating finishing this bill, but I don't see any reason why we can't do it, if everyone gets amendments done, by the end of next week.  With that, I will yield the floor. I think we have several speakers lined up who are going to be here.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  