President, today we have the opportunity to vote on an important piece of legislation that will support efforts to combat the opioid epidemic our country is facing. In my home State of Oklahoma, we have seen deaths from prescription drug overdose on the rise. In 2014, Oklahoma set a new record in the number of deaths by overdose. During that time, 864 people lost their lives and 510 of those people had prescription drugs as the cause. Oklahoma has continuously ranked near the top of the nation in narcotic prescribing activity and overdose deaths.  In 2015, Oklahoma sought to address this problem by introducing House bill 1948 that requires doctors to check an online database before prescribing opioids. This law went into effect in November and was designed to help spot patients who are receiving prescriptions from several physicians at the same time, a practice known as doctor-shopping. Oklahoma is taking an important step in addressing the opioid epidemic, but as we know, this does not just affect my State, but the entire Nation.  The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, CARA, will provide grants to States to fight the abuse of prescription pain relievers and heroin, as well as grants that address criminal justice activities, treatment of pregnant and postpartum women with substance abuse problems, first responder education and training and treatment and recovery programs.  In addition, CARA addresses the opioid issue as it affects the veterans' community specifically. Our veterans have put their lives on the line to protect our Nation, and it is our job to make sure that they are getting thetreatment and prevention services they deserve. Many of our veterans come home with painful injuries that will alter their daily lives going forward. It is important that, through the Department of Veteran's Affairs, we develop best practices for pain management that do not lead to addiction. CARA addresses this by requiring that all VA employees who prescribe opioids receive education and training on pain management and safe opioid prescribing practices.  This truly is a comprehensive response to the opioid epidemic, and I hope my colleagues will join me in support of this bill as we take an important step in combating this addiction crisis.  