President, since Friday, my State and DC offices have been flooded with calls from concerned constituents regarding President Obama's latest unilateral action directing public schools and colleges to allow transgender kids into the bathrooms and locker rooms of their choice. In Oklahoma, we understand what this is all about. This is all about a liberal agenda being crammed down the neck of Oklahoma and the rest of the country.  On Sunday, I went to a church service near the Grand Lake area in Northeastern Oklahoma, where the nearest community has about 250 people. The pastor, whose name is Mark, said, ``If ever there were a Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego moment in America, it is now.''  They understand that there is a real battle going on in Washington for our values. These values should be decided at the local level by the parents and teachers who truly understand what needs to take place to protect all kids.  He went on to say that ``we have to embolden our school board members [and other politicians] with our support.'' I agree. This is why I put forth a bill last year, which passed last year, to empower local school authorities to make these kinds of decisions. What the President is doing is unilaterally redefining title IX of the education law that prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex. With the new guidance he has issued, Obama is aiming to prohibit anything that could be construed as discrimination against ``gender identity, including discrimination based on a student's transgender status.''  Ultimately, the President is demanding, under threat of losing significant public assistance--in my State of Oklahoma, this amounts to about $450 million--if States and school districts don't comply. In other words, it is blackmail: You comply or you lose something you are entitled to.  By rewriting the law, President Obama has decided, without any input from Congress, that local schools must accommodate a very small segment of the population in a very specific way by allowing them to use the bathroom of their choice. By blackmailing our schools with funding that goes to low-income and special needs kids--money which schools are already entitled to receive--the Obama administration is writing its own laws to punish those who disagree.  As the pastor said this weekend, ``We should not sell out the innocence and the safety of our children'' as a condition for receiving Federal money that helps those who need it the most. In fact, he went on to say: We just will not accept it. We don't need to accept it. It is not worth the price we would pay.  This misguided policy is directed at the comfort of a microminority at the expense of the comfort, privacy, and safety of the majority of students who do not want to expose themselves or be exposed to another student of a different sex.  As Oklahoma's attorney general, Scott Pruitt, has noted, the administration's letter ``definitely changes the law in that it takes the unprecedented step of redefining `sex' to mean 'gender identity.' '' Furthermore, he states that the President's actions ``are unlawful'' and that they represent the ``most egregious administrative overreach to date'' and that Oklahoma ``will vigorously defend the State's interests.''  I fully support Oklahoma and other States that are vowing to fight this undemocratic edict from a politician who is no longer accountable to the voters. Oklahoma's parents, schools, and State and local boards are best equipped to deal with the issues they face in the classroom and on school grounds and should not be dictated to from Washington.  Our Nation's schools should not be ground zero for social experiments from the liberal agenda, and this is exactly what is happening now, but it doesn't take an Attorney General or a U.S. Senator to come to these conclusions. I thank God that basic morality is ringing out from the pews, not just in Northeastern Oklahoma but throughout America.  You are doing the Lord's work, Mark. Keep it up.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time spent in a quorum call before 12:30 p.m. today be equally divided.  