President, at 11:30, we will be voting on the WRDA bill, which we have talked extensively about for the last 2 weeks and the benefits it has. I applaud my Senate colleagues for advancing the WRDA bill to the floor to get to this point. We all have a lot to be proud of in the bipartisan passage of another critical infrastructure bill. We are kind of on a roll, really, when we think about our FAST Act and the chemical bill. We have a lot of things we have been doing, and we are authorizing the Engineers' 30 Chief's reports that recommend the construction of new projects with significant economic benefits. The modernization projects bill will modernize our Nation's ports and make our waterways safe and reliable.  This Panamax chart shows that we have a problem in this country with some of our ports because as the Panama Canal has expanded--and we have this Panamax, which the top shows the new capacity and then the old capacity--we have to do something to help our various ports.  Take the Port of Charleston, It has a 45-foot deck. That is fine for the old ships, but for the new ones it is not. The alternative is to take the ships into the Caribbean, change them, offload some things, which is a great deal of expense. It is not necessary.  We deal with flood control projects in this bill. If we look at this chart and the picture, we must provide the necessary level of protection to our communities before another unfortunate disaster occurs like the one we are looking at in Louisiana. Of course, WRDA helps to do that.  The environmental projects in the bill also help our Nation's critical ecosystems, including water off the coast of Florida which is experiencing the algae blooms that are disrupting the economy. Of course, the occupier of the Chair is very much responsible for that.  It is important to note that this bill does a lot more than authorize new projects. WRDA 2016 includes substantive reforms to the Army Corps policy so local sponsors will be empowered to participate in the funding. This is a big deal, because we would think we shouldn't have to pass a law to accommodate those individuals who want to pay for things that otherwise the government is going to have to pay for. So we change the law.  It also establishes the FEMA assistance program to help States rehabilitate the unsafe dams. There are 14,726 which have been identified called high-hazard potential dams located all around the country. We can see that around the country--the term ``high hazard potential'' means that if a dam breaks or if a levee breaks, it will take American lives. It will cost lives. We have 14,000 of these scattered around the country.  The WRDA bill also provides reforms and assistance that will help communities address clean water and safe drinking water infrastructure mandates and help address aging infrastructure like this broken water main in Philadelphia. We can see it is not just in the larger, older parts of America. This is one where we have problems in the newer sections and the less-populated areas, such as my State of Oklahoma.  WRDA also supports innovative approaches to address drought and water supply issues, which is particularly a problem out West and in my State.  Finally, in addition to supporting infrastructure--and therefore the economy--WRDA carries four significant priority policies: It addresses the affordability of Clean Water Act mandates, unfunded mandates. We have been living with these since I was mayor of the city of Tulsa. Our biggest problem is unfunded mandates. In our area, we have a real serious problem in our smaller communities so it does address that.  It addresses EPA's coal ash rule. The coal ash rule is something that has been batted around for a long time. There are a lot of diverse thoughts on it. We came to a compromise on this, and it is something that will allow us to use the value of the coal ash for building roads and also taking care of the disposal problem.  WRDA 2016 includes exemptions from the SPCC rule for farmers. Senator Fischer has championed this issue, and I have been with her all the way on this. The WRDA bill will exempt all animal feed tanks, and up to two tanks on separate parcels, to allow farmers to refuel their equipment out in the field without being subject to onerous regulations. She has done a great job.  Finally, the WRDA bill includes Gold King Mine legislation that will guarantee EPA will reimburse States, local governments, and tribes for the costs they incur cleaning up the mess that EPA makes.  So we are one step closer to getting back on track with passing the WRDA bill every 2 years. We went 7 years, from 2010 to 2017, without doing a WRDA bill. We are back on a 2-year schedule now. We want to stay that way. Senator Boxer and I have talked about this, and we have worked together to make sure this does get done. We have also talked to Chairman Shuster and Chairman Upton of the House to make sure this gets done. As when I came way back many years ago, he feels very strongly about the relief that Flint has and the drinking water emergency. I will talk a little bit more about this later after we vote on the bill.  I thank not just Senator Boxer for being chair of the committee, she has been the ranking member, and then when Democrats were in charge, she was the chairman and I was the ranking member, all the way through this. We were able to do what we were supposed to do; that is, infrastructure. I do applaud Senator Boxer. I will share my time before our vote with her. Maybe we can visit more about the benefits of this. I look forward to thanking the rest of the people afterward.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  