President, I have to get on the record after the events of the last week and the claims that some of my colleagues made on the Senate floor and that the mainstream media have published about the horrific event in Orlando.  Before we had all the facts about what happened in Orlando last Sunday, people on the left were blaming Congress, and people on the left were blaming Republicans. They were blaming all gun owners who were out there, and they were blaming anyone they could think of for this terrorist attack. The actual person responsible for killing 49 people that day is Omar Mateen, an Islamic terrorist.  There is something wrong with this aversion they have to talking about the real cause of these tragedies that are going on right now around the Nation. By immediately politicizing this act of terrorism, the left has denied the victims, their families, and their friends our full attention and our care. They have denied the Nation a period of mourning for those we lost at the hands of a terrorist who pledged allegiance to the Islamic state.  Last week my colleagues on the other side of the aisle participated in a filibuster against gun rights, and they have continued to demonize those who still believe in the Constitution and the rights that it protects. I am not just talking about gun rights, I am talking about the right to due process, the right to be innocent until proven guilty.  In fact, in their effort to twist this act of terrorism into a need to curtail our constitutional rights, the Washington Post--we are talking about the Washington Post. That is not one of the more conservative publications around. They gave the arguments that they were using against guns three out of four Pinocchios for the way that they falsely twisted information to fit their narrative. Pinocchio means they have studied it, they have looked at it, and they have decided what they said wasn't true.  The left was given a chance for the Senate to vote on their gun control proposals, which would not have prevented this terrorist act from happening, and their proposals ultimately failed to progress in the Senate. Meanwhile, Democrats voted against the amendments that would strengthen our gun laws and keep guns out of the hands of terrorists while protecting the rights of due process.  Over the past week, you have heard my friends on the left say that if you can't fly, you shouldn't be able to buy a gun. Well, this sounds good, and a lot of the media has kind of bought into this idea, but you can't take away the fact that flying is a privilege in this country and gun ownership is a right that is guaranteed by the Constitution. That is a huge difference. You cannot take away a constitutionally protected right without notice and a fair and impartial hearing.  Denying someone their civil rights based on secret lists is unconstitutional. I think everyone knows that, and it will be struck down by the courts. Everybody knows that, but it sounds so good right now to say everyone is going to want to be for gun control. One of the things people forget is they are trying to pass laws that are going to offend the rights of gun owners when, by definition, a criminal breaks laws, a terrorist breaks laws. Consequently, you would have only those individuals who are law-abiding citizens complying with the law.  It is a very simple concept. Again, everyone knows that, but given the irrefutable evidence of Mateen's motivations, many wonder why the administration, supported by the Democrats, is so focused on policies that don't address the core cause of this horrific act--terrorism and the influence of radical Islam here in the United States of America.  The answer is simple. Focusing on the root cause and Mateen's motivations will only further expose the fact that the policies of this administration, supported by most of his own party in Congress, have been a complete failure. Time and again, the President's rhetoric on ISIL, terrorism, and the threat to America is proven wrong in reality.  In January of 2014, the President referred to ISIL as a JV squad and downplayed their threat and influence. Yet just 4 days before he dismissed ISIL as a minor player in the Middle East, they had captured and raised the flag over Fallujah, where our marines fought and died.  My State director is Brian Hackler. I first met Brian Hackler when I was in Fallujah. That was right after--we all remember; I am sure the Presiding Officer remembers--they were taking thefingerprints of the heroic people who were risking their lives to vote over there, and we won in Fallujah. It was like World War II, door-to-door combat. We actually won.  Brian Hackler came back. I hired him after he came back. He is doing a great job for me now. When I called him and I had to tell him that we had lost Fallujah after we had Fallujah in our hands, he literally cried. He had friends who died over there.  Furthermore, the President failed to recognize the threat posed by the Muslim Brotherhood. President Obama created the vacuum in the Middle East that gave rise to ISIL.  He downplayed Benghazi. I remember he tried to blame it on a video. I can remember that because I talked to James Clapper, and I talked to all of the intelligence people right after that happened. I did so because of my position at that time as ranking member on the Armed Services Committee. They all said at the time of Benghazi they knew that it was a terrorist attack. It had nothing to do with the video.  The President also said that ISIL was contained hours before the attack on Paris.  The threat to our country and our security is increasing--Fort Hood, Boston, San Bernardino, and now Orlando. The attacks are not the fault of the West, they are the fault of radical Islam. Somehow the administration can't say it. They can't say radical Islam.  Most recently we heard from the White House that ISIL is retreating. This is from President Obama--that ISIL is retreating, it is declining and losing territory and losing funds, but just last week CIA Director John Brennan testified before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and he said: ``Our efforts have not reduced ISIL's terrorism capability and global reach.'' Furthermore, Brennan went on to say: ``ISIL is probably exploring a variety of means for infiltrating operatives into the West, including the refugee flows, smuggling routes and the legitimate methods of travel.''  That is a quote from him. So we have the President on one hand saying it is contained, we are successful, ISIL is disappearing, at the same time the CIA Director he appointed is telling us the truth--that we are losing, and this is serious.  I have looked back wistfully at the good old days of the Cold War. I never thought I would say ``the good old days of the Cold War,'' but in reality we are in a much greater threatened position today than we ever were in the Cold War. In the Cold War, we had two superpowers. We knew what they had. They knew what we had. We were predictable. It was mutually assured destruction. That doesn't mean anything anymore. These people want to break the law.  It was incredible testimony John Brennan gave before the Senate committee, in light of the administration's talking points, and it should have all of us seeking ways to ensure they are not successful. However, policy proposals to combat these threats--extra vetting of the refugees, pausing the refugee program, the stepping up of border protection and enforcing our immigrations laws through visa enforcement--are all ignored by this administration. They would rather paint us, the Republicans, as arms dealers to terrorists and yet remain silent on the President's deal with Iran, the No. 1 state sponsor of terrorism.  I can remember when the President, with the Secretary of State, put together the deal with Iran. This was going to see Iran all of a sudden change. Today, Iran is still the chief supplier of terrorist activity around the world. Yet we released billions of dollars to them through this deal that was made.  It is interesting. I happened to be on the USS--I can't remember which one it was, one of the aircraft carriers in the Persian Gulf at the same time this deal was being put together by the President and by the Secretary of State. That is when we found that there was an Iranian ship that was carrying weapons from North Korea to Yemen at the very time they were pledging their love for us and they were working with us in this program.  Their deal with Iran is giving them the resources necessary to support terrorism. ISIL and similar radical groups seek to extinguish our freedoms and to terrorize, kill, and oppress anyone who lives counter to their extreme ideology. No matter how they carry out their evil, their mission will always be superseded by our Nation's laws. We have to protect the Constitution, support law-abiding citizens' rights to due process and to bear arms and to focus on the real threat: Islamic terrorism, radical Islam.  I just wish the administration would talk about this--this greatest threat to our Nation. We are doing something--though this is totally unrelated, but it is something that happened in my State of Oklahoma earlier this week. Earlier this week, the county commissioners in my city of Tulsa and in my State of Oklahoma voted to renew a memorandum of understanding with ICE--that is Immigration and Customs Enforcement--to detain their inmates and train local deputies to refer threats of violent criminals to the Federal authorities.  Entering into a memorandum of understanding--an MOU--had been a routine procedure until last week, when it was derailed by illegal immigrant activists--the same type of activists we see across the country pushing sanctuary policies, policies to give sanctuary to terrorists and policies to protect criminal aliens, allowing them to continue committing crimes against our citizens such as the one we saw with the murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco almost a year ago.  Law enforcement across the country takes part in this program so they can do their job of keeping criminals off the streets. However, their efforts are continually frustrated by liberal activists seeking to shield those same criminals from the consequences of their actions. We should stand with our friends in law enforcement, in their communities, who are working every day to ensure our safety and the safety of others.  Whether criminal immigrants are here illegally or legally, it should not be controversial to deny them the privilege of staying in our country, and we should remove them from our communities until they are removed from our country. When we refuse to do it, we reward their behavior and give them an opportunity to continue to commit violent crimes.  Why is this such a big deal? In 2014--and people heard this way back in 2014 but they have forgotten it. During the year of 2014, the Obama administration released over 30,000 criminal aliens from custody, and by July of last year--so now we are talking about in the first 6 months after they released 30,000 criminal aliens--1,800 of them went on to commit over 2,500 new crimes.  That may not be believable, and because it is not believable, a lot of people don't believe it, but it actually happened. It is a fact the Obama administration released over 30,000 criminal aliens, and 6 months later, 1,800 of them--that we know of, probably more than that--went on to commit crimes. Instead of deporting people who shouldn't be here, the administration released them back onto our streets, where they committed new, preventable crimes, including assault, sex offenses, kidnappings, and even homicide.  Between 2010 and 2015, we had 135 preventable homicides occur in our communities across the country by criminal aliens who had been released by this administration. Now, this is very difficult to believe, and certainly it is not acceptable. The excuse the administration uses is two little known Supreme Court cases that determined criminal aliens cannot be detained in the United States for more than 6 months while awaiting deportation. However, there are many factors which can prevent a deportation from taking place within the 6-month period.  It is interesting that excuse is being used, and in order to take away this excuse, I introduced the Keep Our Communities Safe Act during the past two Congresses, and I am introducing it today as an amendment--amendment No. 4732--to the CJS appropriations bill. This legislation would allow the Department of Homeland Security to petition the courts to hold a criminally convicted alien for a renewable 6-month period until deportation occurs, if the Secretary deems the alien would be a threat to national security or the safety of the community, among other reasons.  We are talking about communities. This is back home. This is my community. This is where this is happening and throughout America. Some organizations, such as the ACLU and other liberal organizations, believe this bill amounts to indefinite detention, in violation of a criminal's due process rights. However, in addition to the specified circumstances of continued detention I just mentioned, this bill requires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security--that is what they are supposed to be doing--to recertify the person is a threat every 6 months. In other words, if this person is a threat, rather than automatically turning them loose in 6 months, he can recertify the fact they are a threat and every 6 months continue to keep them. Furthermore, an alien can submit evidence for review of his or her detention and will still have access to our courts, giving judges a say in the process.  We were unable to get this added in the last 2 years. I can't imagine, after all the things that have happened just this year--and of course right on the heels of the disaster that just happened--I can't imagine people wouldn't want to do this, do everything they can to keep from turning these people loose.  I go back and repeat that this administration turned loose 30,000 criminal aliens onto the streets--this was in the year of 2014--and in the first 6 months in the following year, they had actually committed more crimes.  So there is this thing about turning people loose. It is very similar to what the administration is doing in Gitmo. We passed a law, actually in the committee.  Let me make an inquiry of the Chair. Are we on a time requirement here?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). No, Senator, we are not.  