 Let's talk a little bit about this because yesterday I talked about what is going to happen if we don't pass a WRDA bill. Keep in mind that we have gone sometimes as long as 7 or 8 years without passing one. We are supposed to do it every 2 years, and I think this could be the time that it will become a reality.  I will repeat what I said yesterday: What will happen if we don't have a bill? I think every Member, Democrat and Republican, will be affected by this and will be concerned if we don't get this legislation passed. First of all, there are 29 navigation flood control and environmental restoration projects that will not happen unless we pass this bill. There will be no new Corps reforms that will let local sponsors improve infrastructure at their own expense. I will talk a little bit about that because it is not very often that we have a bill where we have to encourage people to let other people pay for what the government would normally be paying for. We have come to an agreement in this bill, which is a good thing, and it is a good provision.  If we don't pass the bill, there is not going to be any FEMA assistance to the States that need to rehabilitate the unsafe dams.  If we don't pass the bill, there will be no reforms to help communities address clean and safe drinking water infrastructures. I come from a State where we have a lot of small rural communities, which don't have an abundance of resources. Back when I was mayor of Tulsa, the biggest enemy Ihad was unfunded mandates. The Federal Government would come along and say ``You have to do this,'' and yet we had to figure out a way to pay for it. That is what we are trying to get away from, and this bill helps us do that.  If we don't pass the bill, there will not be new assistance for innovative approaches to clean water and drinking water needs, and there will be no protection for the coal utilities from runaway coal-ash lawsuits. We have specifically addressed that.  I have to admit that there are a lot of things we worked out in this bill that Democrats like and the Republicans don't like and Republicans don't like and Democrats like, but that is how we got things done. Sooner or later there is an outcry out there for us to get things done, and this is certainly a good way to encourage these people to understand that there is hope in what we are doing.  I have some charts, and the first one I want to show is the map of the inland waterway system. There are 40 States that are directly served by ports and waterways maintained by the Corps of Engineers. This system handles over 2.3 billion tons of freight each year, and this commerce is critical to the United States.  I invite everyone to look at this chart. This is Tulsa, OK. Everyone knows where Oklahoma is. It is kind of in the middle of the United States. How many people in America know that we are navigable in Tulsa, OK? We have a navigation way that goes all the way up. We are fighting to keep the navigation way strong, and that is what this bill is all about. If you look at all of the things that are being serviced here--that is what this bill is all about. That is how far-reaching it is.  We have to keep our water transportation system operational. For example, the senior vice president of Marathon Petroleum Corporation told the Environmental Protection Committee, my committee, that they have a number of situations up and down the Ohio River where lock gates have failed to function and Marathon's barges were stopped for 50 or 60 days at the cost of millions and millions of dollars. He told us there was one lock where the gate literally fell off and took months to repair.  The second chart we have is the Ohio lock repairs. This could be anywhere, but this is what it looks like when you get down there. When we have lock problems in my State of Oklahoma, I go out there and get down there with them and look to see what we can do. But that is fairly recent in Oklahoma.  Look at the Ohio River. I can't tell you how old it is, but you can see the repairs that need to take place. This problem is not exclusive to the Ohio River. It exists in most major locks throughout the inland waterway. These projects are experiencing a slow creep of Federal inaction.  Under the current law, a local sponsor, such as a port, has to wait for the Corps to get Federal appropriations and issue Federal contracts before locks, dams, and ports can be maintained. Even when a lock gate is literally falling off, under current law, they are not allowed to use their own money to help out.  The Corps maintenance budget is stretched thin so WRDA 2016 comes up with a solution, and this is a logical solution. In WRDA, the bill that we are going to consider and will hopefully pass, we let local sponsors, such as ports, either give money to the Corps to carry out maintenance or do their own maintenance using their own dollars. This is an opportunity. These are not taxpayer dollars, but the need is so critical that there are people out there willing to do this, and we will be able to do that with the passage of this bill.  We also have to modernize our ports. We have to invest in our Nation's ports now so that American ports can handle larger post-Panamax vessels. The new vessels that are coming through the Panama Canal now are vessels that require a greater depth. Here is a comparison. The top is the post-Panamax, and the bottom is what we are using today. You can get an idea of the number of containers that they can transport.  This picture shows the current Panamax vessel on the bottom and the new post-Panamax vessel on top. As you can see, the post-Panamax vessel can handle double the cargo of their predecessor. This increase in cargo volume means cheaper shipping costs, which translates into cheaper costs for consumers, but in order to achieve this, we have to deepen our Nation's strategic ports to accommodate it. WRDA 2016, the bill we are talking about now, has a number of provisions that will ensure that we grow the economy, increase our competitiveness in the global marketplace, and promote long-term prosperity. These provisions include important harbor deepening projects for Charleston, SC, Port Everglades, FL, Brownsville, TX, and throughout America.  This chart shows the Charleston Harbor. It is authorized to be deepened under this bill. Right now it is 45 feet deep. In order to use the Panamax to come into that particular port, it has to be closer to 51 feet instead of 45 feet. What happens if that doesn't happen? If it doesn't happen, they have to go to someplace in the Caribbean where they offload the large vessel and divide it up into small vessels, which dramatically increases the costs. Anyone who is concerned about low costs has to keep in mind that this is a major opportunity not just for Charleston Harbor, but for harbors throughout the United States.  Let's talk about flood control. Let's start with the levees. The Corps built 14,700 miles of levees that protect billions of dollars of infrastructure and homes. We have some of these levees in my hometown of Tulsa, OK. The Corps projects prevent nearly $50 billion a year in damages. Many of these levees were built a long time ago, and some have recently failed.  This chart shows the Iowa River levee breach. This is a levee in Iowa that was overtopped and eventually breached by disastrous floodwaters. In many cases levees like this were constructed by the Army Corps of Engineers decades ago and no longer meet the Corps post-Katrina engineering design guidelines. Also, FEMA has decided that many of these levees don't meet FEMA flood insurance standards. Even though they own the levees, a levee district needs permission from the Corps to upgrade a levee to meet FEMA standards. Several Members of this body have told me that their local levee districts are caught up in a bureaucratic nightmare when they try to get that permission from the Corps. Well, you shouldn't have to do that. Everyone benefits from this. We are streamlining the process to allow levee districts to improve their own levees by using their own money to do it in WRDA 2016. This is nontaxpayer money, and I don't know who could oppose this effort.  There is also an issue with how the Corps rebuilds levees that have been damaged by flood. Right now the Corps will rebuild only to the preexisting level protection, which may be inadequate and may not meet FEMA standards. Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting to have different results. To stop this insanity of wasting Federal dollars by rebuilding the same inadequate levee over and over again, WRDA 2016 allows local levee districts to increase the level of flood protection at their expense when the Corps is rebuilding a levee after a flood. No one can argue with that one.  Let's talk about dams. According to the Corps National Inventory of Dams, there are 14,726 high hazard potential dams in the United States. A high hazard potential dam is defined as a dam that will result in the loss of lives. If you look at this, this is a dam that broke. When that happens downstream, you know people are going to die. This is an area where we can't imagine that anyone would object to it.  This is a picture of a dam in Iowa that failed in June of 2010 after the area received 10 inches of rain. We can avoid disasters like this by making the necessary investments in our water resources infrastructure. By not passing WRDA, we leave communities like this one, and many others throughout the country, vulnerable to catastrophic events. WRDA 2016 helps avoid disasters like this by providing two new dam safety programs.  Keep in mind, we are talking about 14,000 high hazard potential dams--life-threatening dams--right now. One is operated by FEMA to support State dam programs, and one is operated by the Bureau of Indian Affairs to support tribes. Those are the two efforts that we are making.  Let's talk about the EPA clean water and drinking water mandates. Communities around the country are trying to keep up with more and more of the Federal mandates coming from the EPA. I had to deal with this when I was the mayor of Tulsa. It was the unfunded mandates that were the greatest problems that we had, and one of the goals I had in coming to Congress was to stop the mandates. We thought we had done that at one time. This is going to be a great help. Even though our water is much cleaner and our drinking water is much safer than it was 30 or 40 years ago, back when I was mayor of Tulsa, the EPA keeps adding more and more regulations, and these new mandates drive up our water and sewer bills to the point that they become unaffordable to many families. Under the threat of EPA penalties, communities can be forced to choose between meeting new, unfunded Federal mandates or keeping up with basic maintenance repair and replacement activities that keep our drinking water and wastewater operational.  Our seventh chart here is the Philadelphia main break that took place. If we don't maintain our infrastructure, it will fail just as this water main did in Philadelphia. If we don't replace our infrastructure, aging sewer pipes will leak and result in sewer overflows. Atlanta, Omaha, Baltimore, Cincinnati, Houston, and communities all around the country are facing these problems.  This chart shows the tunnel-boring machine for DC's $2.6 billion sewer. You can see what is involved in this project. These sewer projects are huge and very costly. For example, there is a picture of a tunnel that is being built here in DC as part of a $2.6 billion project to address sewer overflows. The WRDA bill, S. 2848, addresses these issues in two ways. It targets Federal assistance and tools that empower local governments.  As far as Federal assistance, our 2016 WRDA bill provides $70 million to capitalize WIFIA. You heard the Senator from California, Mrs. Boxer, talk about how we used TIFIA in our highway bill. We are using WIFIA in the same way. The $70 million of Federal funds can provide up to $4.2 billion in secured loans. It is something that worked in the highway bill, and it will work in this one. Those loans have gotten a match by another $4.4 billion, so there is $70 million in Federal investment that will result in some $8.6 billion in infrastructure. That is in this bill.  This funding is fully offset by reductions in DOE's Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Program. I might add that the Senator from Michigan has assured me that they are very supportive of this, in spite of the fact that that is where a lot of the manufacturing of our vehicles takes place.  While the Federal assistance in this bill is targeted, all communities need tools to fight back when EPA enforcement officials try to take control of their water and sewer system. The WRDA bill also requires the EPA to update its affordability guidance, so when EPA imposes costly sewer upgrades on a community, EPA will have to consider the real impacts on real households, including low-income households.  Finally, we talk about coal ash. That has been very controversial for a long time. WRDA includes compromise legislation that we negotiated and considered with Senator Boxer and others on the EPW Committee to authorize State permit programs to manage fly ash from coal-fired powerplants.  Coal ash is a critical ingredient in making concrete for roads and bridges. It is more durable, it is less expensive than the alternatives, and many States actually require coal ash to be used in their highway projects. When EPA's coal ash rule went into effect last October, it created huge uncertainty for both the disposal and the beneficial use of coal ash because, unlike other environmental regulations, the EPA rule is enforced through citizen lawsuits. This is something we have to stop. This bill fixes that by giving States the authority to issue State coal ash permits that will provide protection from citizen suits.  There is a tremendous amount in this bill that is important to every State in our country. I can't imagine that we are not going to be able to get this passed. Our goal--and this is a goal of Democrats and Republicans, the majority and the minority--is to get this done and get it done in this work period, and I think we can get it done by next week.  We are to the point now where I want to repeat that we have the opportunity to do what we are supposed to be doing in managing our infrastructure. This is something we have an opportunity to do now and do well. Again, one of the requirements is--and the leadership has agreed to this, as have the managers, Senator Boxer and myself--that we are going to have to get all of the amendments in from anybody who wants them by noon on Friday. Nothing will be considered after that, nor will anything be considered that is not germane. We are going to be passing judgment on these amendments as they come in, but bring them in because after noon on Friday, it will be too late.  Anyway, we have this opportunity on the floor to get this done, and I think this will be one of the last really great accomplishments we will be able to do in this legislation session.  With that, I yield the floor.  