If you stop and think about it, we came to the House and Senate at about the same time. There are no two people in this body who are further apart from each other than Barbara Boxer and Jim Inhofe. Yet we have something beautiful. I hesitate to show this AP picture of our embrace, but it has to be in the record here somewhere.  For 12 years, we swapped--back and forth--being chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee. I always remember when the Republicans were in the majority back in--let's see. We lost it in 2006. I remember seeing Barbara, Al Gore, and all these other people danced in and out the door saying the world is going to come to an end unless we do all of these things.  At that time, she said something very profound that I never forgot, and I thought about it for the next 8 years. She said that we look at things differently. We had an election and elections have consequences. Remember that elections have consequences. Well, 2 years ago, the Republicans took over, and I gave her a T-shirt that said: ``Elections have consequences.'' During all that time, we didn't really change in terms of what we were doing together. I have a list of the things we have done that I left someplace, but, nevertheless, we did the highway bill in 1998 and 2005. All of the things we did actually worked. I remember when we had a news conference on TSCA. When I looked around, I saw all of my very liberal Democratic friends and me, and I thought: Wait a minute. How did this happen?  We have been able to work together and get things done, and I have been very proud of that. In fact, I shouldn't say this because I am going to divulge our confidence, but we have meetings just as Democrats have their meetings. All the chairmen get together, and when it was my turn to make a statement, I said: Now, from the committee that gets things done. Anyway, that is the way it has been.  I disagreed with Senator Boxer on a lot of the regulations, and I have told her many times she has every right to be wrong.  