These provision are very important to many major domestic producers including manufacturers of products like glass, steel, cement, along with domestic energy producers across the country. The chemical nomenclature provision in section 8 of the compromise addresses several issues critical to the efficient functioning of the new chemical regulatory framework.  For the purposes of the TSCA Inventory, a single, defined molecule is simple to name. For example, ethanol is a Class 1 chemical on the TSCA Inventory. Its identity does not depend on how it is made. Since one ethanol is chemically the same as another ethanol, a new producer of ethanol can use the existing ethanol chemical listed on the TSCA Inventory. For other substances known as Class 2 chemicals, nomenclature is more complex. For those substances, the name of the substance typically includes either--or both--The source material and the process used to make it. The compromise requires EPA to maintain the Class 2 nomenclature system, as well as certain nomenclature conventions in widespread use since the early days of TSCA.  The compromise also directs EPA to continue to recognize the individual members of categories of chemical substances as being on the TSCA inventory. The individual members of these categories are defined in inventory descriptions developed by EPA. In addition, the compromise permits manufacturers or processors to request that EPA recognize a chemical substancecurrently identified on the TSCA Inventory under multiple nomenclatures as `equivalents.'  Importantly, the equivalency provision relates only to chemical substances that are already on the TSCA Inventory. Although the equivalency provision specifically references substances that have Chemical Abstract Service (CAS) numbers, EPA could usefully apply an equivalency approach to substances on the Inventory that do not have CAS numbers as well, such as for naturally-occurring substances.  Now, Senator Vitter, once a chemical is on the inventory, information about the substance that is provided to EPA often contains sensitive proprietary elements that need protecting. There has been a significant debate in recent years regarding the protection from public disclosure of a confidential chemical identity provided in a health and safety study under TSCA section 14(b). Although new section 14(b) is substantially similar to the existing statute, what is the intent behind the additional language related to formulas?  