 Mr. President, right now the reason there is this long wait is we are trying to get everything in place to pass a major piece of legislation, one that is quite significant. It is comparable to our Transportation bill, comparable to our TSCA bill on chemicals, and it is one that came out of our committee, the Environment and Public Works Committee. It is one I am very proud we were able to get done.  Yesterday I talked about the WRDA bill and why it is so important to pass now, the WRDA bill being the water infrastructure bill. It gives recent real-world examples of the problems our Nation is facing and how this legislation can address them.  Today I remind everyone of the process that got us here today. I think it is important because people are saying we don't go through the daylight very often, where everybody has a chance to participate--everybody. We are in that process right now.  Back in December of last year, Senator Boxer and I sent our ``Dear Colleague'' out to Members letting them know we were going to do a WRDA bill--Water Resources Development Act--in 2016. This was back in 2015, in December.  Well, before the introduction of our bill and our markup in the EPW Committee, we sent out another email asking Members about their priorities, and we got them. We marked up WRDA on April 28, 2016. That means we actually worked on it for 4 months prior to that time, taking up the priorities that people were sharing with us.  We then let all offices know once again that we were preparing to go to the floor with the goal of passing WRDA in the Senate before the August recess. Well, that didn't happen, but my staff continued to work over the August recess with offices on their priorities, and we brought a substitute amendment that was the result of that work to the full Senate on September 8. That was on a Thursday, and we announced that we were going to close the amendments and that everyone should get amendments to us that could be included in the managers' amendment by noon the next day--the next day being Friday--and they did that. That amendment included over 40 provisions that were added after the committee mark. That is a lot of daylight.  Finally, last week I came to the floor to let everyone know that Senator Boxer and I needed to see all the amendments by noon of last Friday if they wanted them to be considered in the managers' amendment. To date, we have included hundreds of the WRDA priorities from Senate offices, which are included in the substitute, and we were able to clear over 40 additional provisions this weekend. That is just from those that came in prior to noon on Friday. So we had 40 additional provisions just as a result of that.  We hope to adopt that by voice vote today. I say hopefully, but I think people are pretty much in agreement that can happen now. Everyone has had a chance. By the way, when we adopt that, we can entertain other amendments, and we will work with Members on those amendments.  This has been a very open and collegial process, and all Members have had their concerns and priorities heard. We have done our best to address Member priorities. And after we are on the bill, we will continue to do our best to clear germane amendments--only germane amendments.  What we have in front us is a bipartisan bill that will help us modernize our water transportation infracture and keep up with flood protection and environmental restoration needs around the country. The problems the WRDA bill addresses are not State or regional problems, they are problems that face the Nation as a whole.  It is clear that people are frustrated with the current political climate. Passing WRDA is a chance for us to start to regain the trust of the American people and prove to them we can do our job and get things done.  I often refer to the EPW Committee that I chair as the committee that gets things done. And we do. So far we have been very successful. We passed the highway bill. Many people were saying: You will never pass a highway bill, a5-year bill of that magnitude. Yet we did. That hadn't been done since 1998, so it ended 17 years of stagnation. Then we passed the TSCA bill. Everyone said: You are not going to get that. Remember, that was the Frank Lautenberg bill that he had worked on for quite a number of years. We said: Well, we are going to get it done. We got it done.  Senator Boxer and I do not always see eye to eye. She is one of the most liberal Members of the Senate and I am one of the most conservative Members of the Senate. But we have shown over a period of time, time and time again, that when we work together on an issue, we can accomplish our goal. Now we have the WRDA bill before us--something we have both worked very hard on and a bill we are very proud of.  So I am here today to say not passing the WRDA bill is not an option. There is just too much at stake.  If we don't pass the WRDA bill, 29 navigation, flood control, and environmental restoration projects will not get done. If we don't pass it, there will be no new Corps reforms to let local sponsors improve infrastructure at their own expense. We would think there would be an easy time getting something through, where we were going to spend somebody else's money, but this has been difficult. Now we are able to do that--let local sponsors take and improve their infrastructure at their own expense. If we don't do this, there will be no FEMA assistance to States to rehabilitate unsafe dams, there will be no reforms to help communities address clean water and safe drinking water infrastructure mandates. This is very significant to those of us in Oklahoma and to any of the other smaller populated rural States because the communities cannot afford the unfunded mandates. That is what this is all about. Those mandates come from the clean water and safe drinking water infrastructure. Without this, there would be no new assistance for innovative approaches to clean water and drinking water, and there would be no protection for coal utilities from runaway coal ash lawsuits.  As I have reminded as we have gone through this process, the bill is tremendously important. It is time to do our job and do what we were sent to do. We have that chance now. This afternoon we need to agree--and we can do this by voice vote--to adopt the managers' amendment, and then we can consider any other amendments. There may not be that many. There is no reason in the world we can't pass the bill through final passage by noon tomorrow. That is our effort. We are going to try to make it happen.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lankford). The clerk will call the roll.  The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  