President, as Secretary of State John Kerry prepares tosign the United States on to the Paris climate agreement on April 22--that is Earth Day--2 days from now, there are lessons from past international climate agreements, namely the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, that we would be remiss to ignore.  Let's keep in mind that the meeting they had was the 21st annual meeting. This is the big United Nations meeting, when everyone tries to get 196 countries to come in and have mandatory emissions reductions. It hasn't worked in 21 years, and it will not work this year either.  The situation they are facing now is kind of embarrassing. Let's just call the Paris Agreement what it is. It is a political stunt for the President to do what President Clinton was going to do in the Kyoto Protocol back in 1997. To recap, in 1997, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change adopted the Kyoto Protocol, which set forth binding targets and timetables for greenhouse gas emission reductions for developed countries such as the United States and the European Union. Meanwhile, developing countries such as China, India, and Brazil got a free pass. In fact, the Kyoto Protocol exempted 80 percent of the world from greenhouse gas emission reductions. That was back in 1997.  I could talk extensively about how it was known then that without developing countries, Kyoto would produce no meaningful impact on global climate change or reductions. What is most important in advance of the Paris Agreement signing, which is 2 days from now, is holding the Obama administration accountable to the lessons learned from the fallout of Kyoto.  Let's not forget that the Kyoto Protocol--which was a legally binding treaty, as opposed to the Paris treaty, which is all voluntary--was signed by the Clinton administration in late 1998 but was never submitted to the Senate for ratification. This was because the Senate had already voted, and they knew they weren't going to ratify it.  About that time in 1997, we had the Byrd-Hagel resolution, which warned that if the United States came back from Kyoto with a signed product that economically harmed the United States or exempted developed countries from participating, we would not ratify it. The resolution passed 95 to 0 in this Chamber. They knew when they came back that it wasn't going to be signed. With a vote of 95 to 0, not one Senator would have voted to ratify.  Ultimately, the 36 developed countries were legally bound to the greenhouse gas targets, and 17 of them failed to meet the greenhouse gas targets. First of all, they are not even meeting the targets. Some countries that joined Kyoto, like Iceland, had targets that actually granted increases in greenhouse gas emissions, while others, like Russia, had a target of zero that required them to do nothing.  The same thing is true for Russia today with the Paris Agreement. Russia pledged to reduce its carbon emissions by 30 percent but made their promise based on emission levels from 1990, not their current emission levels today. So they could actually increase their emissions and still comply with the commitment that they made in Paris.  Of course, they were looking at--and I remember from all the other meetings that Russia is sitting back there with areas such as Siberia, without any development, and they could use that as land that is not being developed, where there are no emissions, so it sounded as though they are really doing something.  I had an occasion many years ago to fly a small Cessna airplane around the world, emulating the trip of Wiley Post, the aviator from Oklahoma. He was the one who was flying the airplane when Will Rogers was killed. I was emulating his flight around the world. I will never forget going all the way from Moscow to Provideniya, across Siberia. There is time zone after time zone, and there is nothing down there. It is bare down there--no houses, no industry, nothing down there. That is the land Russia has been using to give them the advantage that they have.  Others, including Japan, the host country for the signing of the Kyoto Protocol significantly missed its greenhouse gas reduction targets, and instead they increased. Here is the host country, and they increased their emissions.  There were warning signs that the countries would fail to meet the Kyoto targets. For example, in 2005, the year Kyoto went into force, as then-chairman of the EPW committee, I held hearings on Kyoto where I questioned the U.S. senior climate change negotiator, Harlan Watson, about the European Union countries meeting their targets. Watson testified at the time that only two of the EU countries, the U.K. and Sweden, were on track to reach their targets. In other words, they all had targets, but only two countries met them.  Another witness, Dr. Margo Thorning of the American Council for Capital Formation, told the Committee at the hearing that the European Union ``policymakers are beginning to worry about the additional steps required to meet the targets.''  We now know they were right. The EU, one of the staunchest advocates for the global greenhouse gas emission cuts, barely reached half of the targets required by Kyoto.  If developed countries like those in the European Union have ignored legally binding gas emission targets in Kyoto, it is highly unlikely that they would meet the voluntary reductions that are in the Paris Agreement. Within the EU, some individual countries, such as Poland, have already shown fierce opposition to the Paris Agreement due to the fact that they are relying on coal power to run their country. There also has been vigorous debate over EU emissions reductions, and so far further cuts are off the table due to climate leadership fatigue from Kyoto. Everybody is tired of it.  Some have said Paris is different because developing countries like China agreed to the greenhouse gas targets. However, as is normally the case, you have to read a little bit closer. China's climate change commitment to peak their emissions by 2030 is business as usual. Yes, they signed on. They are a developing country. But what did they sign? They agreed to increase their emissions until 2030, and then they will reconsider.  After making their pledge, the New York Times uncovered that China dramatically underreported the amount of coal it burns per year, burning 17 percent more than what China had previously reported during climate talks. Just last month, a London School of Economics and Political Science researcher found that it is possible that Chinese emissions have already peaked. It is no wonder when the country is bringing online a new coal-powered powerplant every 10 days.  We keep hearing from all of our do-good friends: Just give China a chance. They are going to follow our leadership. Yes, they are going to follow our leadership, all right. They are anxious for us to meet our reductions as we chase our manufacturing base to someplace like China, which would be the recipient of it.  China is putting online a new coal-fired plant every 10 days. Why would China bother putting forth such a commitment and why would the Obama administration promote it as historic? First, it is in the interest of China to ensure this commitment is ratified because it makes it more difficult for the United States and the European Union to get out of economically damaging regulations. Second, it is in the interest of President Obama to sign this agreement since his own legacy hinges on its ratification. For the agreement to come into force, 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of emissions are going to have to sign.  We have seen this before. Think back to Kyoto. Clinton did not have the support of the Senate, yet Clinton delegated his U.S. Ambassador to sign it.  That is exactly what is happening today. President Obama doesn't want to go there because President Obama is fully familiar with the fact that they can't reach their targets, and besides that, we have the U.S. Supreme Court stepping in and saying that they can't do it.  The Obama administration should take note that history does repeat itself. If Secretary Kerry signs the Paris Agreement--which he will--it will be an act in defiance of the lessons from the past and in defiance of the best interests of the American people, all while achieving no meaningful impact on global temperatures.  Just like Kyoto, countries will not comply. Here at home, the President'smeans to force the United States to achieve a 26- to 28-percent reduction in greenhouse gases by 2025--primarily through the so-called Clean Power Plan, which is likely to get struck by the courts--is extremely limited. Its implementation has already been blocked by the U.S. Supreme Court.  We have 27 countries that have filed lawsuits against the plan. We actually had someone from the National Chamber of Commerce and the Sierra Club come before our committee just a few weeks ago saying: Look, there is no way in the world that you can have this kind of a reduction. So it is dead in the water anyway, with 40 percent doing business as usual. Only 15 percent could have an effect from the power plan, and then the rest--45 percent--are not even in the middle of it. Besides that, the Supreme Court has now said that until all the litigation has cleared up, nothing is going to happen. They intervened in that as well as the WOTUS regulations--the waters of the United States. So it is not going to happen. They are going to have their party there. The President is embarrassed, and he is sending John Kerry to do his dirty work.  I hope all 196 of the countries send their representatives to New York because I would love to have them get to know America, travel around, spend their money, and go down historic Highway 66 that goes through my State of Oklahoma. They will have a wonderful time while they are here, but they might as well skip the New York part.  I see my good friend from Indiana, and, with that, I yield the floor.  