President, it is quite a discussion when we talk about confirmations, one of the responsibilities this body has that the other body does not have. In the case of a U.S. Supreme Court vacancy, however, during an election year, I think it has actually been some 80 years since they have actually filled a vacancy as opposed to waiting until after the next election.  I am concerned today, though, about another confirmation. VA IG nominee Michael Missal has been nominated, and I have a hold. To explain what that means, when you have a hold, that doesn't necessarily mean you don't approve of the nominee, but it does mean there is one reason or another you don't want to go ahead and confirm that person. That happened in the case of the nominee to be a VA inspector general, Michael Missal. Actually, I am not placing a hold on him because of deficiencies in him but deficiencies in the Office of the Inspector General. Today what I am announcing is that I am lifting that hold. That means they are free to go ahead and have this nominee go forward, and I think that is the right thing to do.  At the Muskogee VA facility alone, the IG office has conducted nine investigations since 2009, and there has been little or no change in the quality of care. Right now, my office is working hundreds of cases of Oklahoma veterans facing inadequate care or blocked access to benefits. I wrote the VA IG in January of 2016 simply requesting that the VA IG--inspector general--visit Oklahoma facilities and to do so with an outside entity such as a joint commission. There is an attitude sometimes with individuals not wanting outside help, a kind of assumption that ``I don't need their help.'' Their response letter denied my request to conduct an investigation with a third party. It is time for our VA facilities in Oklahoma to be held to those same standards as private hospitals, and I believe it would take the aid of an outside group to make this happen because right now they are not meeting that quality.  Since placing a hold on Mr. Missal, the IG office has committed to investigating Oklahoma's VA facilities with the oversight of an outside entity, and I have also had commitment from Michael Missal that he will do that. I appreciate their commitment, but our work to improve the care for Oklahoma veterans doesn't end there.  Since the VA reform bill passed Congress this last summer--and it was a good bill--it is clear our facilities in Oklahoma have continued business as usual. I haven't seen any noticeable difference in the performance and treatment of our veterans since the passage and activation of that bill. I believe the impending investigations will show it is going to require a change in the management level to bring about lasting improvements for veterans care.  That is why I, along with my junior Senator from Oklahoma James Lankford, introduced S. 2554, the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability Act, on February 12. This legislation is critical to providing the best treatment for our country's veterans. Building upon the comprehensive plan of the 2014 VA reform bill, our legislation grants VA leadership at the regional level the authority to fire and demote staff working in these facilities. I think a lot of them thought the reform bill did that, but it didn't. We haven't been able to do it. It also allows directors of veterans regional chapters to contract with an outside entity to conduct investigations of their VA medical facilities. As I have worked to address the many concerns I have with Oklahoma's VA facilities, I have come to trust the leadership at the regional level. One individual who has come in is Ralph Gigliotti. He has done a great job. He doesn't have the authority to do what this bill would allow him to do. Not only were intermediate surgeries suspended due to what they have now uncovered, but also the chief of staff has been temporarily removed from his position.  However, this process revealed that regional directors are not presently empowered to address staffing concerns in the facilities they oversee. We have seen this in the State of Oklahoma numerous times. Our legislation peels away the layers of bureaucracy and allows the directors and each of the regional areas to play a larger role with improving the VA system as a whole.  As we all know, freedom isn't free. Many of our veterans have paid the prices with scars, some visible and some may go unseen such as post-traumatic stress disorder--PTSD--depression, and traumatic brain injuries. In my great State of Oklahoma, there are more than 37,000 military families and roughly 340,000 veterans that call our State home, attend our churches, and contribute to our communities. On behalf of Oklahoma, I say we are humbled by the immeasurable dedication of each and every one of them. I think it is the government's duty to honor the promises made to our veterans in return for their sacrifice. I urge our colleagues to remember that.  I can remember when I was in the Army, commitments were made to mewhen a decision was made--actually, mine was not a decision because it was compulsory service at that time, which I think we ought to go back to. Anyway, I think this is going to be good, and this is going to give us the resources and the capability of correcting the problems as we see them. For that reason, I am lifting my hold on Mr. Michael Missal and his nomination will move forward.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  