What we just passed is a major bill. It took a lot of effort from a lot of people. Many times the Members get more credit than they should because the real heroes are the ones who are back there doing the work. I want to thank the staff who are responsible for the hours and a lot of late nights.  I want to thank my chief of staff, Adrienne Jackson, as well as Alex Herrgott. They do a lot of late night work on these things, as well as many on the other side. In the case of Alex Herrgott, who was driving this thing, he has been doing this for me for over a dozen years. We have had a lot of successes.  I also wish to recognize Susan Bodine, who is sitting right here. She is a long-time WRDA expert, going back to 2 years ago when we had the WRDA bill, in 2014. She actually worked on WRDA on the House side for 11 years. I thank, as well, Charles Brittingham. These are the two who actually spent the time on my side of the aisle who put in the hardest and the longest hours. He was originally on loan to me from Senator Vitter, but now he is a full member of the EPW Committee. Few, if any, have better expertise on the core operation than Charles.  I want to thank Joe Brown for his long hours, as well as Jennie Wright and Andrew Neely for their work on the Oklahoma priorities on this bill, along with Carter Vella and Amanda Hall.  I want to thank Jason Albritton and Ted Illston on Senator Boxer's staff for their hard work with my team, and I thank Bettina Poirier, as always, for the hard work she did.  I thank the hard-working Aurora Swanson at CBO. We really put the burden on CBO. They had to respond immediately on short notice in order to get this done. Everyone said it was going to be impossible during this work period, but she played a major part in that. I also recognize the scoring and work that was necessary from the Senate legislative counsel Deanna Edwards, Maureen Catreni, and Gary Endicott. Finally, I thank Neil Chatterjee for his work from the leader's office. It was very, very helpful.  Of course, I already mentioned the hard work of my colleague Senator Boxer for making this bill a reality. It was a project that couldn't have been done any other way with any other people, and I am proud to have that behind us now.  With that, I will yield the floor.  