The compromise includes several notable provisions. First, it is clear that when a chemical has undergone a risk evaluation and determined to pose no unreasonable risk, any state chemical management action to restrict or regulate the substance is preempted. This outcome furthers Congress's legislative objective of achieving uniform, risk-based chemical management nationally in a manner that supports robust national commerce. Federal determinations reached after the risk evaluation process that a chemical presents no significant risk in a particular use should be viewed as determinative and not subject to different interpretations on a state-by-state or locality-by-locality basis. Further, under the new legislation, EPA will make decisions based on conditions of use, and must consider various conditions of use, so there could be circumstances where EPA determines that a chemical does not present an unreasonable risk in certain uses, but does in others. Preemption for no significant risk determinations would apply as these determinations are made on a use-by-use basis.  Second, to promote the engagement of all stakeholders in the risk evaluation process--including State governments--thee compromise creates a temporary preemption period for identified high priority chemicals moving through EPA's risk evaluation process. The period only runs from the time EPA defines the scope of the evaluation to the time that EPA finishes the evaluation, or the agency deadline runs out. It does not apply to the first 10 TSCA Work Plan chemicals the EPA reviews, and it does not apply to manufacturer-requested risk evaluations. It does apply to any and all other chemical substances EPA choses to review through a risk evaluation. States with compelling circumstances can request and be granted a vysaiver by EPA. These waiver and scope limitations ensure that the piause has its intended effect--to ensure that there is one, comprehensive, nationally-led risk evaluation occurring at a time, allowing EPA and affected manufacturers to focus on and complete the work on a timely basis, and to ensure a uniform and consistent federal approach to risk evaluation and risk management.  Senator Vitter, despite the fact that this law regulates products in commerce and Congress has the authority and Constitutional duty to protect interstate commerce, efforts were made to give States a role in this process, and even to get waivers from preemption where State actions are adequately justified. It should be noted that nothing precludes State action on chemical substances that are not the subject of an EPA risk evaluation or decision. There is also nothing in the compromise that precludes states from offering opinions, advice, or comment during the risk evaluation process. The risk evaluation process anticipates numerous opportunities for public comment. It is our hope that States with an interest in a particular chemical substance will in fact bring forward relevant scientific information on chemical hazards, uses and exposures to inform an effective federal decision. This will ensure that EPA is making the most informed decisions for the citizens of the United States as a whole, rather than one State affording protection to only a fraction of the country.  Senator Vitter, before we conclude our discussion on preemption, I would to ask you to help clarify the intent of the preemption provision as it relates to actions taken prior to enactment of the Frank Lautenberg bill.  