We are talking about the TSCA bill, and it is one that is almost a must-pass type of bill. We have support on both sides--I think almost total support. If we could have another 10 minutes to talk to a couple of people, I would like to make that motion.  If you could, go ahead and talk about the Defense bill.  Mr. McCAIN. I thank the Senator from Oklahoma. When he gets ready, we will obviously be ready to yield to the Senator from Oklahoma for consideration of that important legislation.  In the meantime, I would like to point out that, as part of this package of $18 billion, it increases the military pay raise to 2.1 percent. The current administration's budget request sets pay raises at 1.6 percent.  It fully funds troops in Afghanistan at 9,800. The budget request of the President funds troop levels at 6,217.  It stops the cuts to end strength and capacity. It restores the end strength for Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force. For example, it cancels the planned reduction of 15,000 active Army soldiers. If the planned reduction actually was implemented, we would have one of the smallest armies in history, certainly in recent history.  It funds the recommendations of the National Commission on the Future of the Army. It includes additional funding for purchasing 36 additional UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters, 5 AH-64 Apaches, and 5 CH-47 Chinook helicopters. I would point out that all of those were in keeping with the recommendations of the National Commission on the Future of the Army.  It adds $2.2 billion to readiness to help alleviate problems each of the military services are grappling with. Of the $23 billion in unfunded requirements received by the military services, almost $7 billion of it was identified as readiness related.  It addresses the Navy's ongoing strike fighter shortfall and the U.S. Marine Corps aviation readiness crisis by increasing aircraft procurement. It addresses high priority unfunded requirements for the Navy and Marine Corps, including 14 F/A-18 Super Hornets and 11 F-35 Joint Strike Fighters.  It supports the Navy shipbuilding program, and it provides the balance of funding necessary to fully fund the additional fiscal year 2016 DDG-51 Arleigh Burke-class destroyer. It restores the cut of the one littoral combat ship in fiscal year 2017.  It supports the European Reassurance Initiative with the manufacturing and modernization of 14 M1 Abrams tanks and 14 M2 Bradley fighting vehicles.  There is also increased support for Israeli cooperation on air defense programs of some $200 million.  What this is is an effort to make up for the shortfall that would bring us up to last year's number--last year's. Again, I want to point out--and we will talk more about it--we have all kinds of initiatives going on. We have an increase in troops' presence in Iraq and Syria; we are having much more participation in the European reassurance program; and there is more emphasis on our rebalancing in Asia. At the same time, we are cutting defense and making it $17 billion lower than the military needed and planned for last year.  I hope that my colleagues would understand and appreciate the need, particularly when we look at the deep cuts and consequences of reductions in readiness, training, and other of the intangibles that make the American military the great organization--superior to all potential adversaries--that it is.  I hope my colleagues will look at what we are proposing for tomorrow. I know the other side will have a second-degree amendment as well. I haven't seen it, but I would be pleased to give it utmost consideration, depending on its contents.  I yield the floor.  