Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R 4853, legislation based on the agreement between the White House and Congressional Republican leaders that calls for borrowing nearly $1 trillion over the next two years.  Further, I am appalled that the unemployed are being held hostage in order to ram the flawed measure through Congress. And I haveyet to find the equity in extending tax cuts for 24 months, but the solvency of the unemployment fund for 13 months.  I oppose borrowing nearly 1 trillion over the next two years when we have a debt today of $13.8 trillion.  I oppose borrowing nearly $1 trillion over the next two years when our projected deficit for Fiscal Year 2011 is $1.1 trillion.  I oppose borrowing nearly $1 trillion over the next two years when we will pay $438 billion in interest on the national debt this year alone. I can't imagine what this figure will look like when interest rates inevitably head higher.  I oppose borrowing nearly $1 trillion over the next two years for an agreement that fundamentally weakens Social Security through a payroll tax ``holiday.'' The holiday means we will be paying less money than anticipated into Social Security, thus reducing its solvency. In fairness, we're told that the government will ``find'' the money to make up the loss. Where?  But what's the big deal if this is only temporary? If the debate around the expiration of the Bush tax cuts has taught us anything, it is that, fair or not, a so-called ``temporary'' tax cut can be quickly re-characterized as an impending tax hike.  If Members of Congress and the President do not have the intestinal fortitude to make thoughtful, tough, permanent decisions today, do you think they will with Presidential and Congressional elections looming next December? I believe the decisions made this week will become permanent, fundamentally weakening our country.  I oppose borrowing nearly $1 trillion over the next two years because we have a desperate need for investment in our nation's roads, bridges, ports, railroads, and water services. Just three months ago, the infrastructure in the state of Indiana received a grade of D+ from the Indiana section of the American Society of Civil Engineers in a report that identified a need for billions of dollars in safety and service upgrades. Next year, because of this agreement, we'll be told we just don't have any money left to invest.  Not all the provisions in this agreement are bad. There are many good ones, including making a decision about estate taxes. But they are not all of equal merit. better approach would have been to examine each tax provision and approve those that encouraged savings and investment the most, then pay for them, and make them permanent.  But no, let's hold the unemployed hostage. Let's borrow nearly $1 trillion over the next 2 years. Let's reduce the solvency of Social Security. Let's further disinvest in our nation's intellectual and economic infrastructure.  Robin Hood stole from the rich for others. We're stealing from our children for ourselves. My first grade teacher, Sister Marlene, would be ashamed.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this measure.  