 I thank John Lewis for his service to our country, to its principles, to its values, to its people. I thank John Lewis for being my friend, and I thank John Lewis for allowing me for the ninth time to walk with him across that bridge. As I do, I will be holding the hand of John Lewis and holding in my other hand the hand of my 10-year-old granddaughter Alexa.  This coming week marks the 47th anniversary of the fateful Bloody Sunday march for civil rights. I want to say to Dan Lungren, my friend, I thank him for the remarks he just gave. They were heartfelt and on target, and the letter from the Birmingham jail to which he referred is certainly one of the great epistles, as he referred to it, to the American people, to people of conscience, to the fierce urgency of now, which he referenced in that letter.  On March 7, 1965, our friend and esteemed colleague from Georgia, John Lewis, was among the leaders of that march. It says he was among the leaders. He was the leader, he and Hosea Williams. Two-by-two they walked, some 600, with John and Hosea at the front of the line. That day, in an extraordinary practice of nonviolence, he and other marchers were brutally beaten while trying to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama. They were on their way to Montgomery, the State capital, to protest the murder of a young man, Jimmie Lee Jackson, who had been shot and killed while protecting his mother during a voting rights drive. They were marching to Montgomery to say, in a nonviolent way, every American deserves the right to be able to register and to vote.  Every moment has its darkest hours when the exuberance of hope yields to the reality of difficult and painful struggle. Selma brought that reality into homes across the country. News of that Bloody Sunday awakened millions of Americans to the horrors of Jim Crow. It opened their eyes to the injustice that had cut off so many of our people from participation in their government. It made clear that while we said in our Declaration of Independence that we believed in equality, that we believed that all men, and hopefully we would now say of course all women, all people, are endowed by God with certain unalienable rights.  We were not doing that in this country. That's what that epistle from Birmingham jail was about. That's what this march was about. That march led to another march 2 weeks later that could not be stopped, one that saw 8,000 Americans from a diversity of backgrounds join together in solidarity and with a faith in the enduring promise that America provided.  John Lewis, our colleague, our friend, our brother, was one of the compelling figures of that time and of this. I've been blessed with the privilege of traveling to Selma, as I said, nine times with John Lewis, to worshipping in Terri's church. The visit this weekend will be, I know, another instructive lesson for me and for others on how we need to be continually aware of the discrimination and prejudice that exist today; the attempts at exclusion that exist today; frankly, the attempts to not empower people to vote even today.  What happened in Selma 47 years ago ought to be remembered as a moment when America chose to fight hatred with love and put their faith in the values of our Constitution. In his memoir, which I hope all of you have read, ``Walking with the Wind,'' John Lewis explains:       If you want to create an open society, your means of doing      so must also be consistent with the society you want to      create. Violence begets violence. Hatred begets hatred. Anger      begets anger, every minute of the day, in the smallest of      moments as well as the largest.  