., for yielding to me, the distinguished gentlelady, Ms. Norton, and I want to thank my friend, Congresswoman Herrera Beutler from Washington State who chairs the subcommittee, and thank her very much for facilitating this coming to the floor and thank her very much for her kind remarks as well.  Mr. Speaker--and I am pleased to call you ``Mr. Speaker''--I rise in strong support of this resolution which I am proud to sponsor, and I have sponsored for many, many years. This resolution allows the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its 71st Annual Greater Washington Soap Box Derby on the Capitol Grounds on June 16.  This is, and I think everybody who has been involved with the Soap Box Derby knows, a wonderful tradition that brings young people from around the area to the Capitol for a fun and educational event. It has taken place since 1938, when Norman Rocca won the inaugural race, besting 223 other contestants as his soap box racer crossed the finish line.  That race has continued for over 70 years, and it has inspired thousands of the region's young people to learn the physics behind gravity racing and the engineering used to design soap box racers.  As a Nation that wants to make things--and as the Speaker knows, I have a Make It in America agenda that I keep trying to sell that is bipartisan, and I think all of us agree that we want to make more things in America--if we are going to make more things in America and be able to export them, we will have to have people who make things. What a wonderful opportunity this is for young people to participate in making something that will then have them be successful, or, in this sense, in the race, make it, win the race.  So I think this is a wonderful enterprise. It brings young people together with their parents and teachers, and it teaches sportsmanship and hard work and pride of accomplishment. America's soap box derbies have been called the ``greatest amateur racing event in the world,'' and we continue celebrating that tradition June 16 here in Washington.  The spirit of competition that fuels these racers is the same spirit that has long energized our Nation's entrepreneurs and innovators. The young people who participate in these derbies are often sponsored by groups from their communities who recognize in them great promise for the future.  I continue to be incredibly proud of those from Maryland's Fifth District who participate, but, indeed, from the District of Columbia, Virginia, the surrounding areas. We have celebrated a number of soap box derby champions from the Fifth District, including thewinners from 2007, 2008, and 2009. We have broken our string, but maybe we will get it back. But everybody is a winner. The winners in 2007 and 2008, Kacie Rader and Courtney Rayle, respectively, went on to win the national championship.  I want to thank those Members who have cosponsored this resolution, my good friends from our area, not only Ms. Norton, who has been one of our leaders, but also Representatives Gerry Connolly, Donna Edwards, Jim Moran, Chris Van Hollen, and Frank Wolf. And again, I thank my good and dear friend from Washington State for her leadership on this; and my colleague and fellow Washington area representative, we are a team on this, and I want to thank Ms. Norton for her extraordinary leadership for not only the District of Columbia but of our region, and on so many important issues to this country.  