 For someone who had been regaled, as I understand it, earlier, by his colleagues who know him best, before I came to the floor, this is a body in which you get to know people. You get to know their characters, their personalities, their civility, their effectiveness, their work ethic, their patriotism, their willingness to work with others. On all of those counts, all of his colleagues found Jerry Costello to be one of the best among them.  Jerry Costello came to this Congress in the election of 1988. He has been my colleague for all of the years that he has served in this House. I was privileged to come just a few years before Jerry Costello. He was elected by the people of Illinois after an extraordinary career early in life, as a young man. He was not only attending to the court system of Illinois but also as the county executive, as the leader of one of the largest counties in Illinois. He was chosen because of his judgment, chosen because of his good sense, his common sense, chosen because of his effectiveness as a representative of the people. There has not been a day that has gone by that I have served with Jerry Costello that I did not have all of those affirmations affirmed here in this House. So I rise with my friend, Mr. Lipinski, to honor Jerry Costello.  Now, we're going to have the opportunity to serve with Jerry Costello for another 3 months at least. Jerry Costello is very much alive. This is not a eulogy. Jerry Costello is someone who is still a young man for whom I see a very bright future. In whatever endeavor he chooses to pursue, he will be successful; and with whomever he works, they will be advantaged. In whatever he does, I know that we're all going to stay in close touch with Jerry Costello.  The preceding speaker and Mr. Lipinski--and whose dad before him--now serve on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. It is a critical committee of the Congress of the United States, one of the most important in terms of growing jobs and expanding our economy because it invests in the infrastructure, which is the underpinning of a growing economy. My friend Mr. Lipinski has fought so hard for legislation to expand manufacturing--a Make It In America agenda item--and has focused on making sure that we have had an infrastructure that has supported manufacturing, the distribution of goods and the transportation of goods to our shores to be sent abroad for purchase by our trading partners.  Jerry Costello was part of the leadership of two of the major transportation bills that have passed this Housein recent years, ensuring not only that Illinois received particular attention but that America received particular attention, every part of this America. The best traditions of a Congressman are, yes, in representing his district effectively, but also in understanding that his responsibility is to all of America. Jerry Costello has fulfilled that expectation with flying colors and great effectiveness. We are going to miss Jerry Costello.  But I want to tell Jerry Costello--and I hope he's listening--that we have a few days left to go, and I'm going to look forward to working with him. I am hopeful that, in the lame duck session, we'll address one of the most vexing problems confronting this country, and that is getting ourselves on a fiscally sustainable path. I expect Jerry Costello to be in the leadership of that effort as he has been in the leadership of so many efforts.  Again, Congressman Lipinski, I want to thank you for your leadership, for your service, for your commitment to the same kinds of things that Jerry Costello has been committed to in building up this country and in making sure that average working men and women have had jobs and that we have expanded our economy by investing in our economy. So it is appropriate that you lead this Special Order on behalf of a kindred soul, Jerry Costello. You and he represent a real leadership on behalf of growth, jobs, and economic success in America.  We thank Jerry Costello for his service, but we look forward to working with him in whatever capacity he chooses to follow in the years ahead.  