All of us must be sad, and the American people are angry and sad that this Congress has been so inattentive to the needs of the American people.  Mr. Speaker, today House Republicans are leaving town and will not return until after the November elections.  Two very respected political scientists--not Democrats or Republicans; one a representative of the more conservative think tank and another a more liberal think tank--have written a book about the dysfunction they have seen in this Congress. Mr. Mann and Mr. Orenstein--quoted by many reporters from many journals, from all different perspectives--they said this:  We have been studying Washington politics in Congress for more than 40 years, and never, never have we seen them as dysfunctional. In our past writings, we have criticized both parties when we believed it was warranted. Today, however, said these two respected political scientists and observers of Washington, today, however, we have no choice but to acknowledge that the core of the problem lies with the Republican Party.  They went on to say that the GOP has become an insurgent outlier in American politics. It is ideologically extreme; scornful of compromise; unmoved by conventional understanding of facts, evidence, and science; and dismissive of the legitimacy of its political opposition. That is the nub of the problem.  Our Republican colleagues are leaving without getting their work done. I said, ``their work done.'' Without getting our work done, the work of the American people.  Comprehensive jobs bills, middle class tax cuts have not been extended, farmers are left on their own to face the worst drought in decades--the worst drought in decades--and a farm bill reported out of the Republican committee lays unconsidered by this floor. Reported out of their committee, from their majority, and they haven't brought it to the floor, while farmers remain in trouble. We've not reauthorized the Violence Against Women Act, and we have not passed the postal reform bill.  I am glad to take this Special Order, Mr. Speaker, to say to the American people that we're prepared to stay. We're prepared to stay and work on these bills. And I'm going to talk about some of these bills, but my colleagues are here as well.  I first want to yield to the former president of the Senate of Vermont for his observations as we leave this town, my friend, Mr. Welch from Vermont.  