 I also want to congratulate the gentleman for providing for the week of the 17th. I know none of us want to do that, but I appreciate the majority's focus on the business that has not been done. I also appreciate the gentleman's focus on the fiscal cliff and for indicating that we need to resolve that prior to leaving the 112th Congress. I think those are both positive announcements. I applaud him for that.  On the fiscal cliff--we discuss this all the time--but I want to inform the majority leader that there are now 175 signatures--we hope to have more, and we would obviously welcome people on your side of the aisle--on the discharge petition for the Walz bill, which mirrors the Senate bill, as the majority leader, I'm sure, knows, to ensure that no individual who makes $200,000 or less on net taxable income or that a family who makes $250,000 or less will see a tax increase on January 1. Hopefully, we will resolve the fiscal cliff and get an agreement.  I again ask my friend: the Walz bill will be compliant with the rules and will not have a blue slip problem, obviously, and hopefully we could move that bill. Again, for the purposes of giving confidence to the 98 percent of our taxpayers who are making less than the sums put forward in the bill--$200,000 and $250,000--I understand and anticipate the gentleman's response that we are all concerned with growing the economy and creating jobs and that we don't want to dampen that dam; and we understand the gentleman's concern about small businesses, particularly those 3 percent of small businesses that make more than this and report it on a personal income basis.  I would hope that we could give serious consideration to trying to act sooner than the end of the year and as soon as possible, frankly, on--as we call it--the middle class tax cut, the $250,000 and under.  I yield to my friend to see whether or not, perhaps, the actions that have been taken this week have any bearing on his thoughts on whether we could schedule that bill.  