As we pass the budget, we said that will be the number. Now this is the law. And as was observed by others on the other side of the Capitol, but I will observe it here as well, if we're going to have those kinds of negotiations, it's sort of like the guy who comes up to you and says, look, I've got something to sell you, do you want to buy it? And you say, yes, let's negotiate on price. And you come to a price of $100. And then you come to settle, and the guy says, well, that was my top number. I'm going to give you $92 for that item. You don't have a meeting of the minds as a contract requires.  Very frankly, nobody on our side, and frankly I don't think anybody on your side that negotiated the deal--I don't mean that didn't vote for it--and as a matter of fact, I know for a fact the Speaker, and I believe yourself, have been quoted that that was the number and we ought to stick with it. Clearly, Mr. Rogers believes that's the number that was agreed to.  Now, we're not going to be able to agree on things if all of a sudden it becomes, well, that was a notional thing that we did, not an agreement. A lot of our people voted on that to make sure, A, we didn't go into default as a country, and, B, that was not the number we wanted. It clearly was not the number your side wanted. But it was a number we agreed upon. And it seems to me that if we're going to try to keep faith with one another and with the law that we passed that we should stick with what we agreed to.  I understand that we want to bring the budget deficit down. As a matter of fact, on this side of the aisle, I've made those comments, and I've been criticized by some on my side, as you well know. Yes, we do need to get a handle on the budget. We're going to have a real debate on the deficit and debt, and I've been working very hard on that. We're going to have a debate, a fulsome debate, hopefully, on whether or not your budget does that. We've had disagreements all the years I've been here on that, and performance has not reflected, from my standpoint, that the representations made have always worked out, perhaps on either side.  But I regret, I regret deeply, Mr. Majority Leader, that we've reached an agreement, and based upon that agreement, this House took an action, it took a bipartisan action, and it passed a piece of legislation that was critically important to make sure that America did not go into default. And now we see 7 months later, crossed fingers, well, we really didn't mean that, it was a cap. Nobody on our side--there was no mention in the law nor was there any mention in the negotiations that that was a cap, not a number.  Unless the gentleman wants to say something further, I yield to my friend.  