 Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from California has been a leader on this issue as has the chair of the committee, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. Representative Berman has been a leader in Congress when it comes to reminding us of how important it is to prevent the rise in nuclear war and a nuclear-armed Iran. We are fortunate as a country to have a partnership between the chair and the ranking member focused like a laser on this issue. So I thank my friend, Mr. Berman, and my friend, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. Mr. Berman has also been instrumental in securing funding for the deployment of the Iron Dome anti-missile system to counter the threat from Iranian-supplied short-range rockets in the hands of terror groups like Hamas and Hezbollah.  I rise in strong support of the chair and ranking member's resolution, and I am proud to be a cosponsor with them of the resolution.  The most significant threat to peace, regional security, and American interests in the Middle East is Iran's nuclear program. This resolution makes clear that it is in America's security interest not to contain a nuclear Iran, but to prevent one. A nuclear Iran would destabilize an already volatile region where so many American troops are stationed--and a region so vital to the world's energy supplies.  Iran continues to be a sponsor of groups committed to the destruction of our ally Israel and of groups that threaten Americans throughout the world. Iran is believed to be pursuing not only a nuclear capability but also delivery technologies that could threaten our allies in Europe and the Middle East as well as American assets in the region.  Thankfully, the Obama administration has taken a strong lead in confronting Iran. President Obama has built a wide coalition of support that has imposed the strongest sanctions Iran has ever faced. In particular, we are hitting the Iranian Government where it hurts most--its oil exports and its banking sector. From the very start, his policy has been not containment but prevention.  