 I rise in deep disappointment at the treatment he was accorded last night. It was unworthy of this body, unworthy of the Rules Committee, and unworthy of the character and integrity of the gentleman from Massachusetts. I am pleased that there has been an apology for that, but I did not want it to go unmentioned. This body is better than that; although, at times, it is not. We ought to all lament the fact when it is not.  Madam Speaker, the rule to consider this bill is not only unfair but inconsistent with the majority's stated goal of having an open process. I will quote the Speaker in just a couple of minutes.  My friend from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern) has put forward a bipartisan amendment--and I want to commend the gentleman from North Carolina, my Republican colleague, and I hope all Americans, Madam Speaker, notice the courage and conviction that the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Jones) has. He was sponsoring an amendment with the gentleman from Massachusetts, and they don't always agree. But as the gentleman from North Carolina said: There is no more important issue that confronts a country than sending its young men and women in harm's way at the point of the spear.  Yes, it is to defeat terrorism and to keep America safe, but the decision to do that and the ongoing discussion, particularly after a decade, is certainly something the American people would expect, a full-blown debate and airing of our continuing to keep our young people and not-so-young people in harm's way. It is certainly germane to this bill as it concerns our military operations in Afghanistan.  Mr. McGovern's amendment and Mr. Jones' amendment would reaffirm the strategy laid out by the President and agreed to by the Afghan President to transition security responsibility to Afghan forces so our troops can come home.  Today, Al Qaeda has been forced out of Afghanistan and the Taliban is severely weakened, objectives that I supported. Afghan forces are taking responsibility for more and more of their country's security, and we're making strong gains thanks to the hard work and sacrifice of our troops whom we honor.  With tens of thousands of Americans still deployed in combat, one of our highest priorities in this year's Defense authorization act must be to make sure they have a strategy to complete their mission and return home safely. We owe that to them. We owe that to their parents, their wives, their brothers, their sisters, their nieces, their nephews, and to all their neighbors.  Our men and women in uniform have performed everything asked of them with courage, distinction, and professionalism. We've asked many of them to return for tour of duty after tour of duty to one of the world's most deadly war zones, and we owe it to all of them to have a carefully conceived strategy. Mr. McGovern's amendment would not tie the President's hands and would help place us in the strongest possible position to combat terrorism around the world.  