 Repeal it and replace it. For the 31st time, we have a repeal with no replacement, no alternative, no protection offered by my Republican colleagues--not one.  You could, of course, introduce legislation that would say, We're going to repeal and replace with this. You haven't done it. So the American people have no idea.  We're on the floor today with the distinguished gentleman from Michigan who himself, and his father before him a half a century ago, said: Americans need the security of having the guarantee of access to affordable quality health care.  That's what we did.  Madam Speaker, after the landmark Supreme Court ruling upholding the Affordable Care Act, Americans are ready to move on. Yet here we're again voting for the 31st time on a bill to repeal the health care law with no replacement, no alternative, no protections. That's not what we ought to be focused on.  Americans want us to create jobs and to grow our economy. According to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll last week, 56 percent of Americans believe that opponents of the law should drop attempts to block its implementation. It's time for Republicans to end their relentless obsession with taking away health care benefits for millions of Americans.  If this bill were to pass, insurance companies could once again discriminate against 17 million children with preexisting conditions. If it were to pass, 30 million Americans would lose their health insurance coverage. It would take away $651 each from 5.3million seniors in the Medicare doughnut hole, making their prescription drugs more expensive. There would be 360,000 small businesses no longer able to claim a tax credit to help cover their employees. And 6.6 million young adults under 26 would be forced off their parents' plans and left to face a tough job market with the added pressure of being uninsured.  The Republican repeal bill would take away these benefits and end these cost-saving measures. And after 31 votes, as I said, no alternative, nothing. There is no bill to read, no plan to follow, no security to offer. Repealing health care without an alternative would add over $1 trillion to deficits over the next two decades. I don't say that. The Congressional Budget Office says that.  It is occurring in the place of a vote that we could be taking on legislation to create jobs. There is nothing about jobs this week, nothing last week, nothing scheduled for next week, or the week after. It's a waste of time.  