 I think they have a positive effect on economic growth in our country. I think they are good bills. I particularly support the Himes bill, currently called the Quayle bill; but I'm pleased to support it by whoever's name it might have on it.  Four out of the six components of this legislation have been previously passed overwhelmingly. This is a recycle, but doing a good thing twice is not bad. So I'm going to vote for it, and I'm going to be enthusiastic about voting for it. As a matter of fact, I suggested a number of these ideas on our side of the aisle.  This bill makes it easier for small businesses to go public and raise the capital they need to expand and hire new workers by reducing regulatory burdens. It also raises the SEC registration thresholds for community banks, which will free up bank capital for lending to small businesses and individuals. That's an important step we ought to be taking.  A number of my Democratic colleagues worked hard on these provisions, including, as I said earlier, Representative James Himes of Connecticut, who introduced one of these bills months and months and months ago, and it passed 420 2 in this body. He has been a leader on this issue of small business access to capital, and I congratulate him for his efforts.  I'm glad the Republican leadership is bringing this bill to the floor, and I hope it signals a new willingness to work with us to create jobs.  This bill is called a JOBS bill. Catchy title. I sort of refer to it as the ``just old bills'' bill, but they are good bills. As I said, we're doing a good thingtwice in hoping the Senate will pass it; and I hope the Senate does pass all of these bills and this bill as a package.  But make no mistake about it, Madam Chair--and America should make no doubt about it--this is not the jobs bill America needs, one with tweaking around the edges and pretending that we've put something together that's going to create a significant number of jobs. This will help and in the longer term it will create jobs. I'm for it. I think it's a positive step forward. But make no mistake about it, this is not the jobs bill that the President asked for. This is not the jobs bill that America needs. This is not the jobs bill that millions who are unemployed and can't find employment are crying out for in America.  America needs a comprehensive jobs plan to help get the millions who have lost jobs and are still looking for work. This bill alone simply is not enough. We must do more. And I will tell my friend--and he is my friend--from Texas, I'm prepared to work with him on a real jobs bill. This is a real jobs bill, but you and I both know it's a small-bore jobs bill. That doesn't make it bad. It doesn't mean that we shouldn't pass it. I thank you for bringing it to the floor. But let us not delude America or deceive ourselves that this is the jobs bill that we need to be passing.  