Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6524, a bill to authorize the administrator of General Services to transfer a parcel of real property in Eastlake, Ohio, to the city of Eastlake. Further, the bill authorizes the transfer of real property in the Koochiching Army Reserve Training Center in Koochiching County, Minnesota, to the County of Koochiching.  The city of Eastlake will compensate the General Services $30,000 for the real property transfer and the County of Koochiching also will compensate the General Services $30,000 for the real property transfer. The General Services Administration will forward to the Secretary of the Army the net proceeds for the transfer.  The parcel of real property in Eastlake is an approximate 10-acre site, which includes the John F. Kennedy Senior Citizen Center. In 1964, the city of Eastlake purchased the property and, consistent with the deed restriction, used the site for recreational uses for over 40 years. The bill will lift the deed restrictions and thus allow the city to use the property for economic development purposes. The senior center has been moved to a better location. Further, the city has purchased over 17 acres for parks and recreational uses, increasing the overall acreage devoted to open space and parkland.  The first parcel in Minnesota is 5\1/2\ acres, which includes the U.S. Army Armory Building, which will pay to have the roof replaced, install a new boiler and heating system, and make extensive repairs to the ceiling. The Army reported the property excess in January 2006 and GSA accepted the report of excess in February 2006. GSA screened the property with other Federal agencies, but there were no expressions of interest. Likewise, no expressions of interest from homeless shelter providers were received by GSA.  Mr. Speaker, I commend both Chairman Oberstar and my colleague, Congressman LaTourette, for working on these essential pieces of legislation and for ensuring compensation will be made to the General Services, and the Federal taxpayers will be fully protected.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  