Now, it is as if the first six years of the Bush administration never existed. The Republicans controlled the House, the White House, and the United States Senate.  Vice President Dick Cheney, at the President's behest, met secretly with the oil and gas industry and other energy producers and proposed an energy policy, a Republican energy policy. That policy was passed by the Republican House of Representatives, adopted by the Republican Senate, and signed by the Republican president. We have been living under it now for a couple of years, and it is having the predictable results. We are now more dependent upon foreign oil. And many of us who voted against that Republican energy policy said it was pushing the country in that direction. We are seeing prices jacked up to unbelievable levels. Many of us predicted at the time that the Bush/Cheney Republican energy policy would have those results.  They didn't mandate increases in fuel standards. They didn't mandate development of alternative fuels. They had a few pretend things about hydrogen which was far enough off in the future that it didn't upset their benefactors in the oil industry because they know hydrogen is 20, 30 years off. But things that we could have been moving toward quickly they were against.  Now suddenly they are all for action. They are all for action.  What do we need? We need more leases on the Outer Continental Shelf. Well, what about the fact that the industry today is sitting on leases that can access 80 percent of the known reserves of oil and gas off the United States of America? But they are simply not developing them.  Now, the industry says, well, they just don't have enough deep water drilling rigs and other things. But last year Enron, I mean--sorry. That is another guilty party here. But ExxonMobil made more money than any corporation in the history of the world, $40 billion. And what did they do with two thirds of their profit? Did they put it into new supply? Did they put it into new drilling equipment? Heck no. They bought back their ownstock to enrich their board and their execs. The president who retired got a $400 million retirement, and he bought an oil field in Africa with his retirement. Now that is where their profits and their money went.  They are in no hurry to develop new resources. But they would like to lock up what might still be out there while Bush and Cheney are in the White House so that they can get sweetheart deals like the one proposed yesterday for oil shale, because these are their oilmen in the White House. Plain and simple. That's what this bum's rush is all about.  The American people need short-term price relief. It isn't going to come through letting more leases in sensitive areas that the industry sits on. It would come from breaking the back of the speculators, something they don't want to do, closing the Enron loophole.  Remember Ken Lay, head of Enron from Texas, the President's biggest political benefactor throughout his entire life?  