Speaker, I yield myself the balance of our time.  This is a difficult choice. It is always difficult to choose between your constituents and your patrons. The patrons heavily to that side of that aisle have been Big Oil. This would hurt Big Oil. They would actually have to pay a fee for leases that were written improperly where they don't pay any royalties to the American taxpayers at a time of record prices. That hurts.  Yes, it is true. So far, a bare minority of Senators have rejected it, previously. Maybe they won't this time. Maybe with oil at $125 a barrel they will go along with it and say we can get some good out of this for a change. We can help kids get an education. We can keep teachers employed. We can provide money to police our counties and to keep people in jail who need to be there, and for other public services and public works. We can do those things. But we have got to have some guts. Every once in a while you have got to stand up.  We hear all this stuff, all we need is more leases. Their staff boycotted a meeting last week. They sprung a proposal last night, which is a Republican bill, not a single Democrat on it, and would open up offshore oil drilling, which is not acceptable to the Republican Governor of California, to the Republican Governor of Florida, and many others. It is a nonstarter. Come on, guys, let's get real. This is your choice. This is it.  There are 6,312 nonproducing leases on the OCS. This bill would make those companies begin to produce, or pay a fee for not producing. If you want to help provide more supply, which is what a lot of the debate has been about today, let's impose a fee on those 6,312 wells. And, in the meantime, let's get some good of that money for the American people. Help 7,000 teachers, help the kids in rural schools, help our deputy sheriffs, help our people who do corrections, help the people who have a backlog of road and bridge projects all across rural America. Help 42 States. Help 600 counties.  This is your only vote. This is your time. Sometimes you have to make tough choices. I urge an ``aye'' vote on this bill.  