Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution reaffirming our national commitment to our national transportation infrastructure. Two hundred years ago, a farsighted President, Thomas Jefferson, commissioned Secretary Gallatin to provide a report and a vision for transportation in America, to knit together the then-young Nation and to better facilitate the movement of its people, its goods, its commerce and people, and to better compete in the international economy.  For 200 years, or nearly 200 years, that vision has been maintained and has been the prevailing view here in Washington, DC.  Unfortunately, we now have an occupant of the White House and a Secretary of Transportation who do not share that vision. A recent report detailing the extraordinary state of disrepair into which our transportation infrastructure has fallen from a commission created by this Congress in the SAFETEA-LU legislation pointed to the need for a massive increase in investment at all levels, Federal, State and local, because in order just to maintain the existing infrastructure, we would have to spend more than we are spending today. We are not even treading water. We are not even maintaining a deteriorating infrastructure; we are deteriorating towards Third World status. While our competitors around the world are leaping ahead with major investments in transit and roads, bridges and highways, and with major investments in ports and waterways, we are falling behind.  In response to that, unfortunately, the Secretary of Transportation joined with a minority in dissenting from the report and essentially proposed that we phase out any Federal role or investment in our national transportation infrastructure.  I can think of nothing more wrong-headed, shortsighted, or more destructive for the future of our country than to pull back from these extraordinary needs. So that's why I think it is so important that we look back, we look back over 200 years of history, we look back to the Gallatin Report, we look back to the successes that have followed upon that vision that we have been building upon for 200 years, and we set a course for the next 200 years so that we can again boast of having the state-of-the-art, most efficient, most energy-efficient transportation network in the world, which is far from the condition in which we find ourselves today.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  