Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This is incredibly important legislation, and I hope it doesn't devolve into the partisan debate that's been going on earlier today to point the fingers of blame on the current high cost of gasoline at the pump.  This is about another crisis the American people are experiencing, not as widespread as the cost of fuel, but the impact will be even heavier on more than 600 counties in 42 States and hundreds of school districts across America. This is the issue of whether or not we should continue to compensate these counties for the fact that they have very high ownership of Federal lands and Federal forests. Federal forest policy has changed, and their revenues have diminished dramatically, and many of them have no alternative, under their State constitution or other laws, to go out and replace those funds, particularly in the short term.  It's expensive. It would cost $1.9 billion over 4 years. But being sensitive to the fact that many of us on this side of the aisle feel that the policies of recent years have put the country on the verge of bankruptcy, we pay for it. In fact, with the value of what we have in here as a so-called offset in Washington speak, the way we pay for it, with fees on offshore oil leases that were inadvertently omitted by the Clinton administration, would raise $3.3 billion. That means we pay for rural schools and counties. That's 7,000 teachers. That's hundreds of deputy sheriffs, hundreds of corrections officers, many roadworkers, other critical public safety folks, public health, all across 42 States in America and 600 counties. We pay for that with this bill. In fact, we would help reduce the deficit, which is something we're handing off to our kids and we do need to deal with, by $1.4 billion.  Now, some will object to the offset, that the oil companies shouldn't be required to pay a fee even though they got this royalty relief without a cap inadvertently, by mistake, by a previous administration. I really hope that they don't take the debate down that path. That does not do the counties, the schools, the teachers, the police, the deputies, and the others justice.  Let's focus on the issue at hand. They have an alternative to fund this. I have been trying desperately for more than a year. It's been quite some time since this bill came out of committee, and Mr. Walden and I joined in a bipartisan way earlier this year in a letter on January 18 to the majority asking that this bill be brought up. And then Mr. Walden on May 1 came to the floor with Mr. Blunt and asked thatthe bill be brought up. In fact, he sent out a press release saying it's been 44 legislative days and over 3 months, that it's a strongly bipartisan bill. I hope it stays bipartisan. To extend county payments has been ready for a vote on the House floor. I simply do not understand why the Democratic leadership has not scheduled a vote.  Well, the Democratic leadership has now scheduled a vote. And I hope that we can get back to the bipartisanness. I hope we can get back to the focus of this debate. Let's pass this bill and move it over to the Senate. If you don't like the way it's paid for, if you want to protect the royalty relief for the oil and gas industry, then vote ``present,'' send the bill to the Senate, and see if they can come up with, as they claim, a better way to pay for it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  