Speaker, this is a little lesson about one of the largest finds of oil in the United States. We have known about it since 1923.  In 1923 this large area of Alaska was designated as Naval Petroleum Reserve Number 4. Why? Because we knew there was a huge pool of oil under it. Estimates are the current figure is up to 15, ``b,'' billion barrels of oil. That's a lot of oil. So the President, I believe it was President Harding at the time, designated that as a Naval Petroleum Reserve.  This little area over here, the one they don't want to talk about, was designated as a wildlife refuge. Why was that? Well, because we didn't know there was any oil under it. So the oil's here, make it an oil preserve. There's wildlife here, make it a wildlife preserve. Now they say they want to drill in the wildlife preserve, but they're kind of neglecting this one over here.  Now, it was a Naval Petroleum Reserve until 1996. In 1996 the Republican Congress voted to open it up to drilling by the oil industry. Bill Clinton signed the bill, and, in fact, the Clinton administration let the first 3 million acres of leases in the year 2000. Eight years ago the industry got 3 million acres of land leased over a pool of 15 billion barrels of oil. They have drilled 25 wells and capped them. That's it. The Bush administration is going to lease another 4 million this next year.  If we don't have this bill, maybe they'll drill some more wells and cap them. They have no plans. Now, they say they want to drill over here. You will notice actually this area is closer to the existing pipeline than this area over here, but they want to debate this area over here with no known oil reserves and no pipeline and neglect this area over here with massive reserves and no pipeline and apparently no plans to build a pipeline.  If we pass this bill today, that will all change. They won't be able to sit on the largest single pool of oil in the United States territory anymore. They will have to begin in good faith to develop it. But guess what. The industry really doesn't want to do that because they're making a bucket of money the way it is now by pretending there's a shortage and not drilling.  Now, that's just the Alaska issue. If we go offshore and look elsewhere, as Mr. Markey said earlier, 80 percent, according to the United States Minerals Management Service, 80 percent of the oil and gas that's known to exist off of the Continental United States is accessible from existing leases. Unfortunately, 6,491 of those leases are sitting idle. On different days you get different excuses: ``Oh, it takes a really long time.'' Well, if it takes a really long time, why do we want to let new leases when it's taken a really long time to develop the old leases that they're sitting on, that have known pools of oil under them? They're taking a bucket of money now. They don't want things to change; we do.  Produce American oil for America.  