 Madam Speaker, the United States Coast Guard provides extraordinary service to our Nation on a daily basis. They are providing for homeland security. They are providing in this case that we will talk about in some depth a drug interdiction to keep our citizens safe and deprive drug traffickers of easy access to the United States, and they also provide life-saving services, in addition to other routine law enforcement and monitoring activities.  This seizure is fairly extraordinary: 350,000 pounds of cocaine with an estimated street value of about $4.7 billion. That is more than half the budget of the United States Coast Guard. It is extraordinary for this, the smallest of our uniformed services, to have provided that much protection for our country.  There are 41,000 men and women in the Coast Guard who patrol our Nation's shores, gather and process intelligence from around the world every single day of the year, as I mentioned earlier, both a homeland security purpose, and in this case, to interdict drug smuggling.  Though most Americans may not often see the Coast Guard at work along our 95,000 miles of coastline, you can be certain that the effects of the service's essential work ripple down into even local neighborhoods. Drug dealers are feeling the effects of the Coast Guard's good work as they complain of short supplies in more than 35 major U.S. cities.  The Coast Guard has been guarding our coasts and securing our borders since 1790. They do so without need for special recognition. They execute their missions daily, whether it is maritime safety, environmental protection, search and rescue, maritime law enforcement or homeland security.  Due to the Coast Guard's aggressive enforcement in monitoring the Caribbean drug routes, drug smugglers have now had to resort to much more dangerous and expensive tactics providing a deterrent. They've had deterrents to specific routes, which takes them more than 1,000 miles offshore, which costs them more money and presents logistical difficulties, and yet again, gives the Coast Guard further opportunities to interdict.  Although the Coast Guard is the smallest of the seven uniformed services, it is the Nation's leading maritime enforcement agency. Interdicting drugs is an Interagency effort. The Coast Guard relies heavily on their partnerships with numerous Federal and State agencies, including the Department of Defense, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Drug Enforcement Administration and Customs and Border Patrol to extend their law enforcement authority.  These partnerships are a critical component of their interdiction success. They have also negotiated international bilateral agreements to allow them to conduct operations and stop illegal smuggling outside of U.S. territorial waters.  H. Res. 866 honors the brave men and women of the Coast Guard whose tireless work, dedication and commitment to protecting the United States resulted in this extraordinary interdiction of illegal drug shipments in 2007, and on a daily basis protects our Nation and our citizens.  I rise in strong support of H. Res. 866 and urge adoption of the resolution.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  