 billion reasons why we aren't doing more to protect consumers today, why we haven't filed the complaints against OPEC, why the Republicans voted against investigating collusion by OPEC, why the Republicans created loopholes in energy trading so that Enron could get rich--well, they went bankrupt, actually, but others can speculate in the market, driving up gas 50 cents a gallon today. And they don't want to close that loophole because their rich buddies benefit from it, just like their rich buddies in the oil industry benefit from the lack of supply.  But I was shocked to hear the gentleman talk about needing to loosen up regulations in order to get more refinery capacity. A few years ago, George Bush offered to let any oil company that wanted to build a new refinery build it on a closed military base and waive all the environmental laws. How many takers did he get? Big goose egg, zero, none.  What did the head of Exxon Mobil say just 2 weeks ago? We're not interested in building refineries; we're doing just fine the way things are. They are restraining, and they have restrained over the last decade, refinery capacity in collusion to drive up the price. It's yet another excuse to drive up the price.  So they don't want to build refineries and give relief to the American consumers. They don't want us to take on the collusion of OPEC because they're making money off of it. They don't want us to stop the speculation in the commodities market because Big Oil and big Wall Street are making money off it.  And then they want to shift to this fatuous debate about ANWR. They know exactly how much oil is there, unlike anybody else in the world except the one company that drilled the one proprietary well 25 years ago, they're the only people who know if there is or isn't anything there. But we do know underneath the former National Petroleum Reserve, set aside by a much more far-sighted administration 70 years ago, there is a sea of oil underneath the National Petroleum Reserve. And Bill Clinton leased that to the oil industry because they were carping about the need for new places to go and drill for oil. Bill Clinton has been gone 7\1/2\ years. How many producing wells are there in the Naval Petroleum Reserve? Goose egg, zero, same as the number of new refineries, goose egg, zero, because they're making huge profits the way it is. Why should they give relief to the American consumers because relief means lower extortionate profits for them. They have no intention of giving relief to the American people. This is a red herring.  