President, let me thank my colleague from Iowa.  Senator Grassley and I are friends, colleagues, and we work together on a lot of issues. We come to this body with different political philosophies, but occasionally our ideas converge, and this is one of them.  We know that the pharmaceutical industry spends $6 billion a year on television advertising. If you have never seen a drug ad on TV, I know one thing for sure: You don't own a TV. You can't get away from them. Every time you turn around, there is another ad. And what are they telling you in the ads? Don't take this drug if you are allergic to this drug.  How are you supposed to know that?  You may die if you take this drug. They tell you everything under the Sun, except a very fundamental fact, as Senator Grassley has pointed out: How much does this cost?  Xarelto--I know it takes a long time for the drug Xarelto to finally reach the point where the average consumer, the average American, can even spell it, let alone pronounce it, so they can go ask their doctor for it. And do you know how much Xarelto costs--this blood thinner--each month? It is about $520 a month. But it is not the most heavily advertised drug on television.  At least a few months ago, the most heavily advertised drug was HUMIRA.Psoriatic arthritis? Remember that ad that showed the person with the little red spot on her elbow, and they said if you take HUMIRA this may help relieve psoriasis, the patchy skin and such?  Now, there are serious cases of psoriasis--don't get me wrong--but the notion that we would take Humira to clear up psoriasis belies reality. Here is the reality. Humira costs $5,500 a month. Now, I am not going to win any bathing suit contests nor have perfectly clear skin, but it is beyond anybody's mind that we would spend $5,500 a month to get rid of the little patch on your elbow.  Why won't they tell us what it costs? Because they know it is a stunning number, $5,500 a month. So what Senator Grassley and I did a year ago was to say to the pharmaceutical companies: Go ahead and run your ads, but in the ad, disclose how much your drug costs.  I think it is going to create pressure on these pharmaceutical companies when they decide to raise Humira to $6,500 a month. The American consumers are going to know in fact what is going on. We passed it. We passed our bill in the Senate. We sent it over to the conference committee, and it died over in the House of Representatives. But things have changed in the House. There is a new Democratic majority there. I think we have got a better chance of passing it.  Later on today, I am going to ask for unanimous consent on this very simple bill directed to consumer advertising to say to pharmaceutical companies: Disclose in your ad how much your drug costs. That is it. Just disclose it. We have come up with the price that they have to declare each year as their standard price for the drug. Disclose that price to the American people. We think that folks will slow down deciding to buy Humira at $5,500 a month to deal with a little red patch on their elbow. It is beyond belief.  So later on, I will make this unanimous consent, and I ask for unanimous consent now--since I appear to be the only one on the Senate floor now--to speak on a different topic for a moment.  