I am sorry he objected to my request.  Why are we moving so quickly on this? Because it is a matter of life and death, that is why. Why did we decide that this is of such an emergency nature that the House has moved on this already? Because, literally, people who are forced to return to Venezuela may face death. That is why we are moving on this as quickly as we are.  I want to thank the House of Representatives for passing this measure. It is time for the Senate to act, and we certainly have the time on the floor to achieve that.  As I mentioned, if you go to Venezuela, as I did last year, you can see literally on the streets the impact of this disintegration of their economy and the problems they are facing.  I visited Children's Hospital in Caracas, and it was heartbreaking for the medical staff to sit down at the table and tell me they didn't have the basic medicines we find in our medicine chests at home or in the clinics of America when it came to treating these children. They did not have antibiotics. They didn't have cancer drugs.  The economy in Venezuela is disintegrating before our eyes, and these people--Venezuelans in the United States, students and others--are saying they would like to remain in the United States and stay here until it is more stable in their country. Historically, there were no questions asked, and we did that. We have done it over and over again. But under this administration, whenever the word ``immigrant'' comes into the conversation, they freeze.  The same Trump administration has told us that the Maduro regime is unacceptable and that we have to get rid of it because of the terrible things that are happening, that the people of Venezuela should have a free election to decide their leader. This same administration will not help the Venezuelans who say they are fearful of heading home to a country that is so dangerous.  Let me read what this administration, which refuses to give temporary protected status, says to people from the United States who may want to visit Venezuela. To me, it tells the whole story. Here is what the Trump State Department says about Venezuela today in the following travel advisory to American citizens:       Do not travel to Venezuela due to crime, civil unrest, poor      health infrastructure, and arbitrary arrest and detention of      U.S. citizens. . . . Violent crime, such as homicide, armed      robbery, kidnapping, and carjacking, is common. . . . There      are shortages of food, electricity, water, medicine, and      medical supplies throughout much of Venezuela.  Those are the words of the Trump administration about this country of Venezuela, and when I ask that those who are Venezuelan who are in our country not be forced to return to those conditions, there is an objection not only from my friend the Republican Senator from Utah but also from the Trump administration.  Now, make no mistake, if temporary protected status is granted, that does not mean we won't ask any questions of the Venezuelans here. They will have to go through a criminal background check. If they are a dangerous person, they are gone, period. No questions. They are gone. And that is theway it should be. But for those, for example, in my State who are university students, who have their student visas coming to an end--they are asking me: Senator Durbin, will you allow me to stay in the United States until it is safe in my country?  Is that an unreasonable request? If it were Americans in similar plights in places around the world, wouldn't we say: Give them a break. Give them a chance to stay in a safe place.  I will close. I want to defer to my friend from New Jersey, Senator Menendez, on this issue.  When I went to Venezuela last year, in Caracas, I had a meeting. It was a dinner meeting, and it was an unusual one because it was with six members of the General Assembly who are opponents of President Maduro, who is currently their leader in that country. These opposition leaders opposed him, and their lives were at stake because of it.  We had dinner in a restaurant. It was an unusual dinner. It was upstairs in a back room, and the door was closed so that no one could see us. There were six of them, and they said to me: If you come back next year, Senator, two of us will have been deported, two of us will be in prison; and two of us will have disappeared.  That is what happens to the opposition in Venezuela if you happen to oppose President Maduro. It is that dangerous.  One of those six was a man named Juan Guaido. I met him that night for the first time. Little did I know that he would step up several months ago and put his life and his family's lives on the line to say: I think Venezuela needs new leadership. Exceptional courage on his part. I met him then. I have met his wife since. They are literally risking their lives for their country. They understand how dangerous it is.  All I asked for today on the floor is for those Venezuelans who wish to stay here in safety until this political scenario plays out, that they be allowed to stay here. That is all I was asking for--temporary protected status. I am sorry that Senator Lee objected. He did note, though, that in some period of time--I hope very soon--he will reconsider that position and give us a chance to provide safety for the Venezuelans who are visiting here in the United States.  Because he is here and has been such a great ally of mine in this effort, I would like to yield the floor to my friend from New Jersey, Senator Menendez.  