President this week, the Senate will vote again on whether or not the President was right in using a phony emergency declaration in order to take money meant for our military and put it toward his medieval wall on the southern border.  In March, we voted overwhelmingly, on a bipartisan basis, to repeal this declaration. I hope we can do so again. We may also vote on a resolution offered by the junior Senator from Arizona which calls on Congress to ``backfill'' $3.6 billion in cancelled military construction projects. This means should we give the President $3.6 billion to replace the $3.6 billion that he stole for his wall.  There are no protections attached to this backfill, meaning there is nothing ensuring that he can't steal from our military again. It is said that the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result. We should not vote to hand over more money without a guarantee that it will actually go to our military this time. The McSally resolution contains no such protection, so I urge my colleagues to vote against it.  Maybe you doubt that the President would repeat his border tricks. Well, a senior administration official admitted that he actually did plan to do it again in the Washington Post on Friday. The headline reads, ``Trump officials considering plan to divert billions of dollars in additional funds for border barrier.''  Yes, the President has already made our military pay $6.1 billion for his wall, but apparently that was just round one. Talking about the bills before Congress for fiscal year 2020, an unnamed official told the Post, ``The plan is to sell it as replenishment money to the Defense Department for the $3.6 billion they took this year. Then once they got it from Congress, they would take it again.''  It is a breathtaking statement. The question for this Chamber is, Are we really going to continue to play along? Remember, this $3.6 billion taken from military construction projects will cause direct harm to our military personnel, their families, and our Nation's security posture around the world. Don't forget, that came after the White House took $2.5 billion last spring from our military, funds which should have gone to other military priorities were instead diverted to a political promise.  What were some of these 127 cancelled military construction projects in 26 States and Territories and on U.S. bases around the world? The Pentagon prioritized rebuilding National Guard facilities and a school for military children in Puerto Rico. Congress agreed and provided $400 million, but the President took it away a few weeks ago, and their hope is gone.  Joint Base Andrews in Maryland needed a new childcare facility, to replace one filled with mold and overcrowded rooms. Congress agreed. But the President took it away with his decision. Similarly, Fort Campbell, KY, lost a new school for military children. U.S. bases in Europe lost projects meant to reassure our allies and deter Putin's Russia. U.S. bases in South Korea and Japan lost projects meant to deter North Korea and China. All of it and more was labeled a top priority by the Pentagon and cancelled by the President anyway. This puts our men and women at real risk.  The Air Force notes that without one of the cancelled projects its base would be, ``vulnerable to hostile penetration in the midst of contingency operations and an increased terrorist threat.'' Another cancelled project to upgrade a munitions side would make it difficult for U.S. fighter and bomber aircraft to operate properly.  Congress should reject the President's phony declaration and reject the idea that Congress should throw good money after bad. Congress must reassert its powers with these votes this week.  