President, it is hard to believe that in this Nation of immigrants we have such a broken immigrant system, but it is a fact.  We have addressed so many problems in this system over the years. A few years ago on the floor of the Senate, we passed a comprehensive immigration reform bill, which didn't survive in the House of Representatives. So it is no surprise that, on a regular basis, we face challenges when it comes to our existing immigration laws.  One of the most serious challenges is the green card backlog in this country. To try to describe it in just the simplest terms, under the current law, in my estimation, there are not nearly enough immigrant visas--also known as green cards--available each year. Each year in America, there are 226,000 family green cards available and 140,000 employment green cards available. That is 140,000 each year for a nation of 350 million people. So many of those who are aspiring to get a green card and ultimately move to a permanent resident status and citizenship wait and wait and wait for the day to arrive.  Children in many of these families who are from workers currently in the United States on things like the H-1B visa age out when they reach the age of 21, and they are no longer protected by their parents' presence. So they are at risk of being deported, even as they go into their teenage years. It is a horrible situation. It is really a heartbreaking situation. I have come to meet and know many of the families affected by it.  We are trying to deal with this green card backlog with the reality of current politics in Washington. Under the current political environment, there are limitations on what we can do.  My response is to increase the number of green cards that are available each year so we have more than 140,000 available. There are currently at least 800,000 people waiting for 140,000 green cards to come up each year. As a consequence, we are in a predicament, where we don't have nearly enough green cards for the people who are waiting for them.  I would increase that number, but politically that is not going to happen. The President doesn't agree with that position, and many Republicans in the Senate and the House don't agree either.  Senator Lee and I have confronted this issue, coming at it from different perspectives. Initially, we were at odds on how to approach it. I objected to a bill he brought to the floor; he objected to a bill I brought to the floor; and then we sat down to talk.  The bill I brought to the floor, as I mentioned earlier, would increase the number of green cards, would make sure that the families would be protected from deportation while they are waiting and would allow them to travel and to change jobs. That is called the RELIEF Act. I have introduced it. It has been introduced in the House of Representatives by Congresswoman Shalala. It is a bill I still support and would like to see pass. That is my preference.  It is not a bill that would pass in the Senate at this time, so Senator Lee and I sat down to try to find common ground, if we could, on an approach that might work to deal with the backlog in a humane fashion and to protect the families during the course of that.  We have come up with a proposal which I think moves us in the right direction. It is an agreement between us--a bipartisan agreement--which we are now hoping to offer to the Senate for consideration as quickly as possible.  I will very quickly state a summary of what it tries to achieve.  It protects immigrants and their families who are stuck in the green card backlog I mentioned. Immigrant workers and their immediate family members would be eligible for what is called early filing for their green cards. Immigrant workers would not receive their green cards early, but while waiting, they would be able to switch jobs and travel without losing immigration status.  The amendment includes a critical protection from the RELIEF Act that protects the children of immigrant workers from aging out of green card eligibility while the family is waiting so they will not face deportation.  Green card set-asides for immigrant workers stuck in the backlog overseas are provided. The amendment reserves 4,600 green cards on an annual basis for immigrant workers stuck in the backlog overseas and not eligible for early filing. The number is based on the actual or, at best, approximate number of the actual number of people who applied for employment green cards from overseas each year.  Third, it addresses abuses in H-1B temporary work visas. The first thing Senator Lee and I want to make clear is that we are committed, first and foremost, to American workers getting jobs.  In those circumstances where American workers with certain skills are not available, we have what is known as the H-1B visa. Working with Senator Grassley, what we tried to do is to come up with a bipartisan way of strengthening that system.  Included in the strengthening of this amendment is a 50-50 rule, which says that the amendment would prohibit a company from hiring additional H-1B workers if the company's workforce is more than 50 employees and more than 50 percent are actually temporary workers. I personally believe those companies are suspect, and this bill raises that question. The 50-50 rule, as I mentioned, is from a bill Senator Grassley and I introduced. It was part of comprehensive immigration reform.  The reality is, there is abuse in the H-1B system. We don't try to solve every aspect of it, but we do address what we consider to be one of the starting points of the problem we currently face.  Here is where we are. Senator Lee and I have reached a bipartisan agreement on what we think is a reasonable approach, and we want to make sure itis acceptable to our colleagues to move forward.  I have been working on the Democratic side; Senator Lee has been working on the Republican side. We don't believe we can get it done at this very moment, but we are hopeful to get it done very quickly. The reason is obvious. These families affected by this backlog are really going through hardships and concerns no family should face. The sooner we resolve them, the better.  As I have talked to many of these families, they have asked: Why don't you sit down with Senator Lee to see if you can reach an agreement? I did. We have. Now I hope we can move forward.  I yield the floor.  