He and fellow paratrooper, PFC Brandon Jay Kreischer, of Ohio, gave their lives in service to our country on July 29 in Uruzgan Province, Afghanistan.  The early reports on their deaths are that they were shot by an Afghan soldier at a military base--a so-called green on blue attack. The incident is under investigation. Isaiah was 24 years old. Isaiah was the 96th Illinois servicemember to have been killed in Afghanistan since our invasion began in 2001, and he is 1 of 2,289 American troops who have died there since that invasion. He was a proud and outstanding member of the 82nd Airborne. Since enlisting in 2017, he earned the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, and the Combat Infantryman Badge, and he qualified as a Basic Parachutist.  As a member of the Nance family noted, ``He loved his country and wanted to serve his country. He died doing something that he loved.''  Isaiah arrived in Afghanistan just a few weeks ago, shortly after a trip to Europe with his mother Shawn Gregoire. He and thousands of other Americans who are still there were deployed in support of our NATO-led mission to train, advise, and assist the Afghan Army, a mission known as Operation Freedom's Sentinel. As fate would have it, when uniformed Army personnel arrived at his house to break this terrible news to his family, much of the family had already gathered after having attended the funeral of the Nances' great-grandfather, SamForest, Jr., who had served in the U.S. Army during the Korean war.  As one member of Isaiah's family noted, ``It was the worst day in our family's history.''  Isaiah was raised by his mother and grandparents in Chatham, which is on the South Side of Chicago. He attended college in Florida. After 2 years, he insisted to his mother that he wanted to join the Army. He wanted to continue his family's tradition of military service not only as his great-grandfather had but also as several members of his family still do in the Chicago Police Department.  He told his mother he wanted to pursue his dream. He promised her that after it was over, he would finish his degree. Shortly after enlisting, he completed basic training and earned his wings at the Airborne School at Fort Benning, GA. He became an Automatic Rifleman who was assigned to Company B, First Battalion, 505th Parachute Infantry Regiment of the storied 82nd Airborne Division.  The motto of the 82nd Airborne is ``Airborne all the way.'' Isaiah lived every bit of this motto in his faithful service to America and with his family and friends. He enjoyed wrestling, traveling the world, and cheering for his beloved Chicago White Sox. He was a foodie. He loved good soul food. Perhaps, most especially, he loved spending time with his younger brother.  As a member of his family noted, he was ``energetic, athletic, funny, humble''--all of the things you would want your kid to be.  Every Member of the Senate would be proud to have a son like Isaiah. All of the Members join me in expressing their condolences to his family at this painful moment and in grieving with them over Isaiah's bright light--ended all too soon.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  