A lawyer from Springfield once gave a pretty famous speech, and it was only 275 words long. This speech may be a little longer, but I don't believe a speech has to be eternal to be immortal. So I will try, in just a few words, to say what I feel in my heart this moment as you are preparing to leave the U.S. Senate.  Your heart is good, and I know that because I saw something on the floor of the Senate today. Your relationship and your comments about your friend   John Lewis were so genuine and so heartfelt, and the fact that you would point to a photograph taken of the two of you embracing one another as one of the signature photographs of your career in public service tells me a lot about you, Johnny Isakson.  Our lives have been led along the same path. We know how many changes there have been in America during the course of our lives and how many more we need to be even better in the future.   John Lewis was one of the real leaders in our Nation who led us all to look very closely at the issue of race and the issue of civil rights. It was painful, many times unpopular. For his heroic work, he was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and he deserved it more than anyone I can think of. The fact that he counts you as a friend and comes over here for your farewell address and that you would embrace him and announce that to the United States and the world, tells me your heart is good, Johnny Isakson. That simple experience tells me that.  The other thing I know is that your word is good. It was 2 years ago when we had a debate on the floor of the Senate about a measure that means quite a bit to me, the Dream Act--the idea that young immigrants brought to this country would have a chance to become part of America's future. I worked on that legislation for 19 years, so I remember when people voted with me on the Dream Act, and you voted with me. It wasn't easy 2 years ago. Immigration was not a popular thing, but you stood up, and when I went to you afterward and thanked you, you said it was the right thing to do. I will never forget that. It told me that your word is good, and your heart is good.  And, finally, let me tell you, you have struggled with affliction, illness, and you have done most of it very openly so that people with similar challenges in life can watch as you live through this challenging experience.  All of us can remember moments here when you were willing yourself to come to this floor, to that chair, to cast your vote. I have never seen courage like that. Your determination will stick with me forever.  Now you are going to have some time for yourself with your family, Dianne, and others and have some relaxing time together, but I am going to miss you. I am going to miss you as a special colleague whose heart was right, whose word is good, and his courage was there for all of us to see.  Thanks, Johnny. I wish you the best.  