They were decisions made by real people to flood America's towns and streets with ``a blizzard of prescriptions,'' as Richard Sackler of Purdue Pharma put it in his own words. In fact, the pharmaceutical industry in the United States produced 14 billion opioid pills in 2016 alone--enough opioid pills for every adult in America to have a 3-week supply of opioids. Who would approve the production of 14 billion opioid pills in 1 year, 2016? It turned out it was your government. The Drug Enforcement Administration of the United States of America is responsible for determining and basically giving a license for the production of a specific amount of opioid pills allowed to be distributed to the market each year.  It is the Drug Enforcement Administration--of all agencies--that establishes annual production quotas for opioids that are, effectively, the gatekeepers for pharma. Pharma, of course, wants to produce as much as possible in order to sell as much as possible. The Drug Enforcement Administration is supposed to draw the line. Yet, for all of these years, while we have faced this epidemic, our government--the Drug Enforcement Administration--has been increasing the production quotas each year for opioid pills.  Between 1993 and 2015, the Drug Enforcement Administration allowed the production of oxycodone to increase in America 39 times--from 3\1/2\ tons of opioids in 1993 to 151 tons of opioids in 2015. It is the same story for hydrocodone, which increased twelvefold, and for fentanyl, which increased twenty-fivefold.  I pressed those in the Drug Enforcement Administration on this issue. I asked them how they could possibly approve of these ever-increasing quotas while America faced this epidemic. How did they reconcile their decision to flood America with these drugs at a time in which they were being abused and when addiction was leading to death all across our country?  Last year, I passed bipartisan legislation. I and Senator John Kennedy, a Republican from Louisiana, gave those at the Drug Enforcement Administration more authority to set commonsense production levels. It is hard to believe we had to do that--to actually bring to their attention that they were authorizing the production of opioid pills for an America that was facing the worst opioid epidemic in its history.  Previously, those at the Drug Enforcement Administration could only look at what pharma asked for when it determined quotas. In other words, they believed, officially, that they had statutory blinders by which they couldn't even consider the impact of pharma's annual request for production. So Senator Kennedy and I, on a bipartisan basis, changed the law to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to consider abuse, overdose deaths, and the impact on public health.  Finally, between 2016 and 2019, the Drug Enforcement Administration has lowered opioid quotas by an average of 46 percent. No longer can Big Pharma get away with producing this sheer volume of painkillers. The Drug Enforcement Administration will soon be proposing its 2020 quotas, and I will soon be sending it a letter and will urge it to use its new authority, which we put in this new law that I passed with Senator Kennedy, to continue reining in Big Pharma's insatiable demand.  Think about that. While we are going through this opioid epidemic, pharma--made up of the people who make the pills--is coming to Washington, to the Drug Enforcement Administration, and is getting permission each year to produce billions of opioid pills to be sold in the United States--enough for every adult American to have a 3-week opioid prescription.  Incidentally, 2 years ago, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention sent out a notice to doctors. It read that only in the most extraordinary cases should one prescribe a drug to last for more than 3 days--only in the most extraordinary cases. Then watch them carefully because, in a short period of time, addiction begins. Three days? Pharma was asking for a production of opioid pills so that each adult American could buy 3 weeks' worth of pills, and the Drug Enforcement Administration was complicit.  To hold all stakeholders accountable, major legal challenges have been brought against the pharmaceutical industry for its role in deceptive promotion and all of the suffering and deaths that have resulted. Over 1,600 lawsuits from States, counties, cities, and victims have been consolidated into one Federal case in Cleveland, OH.  This reminds me of another public health scourge we confronted when Americans suffered the consequences of misleading marketing and false information about the health risks of tobacco. It took the 1998 Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement to finally hold major manufacturers of tobacco responsible for their actions--that of cigarettes that hook adults and youth to lifetimes of addiction and death.  That settlement was estimated to provide States with $246 billion over 25 years ago. Sadly, only a tiny fraction of that amount--only 8 percent of the settlement--was actually dedicated to tobacco's prevention and cessation. Instead, $145 billion from the tobacco settlement has gone to fill State budgets and pet projects--roads, bridges, stadiums, even a tobacco museum.  Should today's opioid litigation result in large monetary settlements from the pharmaceutical companies and their distributors, it will be essential that this funding be dedicated to legitimate public health efforts so as to respond to the current epidemic and prevent the next one.  In the city of Chicago, near an area known as Greektown, there is a drug rehab facility that I have visited manytimes. It is called Haymarket. It was started many years ago by a Catholic priest who took on a ministry that nobody else wanted. He was the one who prowled every night along skid row and helped those who were addicted to drugs and alcohol turn their lives around. He started this Haymarket House as a refuge for them in an attempt to get them some help in escaping their addictions and being rehabbed.  Can you imagine what it is like today?  Today, sadly, he is gone, but they continue the Haymarket House. Imagine what they face in trying to deal with a combination of addiction to drugs and alcohol and mental illness on top of it. They are dramatically understaffed. They don't have the necessary bed space for people who need a helping hand--for folks who realize they need a helping hand.  Should there be a successful outcome of this Cleveland lawsuit, wouldn't it be best if some of the resources would be dedicated to places just like that all over the United States?  I can tell you, in the city of Chicago, there are many more options than there are in the more sparsely populated downstate areas from which I hail. There are some counties in which people wait 6 months--once they have realized their need for help--for any kind of treatment whatsoever, and then they have to travel great distances for that to happen.  Senator Sherrod Brown and I recently wrote an opinion piece that was published in the Cleveland Plain Dealer. I confess publicly that I hope those who are party to this lawsuit in Cleveland will read it, which is where the consolidated court case is taking place. In it, we outlined what we thought should happen if we were to have any input in a settlement agreement.  We need to make sure that the money is spent for addiction; treatment; medication; residential and community treatment services; mental health counseling, which is a necessary adjunct to this effort; building on a behavioral health workforce and naloxone distribution; and addressing childhood trauma, which is often the root of addiction.  Wouldn't it be great if there were to be a settlement here that would be dedicated to ending this drug epidemic, turning lives around, and saving people from addiction and death?  The diversion of tobacco's settlement money should be a cautionary tale that guides our efforts to heal from the opioid epidemic. If Big Pharma is held to account for fueling this crisis, its restitution should be devoted to helping our Nation heal.  This chart shows the dramatic increase in the production of two of the most popular opioid products. I will never be able to explain how the agency of the U.S. Federal Government, which is dedicated to protecting us from drug crime and drug addiction, ended up authorizing these enormous quotas of the production of opioid pills. Yet we know what happened. In tiny Hardin County in southern Illinois, as well as on the streets of Chicago, they were flooded with opioid pills. When the opioid pills became too expensive, they turned to a cheaper alternative--heroin. Heroin was then being laced with fentanyl, and we have today this deadly epidemic that is almost out of control.  I can't understand what pharma was thinking except for its just looking at the profits and the bottom line that would justify the production of that level of opioid pills into the United States of America. All I can promise is that a number of us--myself included--will be holding the Drug Enforcement Administration accountable in order to make certain that this is not duplicated again in the years to come.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  