With the situation deteriorating by the hour in Hong Kong, the passage of legislation could not be more timely. I urge my colleagues in the House to take action quickly without delay. This bill sends an important message of bipartisan support from the U.S. Congress for the democratic aspirations of the broad majority of the people of Hong Kong.  Some of you may realize that we, just a few months ago, celebrated the 30th anniversary of the bloody crackdown that ended the peaceful democracy movement in Tiananmen Square. Who among us can forget those riveting weeks during which there was real hope and possibility of China opening its political system--the Goddess of Democracy statue modeled after our own Statue of Liberty--and, sadly, the jarring image of the protestor that was standing to try to block the onslaught of a tank?  The crude propaganda and disinformation used by Communist hardliners to brainwash young military conscripts to turn on their own people was both heartbreaking and infuriating. Remembering those days, we must not sit by idly and quietly and allow Hong Kong's freedoms to be similarly threatened.  I have been moved by the courageousness of the pro-democracy protestors in the face of increasingly excessive use of force by the Hong Kong police in one of the most vibrant cities in the world. What exactly are Hong Kong protesters fighting for--the freedoms we in America take for granted every day--the freedom of assembly, suffrage, speech, due process, and rule of law. Rather than sitting down with the protesters, Hong Kong authorities have increasingly used excessive force instead of engaging in constructive dialogue. Yet, ultimately, I believe the Hong Kong Government and the protesters are capable of finding a solution, and I hope they do.  Let me end by appealing to the leadership in China to show the courage to allow the continued prosperous democratic autonomy enjoyed by the people of Hong Kong. Hong Kong's continued special status is the sign of strength and confidence, not weakness.  I yield the floor.  