I am introducing the Resolving Extended Limbo for Immigrant Employees and Families Act, known as the RELIEF Act, which will treat all immigrants fairly by eliminating immigrant visa backlogs.  One of the most serious problems of our immigration system is that there are not enough immigrant visas, known as green cards. As a result, immigrants are stuck in crippling backlogs for decades. Close to 4 million future Americans, many of whom already live and work in the United States, are on the State Department's immigrant visa waiting list. However, under current law, only 226,000 family green cards and 140,000 employee green cards are available each year. Children and spouses of lawful permanent residents, known as LPRs, count against these caps, which further limit the number of available green cards.  The backlogs are a tremendous hardship on families caught in this situation. Children of parents waiting to become LPRs often age out, as I described earlier, because they are no longer children by the time the green cards are available for them. The solution is clear: increase the number of green cards.  Let's be clear. Lifting green card country caps alone, without increasing green cards, as the bill that Senator Lee is sponsoring would do, will not eliminate the backlog for Indian immigrants, the nationality with the most people in the employment backlog, and it will dramatically increase backlogs for the rest of the world.  Mr. Ira Kurzban, who is the Nation's expert on immigration laws, has said that we are virtually trying to solve the problem with Senator Lee's bill for Indian immigrants at the expense of everyone else in the world. He says:       From 2023 until well into the 2030s, there will be zero EB-     2 visas for the rest of the world. None for China, South      Korea, Philippines, Britain, Canada, Mexico, every country in      the [European Union] and all of Africa. Zero.  It would also choke off green cards for every important profession that isn't in the information technology field.  More than 20 national organizations have now rallied against the Lee legislation and have said things such as that the bill offers a ``zero-sum approach,'' pitting one group of immigrants against another to fight the broken immigration system.  The RELIEF Act, which I am introducing today, is a solution.  