 We are at a moment in the history of this country that I am sure will be reviewed and reflected upon for many generations to come. Decisions that are being made in the White House today in the area of immigration will be criticized, analyzed, and in many cases repudiated in years to come. It is time for us, at this moment, to have a sober reflection on what this administration has done in 2\1/2\ years with the issue of immigration and where we stand at this very moment.  This President came to the White House promising he was going to get tough on immigration--immigration. Probably at the heart of America, more than anything, has been the issue of immigration. We are a nation of immigrants. My mother was an immigrant to this country.  I believe the diversity of our Nation is one of our core strengths because we have attracted people from all over the world. This President doesn't understand it. If he does, he is not pushing policies that show any reflection on that reality and that historic background.  Think of how this administration started. Within hours after this President was elected, he announced the Muslim travel ban; that he would single out countries with Muslim-majority populations and say that their people were not welcome in the United States. The reaction was immediate across the United States. In the city of Chicago, I can remember the supporters of those coming from other countries heading out to O'Hare and attorneys volunteering to give them counsel. There was an outpouring of support for these people, realizing that fundamentally innocent people were traveling to this country. Yet the President, with his travel ban, made it clear from the very start of his administration his view on these immigrants.  What followed from there was a decision by this administration to eliminate temporary protective status. Three hundred thousand immigrants in this country came here because of natural disasters and political upheaval and got protection in the United States. The President wanted to turn them away. Was there any measurement as to which ones might be dangerous? No. All would be turned away.  Then, of course, there was the President's decision to eliminate the DACA Program. The DACA Program was created by President Obama. These people were brought to the United States as children because of decisions by their parents. They grew up in this country, and every day in classrooms they pledged allegiance to that flag, believing it was their flag too. At some point in their lives, they learned they were undocumented. They didn't have legal status in America. President Obama felt--and I, as a sponsor of the Dream Act, agreed with and encouraged the creation by Executive order of the DACA Program. So 790,000 of these young people came forward, paid a filing fee, went through a criminal background check, and after they were approved, they were given 2 years to stay in the United States, renewable, where they couldn't be deported, and they could work legally in this country. That program, as I said, attracted 790,000 successful applicants, many of them outstanding students and amazing young people. I told their stories on the floor of the Senate. President Trump decided to abolish that program and to end the protection for these young people--790,000 of them.  That wasn't the end of it. The President continued with policies such as zero tolerance. Do you remember that one? Last year, the Attorney General of the United States stood up and quoted from the Bible as to how it was the right thing to do to separate 2,880 infants, toddlers, and children from their parents at our borders. Zero tolerance; treat the parents like criminals and separate the kids.  What was worse was that no effort was made to track those children as to where they were placed and what happened to their parents. It wasn't until a Federal judge in Southern California came forward and forced this administration to finally match up the children with their parents that the effort was undertaken, and still more than 100 of them were never matched--lost in the bureaucratic sea of the Trump administration. That wasn't the end of it by far.  What we have seen at the border in the last several months has been shocking and unprecedented in American history. This ``get tough'' President, who says he is going to cut off foreign aid to countries in Central America and get tough at the border with his almighty wall, has ended up attracting larger numbers of people who are presenting themselves for asylum status at the border of the United States than we have ever seen--dramatic increases we haven't seen for decades with regard to the number of people at the border. The President's immigration policy has backfired.  