President, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 20 million Americans have health insurance, including more than 1 million in my State of Illinois. Why is it so important? Let me tell you the story of Stefanie from Oak Park, IL. Recently, Stefanie wrote about her son, who has a history of mental health and substance abuse issues. Because of the Affordable Care Act, her son will be able to stay on her health insurance plan until he reaches the age of 26.  The Affordable Care Act also required that all health plans cover mental health and addiction treatment. It is hard to imagine that people were selling health insurance in America that did not cover mental health and addiction.  Two Senators on the floor of the Senate--Paul Wellstone, who stood right over there, and Pete Domenici, who stood there--teamed up to require that every health insurance plan in America cover mental illness. It is so obvious. It is an issue many families face. But health insurance plans were excluding it. Why did these two Senators who were wildly different politically decide they would team up for this? PaulWellstone had a brother and Senator Domenici had a son who were struggling with mental illness, and they didn't have protection in their health insurance, so the Senators fought to include it.  Thank goodness they did. Because of that health law, insurance companies cannot discriminate against Stefanie's son because of his medical history. Her son just graduated college. She is thankful he can stay on her company's policy until he gets a job, and she is thankful her premiums are not higher due to her son's health needs. Stefanie is afraid that if these protections go away because of a court case that is currently pending or the actions of the Republican majority in this Senate, her son will be uninsurable or face enormous medical bills that he will be unable to pay. Stefanie wrote to me, and she said that if the Affordable Care Act were to be eliminated, they are ``contemplating leaving this country to seek manageable health care.''  Democrats are fighting to keep healthcare protections for people like Stefanie and her son. Because of the Affordable Care Act, people with preexisting conditions can no longer be denied coverage or charged higher premiums. Is there anyone among us who doesn't know someone with a preexisting condition? I have one. This protects 5 million people in Illinois who have a preexisting condition.  Insurance companies are no longer allowed to impose annual or lifetime caps on benefits or to deny coverage for mental health, substance abuse treatment, prescription drugs, or hospitalizations, and young people are allowed to stay on their parents' plan until they reach age 26.  Despite the Republican and Trump administration's continued efforts to repeal these protections both in Congress and in the courts, health insurance under the Affordable Care Act is open for business. If you are interested and want to know the policies available, healthcare.gov is the website to visit.  Open enrollment for 2020 health plans began on November 1 and ends on December 15. If you can, sign up. It is a protection that you hope you will never need, but if you need it, it is good to have it.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  