 President, in a few minutes, the Senate will be voting on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to a bill that has been mislabeled the ``Creating American Jobs and Ending Offshoring Act.''  The part of the bill that is attracting the most attention is the repeal of deferral for the income of foreign subsidiaries for importing into the United States. Deferral is the policy that allows U.S. corporations to defer paying U.S. tax on the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries until those earnings are sent back to the United States when, at that point, they are going to be taxed just like every other corporate income.  In general, deferral is not allowed if the income is earned offshore and the reason for it being offshore is solely to avoid tax. What is bad about the bill is it would deny deferral for income that a foreign subsidiary legitimately earns from the sale of goods into the U.S. market.  The problem is that there has been no finding that such income is earned outside the United States by a motivation to simply avoid U.S. taxes. So this bill is completely contrary to a whole half century of bipartisan thinking as to when it is appropriate to deny deferral and when it is not. That bipartisanship goes back to President John F. Kennedy's administration, when there was a bipartisan agreement within the Congress and between the President and the Congress that this is the tax policy we should have to make American manufacturing competitive with foreign competition.  To the contrary, there are obviously many reasons for a foreign subsidiary of a U.S. corporation selling goods into the United States. There could be a need to be near to a certain overseas market or the good in question may not be found in appreciable quantities within the United States. Yesterday, I referred to chromium not being available in the United States, as one example.  There could be many reasons having nothing to do with tax policy. But the sponsors of this bill don't seem to understand that fact, that Americanmanufacturing ought to be competitive with overseas competition or, obviously, we are going to lose business and lose jobs in the process or perhaps the bill's sponsors would admit that curbing tax avoidance is not the point. Perhaps they would instead claim it is all about an effort to create American jobs.  That would be a very good goal, but it is unlikely to create jobs. I fear it would have the opposite effect. The bill may lead to fewer headquarters jobs in the United States, if a corporation, for uncompetitive reasons, decided to move totally offshore and take those headquarters jobs with them. The bill could lead to a loss of American jobs assembling finished products from parts assembled outside the United States.  In the words of the late Senator Moynihan, who was, for a long time, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, in speaking in opposition to this very same proposal 14 years ago:       Investment abroad that is not tax driven is good for the      United States.  In other words, what he is saying there is, if there is investment abroad but it is not solely to avoid U.S. taxation but has economic substance behind it, that is good for the United States.  He did not say this. Contrariwise, if there is money offshore simply to avoid U.S. taxation, then obviously that is wrong. As an example, Senator Baucus and I have been involved in the Stanley Corporation doing that 6, 7 years ago, and we plugged those loopholes.  I agree with Senator Baucus when he was recently quoted as to this bill saying:       I think it puts the United States at a competitive      disadvantage. That's why I'm concerned.  If there is any doubt about whether I agree with that statement of Senator Baucus, the Democratic leader of our committee, I agree with Senator Baucus.  In addition, there are procedural defects concerning this bill. I wish to start this part of my remarks by relying on a statement Senator Reid said to me privately--he might deny he made this statement, but soon after the 2006 election, when the Senate became a Democratic majority rather than a Republican majority, he said something like this to me: You and Senator Baucus work so well together. I want you to know I am going to let the committees continue to function as they always have, particularly in your case because you have such a close working relationship.  With that as background, things have changed very recently so that every bill seems to be written in Senator Reid's office, not in committee.  This bill before us has not been vetted by the Finance Committee. Does anyone believe that if my friend the chairman were to put this bill before the Finance Committee, it would be approved in the form it is right now? If the idea in this bill had the kinds of merits claimed by their proponents, then they should welcome the Finance Committee reviewing it. Let members ask questions as they review the language. Test the strength of ideas through the committee process.  The Democratic leadership has short-circuited the opportunity to methodically test the bill as good tax policy. Unfortunately, this process defect has been more the rule than the exception. Since the stimulus bill in January of 2009, the Finance Committee has only marked up one tax policy bill, and that was the health care reform bill.  My sense is the Democratic leadership simply does not want this bill to undergo scrutiny of a regular-order process--in other words, the way the Senate normally does business. This bill is presented as a ``take it or leave it'' proposition. Republicans are not supporting cloture because they are not being offered the opportunity to amend this bill with amendments that go to the supposed purposes of the bill. No amendments are allowed on any tax incentives for job creation. No amendments are allowed on measures to prevent offshoring of jobs. In other words, the Senate being a deliberative body of a bicameral Congress--and, obviously, the House is not a deliberative body--the purpose of this body is being neutered by the procedure this bill is going through. For instance, I have amendments dealing directly with the offshoring of jobs. They are bipartisan amendments. But if I vote for cloture, I have no assurance from the Democratic leadership that these amendments will be in order. I will describe these amendments.  The first amendment mirrors a bill the junior Senator from Vermont and I have coauthored. It is the Employ America Act. It would prevent any companies engaged in the mass layoff of American labor from importing cheaper labor from abroad through temporary guest worker programs if they lay somebody off.  The second amendment I filed today mirrors a bill the senior Senator from Illinois, a Democrat, and I have worked on for several years. It is the H-1B and L-1 Visa Reform Act of 2009. It would improve two key visa provisions while rooting out abuse while making sure Americans have the first chance of obtaining high-skilled jobs in this country.  Many Americans are unemployed. Yet we still allow companies to import thousands of foreign workers. These businesses should be asked to look first at Americans to fill those jobs, and they should be held accountable for displacing Americans to hire cheaper foreign labor.  These two amendments go directly to the concerns about job creation and the prevention of offshoring of U.S. jobs. Both amendments are bipartisan. Yet if cloture is invoked, these amendments would fall on the Senate cutting room floor.  Furthermore, I have no confidence, even if the Democratic leadership were to follow regular order for floor purposes, that we could expect anything like a conference committee to work out the issues between the House and the Senate.  In sum, the bill's substance would more likely lead to an increase in offshoring of American jobs and would make American companies less globally competitive. The bill's procedure is very irregular and not in the thoughtful traditions that so dignify the Senate.  For purposes of the contents of the amendments, as well as this procedure, I ask that we vote against this bill.  I yield the floor.  