 I probably will not get to all of them, but I would like to start with a recent one that was just stated.  It is not a case that tax cuts are more important than any other issue for those of us on this side of the aisle, not at all; growth of the economy, because growing this economy is the only way we are going to get people employed, bringing in more revenue, and getting the deficit down.  We are not going to get the deficit down by increasing taxes, and I will explain that in just a minute. It is going to take economic growth. You have to get the economic engine started again. We have to get the unemployment down. It is the economy we are talking about.  I heard several of my colleagues this morning say if we do not go along with big tax increases, we are giving a bonus to a lot of people in this country who maybe do not need any more money. Well, if you accept the idea that if Congress acts or does not act, we are giving people a bonus, you are starting with a proposition that for all the income people make in this country, Congress is going to decide where that income ought to go and that somehow we are going to give people a bonus if we do not take some sort of action in the Congress. Well, that is ludicrous. That is the ultimate of the lack of economic freedom in this country. Because every penny anybody makes, whether it is through the work of their hands or their brain, is money that belongs to the people of this country; otherwise, they have no economic freedom.  The Constitution gives the power to tax for the legitimate purposes of government. But it does not give us the opportunity to tax to give bonuses to people because the money is theirs in the first place. It is only a question of how much we are going to take away from people for the legitimate constitutional purposes of government.  Then, where do you get the idea that we are going to give a tax break if we do not do something in Congress? The issue is not tax breaks to anybody. The issue is the tax policy of the last 10 years passed in 2001 that will sunset December 31 of this year. Should we continue that tax policy or should we increase taxes on some or all people? That is the issue. We are not talking about a tax break for anybody. In other words, there is not going to be any tax policy different than what we have right now. That is what we feel is the best for the economy. We should not increase taxes on anybody.  You get the impression from the other side that if we start taxing certain people in this country more that somehow the deficit is going to go down. Well, I heard the President recently on some news program discussing this issue, and I do not have an exact quote, but, in effect, he said that as for as he is concerned, rather than not raising taxes on people and bringing that money in to reduce the deficit, he said: I have better ways to spend the money.  I spoke earlier this morning about the fact that people do have a better way of spending the money, not only the increase in taxes that might come in but even beyond that.  I have quoted some individuals so many times, but I brought the exact quotes with me now because I was paraphrasing them before. But Peter Ferrara wrote an article in the Wall Street Journal entitled: ``Beware the Balanced Budget Deal.'' He said:       Washington's traditional approach to balancing the budget      is to negotiate an agreement on a package of benefit cuts and      tax increases.  Then he went on to say:       What happens [if you do this] is the tax increases get      permanently adopted into law. But the spending cuts are      almost never fully adopted and, even if they are, they are      soon swept away in the next spendthrift budget. Then--because      taxes weaken incentives to produce--the tax increases don't      raise the revenue that Congress initially projected and      budgeted to spend. So the deficit reappears.  Then he talked about Reagan making such a deal with Democrats in the Congress to have $3 in spending cuts for every $1 in tax increases. Then he has this sentence:       Reagan went to his grave waiting for those spending cuts.  Then, recently, there was an article by Stephen Moore and Richard Vedder that talks about raising taxes to reduce the deficit. There are a few sentences I am going to read:       Instead, Congress will simply spend the money.  He uses the figures they have studied:       . . . we found that over the entire post World War II era      through 2009 each dollar of new tax revenue was associated      with $1.17 of new spending.  They refer to some other studies; that it is somewhere between $1.05 and $1.81.       But no matter how we configured the data and no matter what      variables we examined, higher tax collections never resulted      in less spending.  Madam President, do I have time left?  