 President, in October of 2008, the Social Security Administration, SSA, announced that beneficiaries would receive a 5.8-percent COLA in 2009, the biggest increase since 1982.  This increase was primarily due to record high energy prices. Energy prices have since declined resulting in a 2.1-percent year-over-year decline in the consumer price index, CPI, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.  Because current law precludes a negative COLA, the SSA announced this past October that there will be no COLA in 2010.  It was also announced that there will be no increase in Medicare Part B premiums for current beneficiaries, except for those with incomes greater than $85,000--single--and $170,000--married.  I understand the concerns about Medicare Part D and Medigap premiums. Unlike Part B premiums--which cannot go up when there is no COLA--these other premiums are not subject to such a restriction.  However, beneficiaries have other options to reduce these premiums. For example, there may be a competing drug plan with lower premiums. I always encourage people to reevaluate their coverage on an annual basis to see if there is another plan that offers the benefits they need at a lower price. Or, there may be a Medicare Advantage plan that covers both prescription drugs and provides coverage similar to a Medigap plan for a lower premium.  As an aside, senior citizens at my town hall meetings frequently ask about congressional COLAs. I remind them that Congress did not receive a COLA this year either. I have consistently voted against automatic COLAs for Congress.  However, I recognize the financial need of many seniors who rely on Social Security. A $250 check would be roughly equal to a 2 percent COLA for the average beneficiary.  Congress enacted the automatic COLA in 1972 in order to provide an objective, nonpartisan way to determine benefit adjustments. The annual COLA has been based on the CPI calculations of the Bureau of Labor Statistics ever since.  Any decision to change, or override, the current process needs to be carefully vetted. History shows Congress has often played partisan politics with Social Security without regard to the solvency of the program or the burden placed on future taxpayers.  I understand the desire to send $250 checks to current Social Security beneficiaries to compensate for the lack of a COLA. But, we are also facing an annual budget deficit in excess of $1 trillion for the second year in a row.  We cannot continue to add to our deficit without any regard to the consequences.  The Sanders amendment fails to include an acceptable way of offsetting the $13 billion cost of this proposal.  The amendment offered by Senator Burr would offset the cost by reducing unspent stimulus funds.  Last year, CBO scored the stimulus bill at $787 billion. But earlier this year CBO revised its estimate to $862 billion.  CBO estimates that we have already spent $200 billion in 2009 and we will spend $400 billion in 2010. That leaves more than $250 billion for future years.  This amendment would simply reduce the unspent balance by $13 billion.  It has been suggested by some on the other side of the aisle that we should not use stimulus money to pay for other things.  They insist the stimulus money is needed to create jobs. Given the fact we have lost nearly 4 million private sector jobs since last year, I doubt the stimulus money has created any net new jobs. But for those who choose to believe government spending can create more jobs than it destroys, CBO says payments that can be made quickly are more effective than those that take a long time.  By that standard, using less effective stimulus dollars to pay for more effective stimulus dollars is the best alternative.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment which is fully paid for, and reject the amendment of my colleague from Vermont that needlessly increases the deficit.  