 President, my friend from Oregon has adequately spoken about the rationale behind what we are trying to do as well as the substance of it, so there is no point in my repeating that. But I think people ought to wake up to what is inevitable around here. When 3 or 4 years ago we had exactly the same substance up, it passed the Senate 84 to 13, I think, and through subterfuge, it was taken out in conference. The House doesn't conference a Senate procedure, so that is why I use the word ``subterfuge.'' So we ended up with something that has not worked in the last 3 or 4 years.  Then we hear, particularly from the other side, about the holds, blaming this side for it. Every side has some guilt of misuse of holds. The fact is there is nothing in our amendment that changes the power of an individual Senator to hold up something. It is not as though we are trying to compromise this very significant power that an individual Senator has, but we are taking the adjective ``secret'' away from secret hold so that you know who the person is; so you can have dialogue with that person; so you can find out what their objections are; so you can reach compromises. That is the purpose of it. When things are secret, it is not only obnoxious to our principle of representative government; it violates the opportunity for an institution such as this to actually work. We should want to enhance the respect of this institution and one way to do that is to take the adjective out of secret hold, not to change anything else. It will enhance so much public understanding of what we are doing, because the public's business ought to be public. In our democracy, 99 percent of what we do--and maybe the only exception would be privacy of an individual or national security--of the public's business ought to be public, and that is what the people expect. But this word ``secret'' keeps from the public knowledge a lot of information that ought to be there to make this body work and to make sure we reduce the cynicism of the public toward government operation.  As I said, first, it is inevitable that this is going to happen. Senator Wyden and I are going to pursue this, because this is the time to do it. The abuse of this power has gone on way too long.  I yield the floor.  