 President, I hope we have a chance now, during the final hours of debate, to take into consideration some of the reasons we got from where we have been over the last 3 or 4 years with the bubble, and that bubble bursting a couple of years ago, and the financial crisis and the recession that has come as a result of it.  I want to start out with something that is familiar to all my colleagues, something that George Santayana said:       Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat      it.  As the Senate continues to debate the financial regulation bill, I think it is important to consider how we got from where we are today.  Many people believe the housing and financial crisis was the result of too much greed on Wall Street. No doubt. No doubt whatsoever; there was plenty of greed on Wall Street. But greed is like gravity--it is a constant of nature. When planes crash we don't blame gravity. If you search the Internet for the term ``decade of greed,'' you will discover that is what some people called the 1980s. There is no reason to believe people are greedier now than they were then. Greed has always existed. The Ten Commandments admonish us not to covet our neighbor's possessions. Everyone is tempted by greed. Some are more successful than others in resisting temptation. But greed alone does not explain our current crisis. We need to look further.  Many people blame the crisis on deregulation. According to this explanation, Congress repealed all the rules and let Wall Street run wild. Greedy bankers tricked innocent consumers into taking out risky mortgages and sold them to unsuspecting investors. This explanation views the crisis in terms of victims and villains. If it were only that simple.  Obviously, anyone who has committed a crime should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. But this explanation overlooks several important facts: First, the United States is not alone in this crisis. Housing booms and busts are occurring all around the world resulting in government bailouts. According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development--we refer to this as the OECD--nearly a dozen European countries are experiencing bigger housing bubbles than our own. These countries include Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. The global nature of this crisis shows the problem is not ours alone.  Second, we do not have an unregulated free market. Let me underscore that point. This crisis occurred with lots of government involvement. The Federal Reserve controls the money supply. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures bank deposits. The Fannie, Freddie, Ginnie, FHA, and the Federal Home Loan Bank boards insure subsidized or guaranteed mortgages. We have an entire alphabet soup of government agencies that regulate our financial institutions--CFTC, FDIC, FHFA, FTC, NCUA, OCC, OTS, SEC, plus all the State agencies and the Federal Reserve. Finally, we have adopted a policy of too big to fail.  The essence of a free market is the opportunity to succeed and the potential to fail. As economist Milton Friedman observed: capitalism is a profit-and-loss system. The loss part is just as important as the profit part. Profits encourage risk taking and losses encourage what they should--prudence.  Unfortunately, we have privatized the profits and socialized the risks. In some cases, we have bailed out individual companies. In others, we have bailed out the financial markets. In recent years, market participants even coined a phrase for such bailouts--``the Greenspan put.'' In other words, Wall Street was betting on former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan to protect them from their own mistakes.  Recent government bailouts, both industry-specific and market-wide, include Lockheed in 1971; Penn Central Railroad in 1974; Franklin National Bank in 1974; New York City in 1975 and 1978; Chrysler in 1980; Continental Illinois in 1984; the stock market crisis in 1987; Latin American debt crisis in the early-1980s; the Savings & Loan crisis in the late-1980s; the Mexican peso crisis in 1994; Asian financial crisis in1997; Long-Term Capital Management in 1998; the stock market crisis in 2000; the airline industry in 2001; AIG, Bank of America, Bear Stearns; Citigroup, Chrysler, GM, Fannie and Freddie in 2008.  Reducing the cost of failure encourages reckless behavior. When people come to expect and accept government bailouts that's not capitalism--it is cronyism. Until we eliminate the perverse incentives created by these bailouts, no one can honestly say we have an unregulated free market.  I do not mean to say regulation is unnecessary. Indeed, the exact opposite is true. Free markets are not possible without laws to protect property and enforce contracts. The problem is government regulation often has unintended consequences.  The desire to control human greed through regulation is understandable. But we forget regulators are human too. They are subject to the same temptations as everyone else. History is replete with examples of regulatory capture and government corruption. The revolving door between Washington, Wall Street, and the Fed make these problems even worse. Second, regulation can provide a false sense of security. They encourage people to rely on the government instead of their own common sense. Third, regulation designed to solve one problem often create another problem. That can lead to more regulation and more problems.  But most of all, regulation cannot succeed when it is undermined by good intentions.  For most of the past century our government--under both Democrats and Republicans--has pursued an ad hoc industrial policy. We have encouraged home building to stimulate the economy, and home ownership to promote a better society. Unfortunately, we pursued these policies by undermining the safety and soundness of our financial system, which was already a house built upon sand. I will have more to say on that later.  A review of U.S. housing policy during the 20th century illustrates this point. Consider the government's first major campaign to boost homeownership as described by Steven Malanga of the Manhattan Institute.  As Secretary of Commerce, Herbert Hoover declared that nothing was worse than increased tenancy and landlordism. In 1922, Hoover launched the ``Own Your Own Home'' campaign, urging Americans to buy homes. According to Hoover, homeowners work harder, spend leisure time more profitably, live finer lives, and enjoy more comforts of civilization. He urged the lending institutions, the construction industry, and the great real estate men to counteract the growing menace of tenancy.  Hoover called for new rules that would allow nationally chartered banks to devote a greater share of their lending to residential properties. Until that time mortgage lending had primarily been conducted by savings and loans, or as they were originally known, building and loans.  In 1927, Congress responded by passing the McFadden Act, which allowed national banks to expand their residential lending to encourage homeownership. The act also prohibited interstate branching to protect smaller local financial institutions.  Congress would later pass the Riegle-Neal Act of 1994, which repealed the ban on interstate banking, subject to certain limits. This partial repeal followed the savings and loan crisis in the 1980s. Many observers suggest the lack of diversification and concentration of risk among smaller local institutions contributed to the S&L crisis.  The housing market boomed during the 1920s right along with the stock market. When stocks crashed in 1929, so did housing. According to one study, nearly 50 percent of the mortgages in America were in default by 1934. As panicked depositors withdrew their money, banks were forced to call in loans or stop rolling them over.  Before the Great Depression, home mortgages typically required a substantial down payment--as much as 50 percent. They usually had a very short maturity--as few as 5 years. They often had a balloon payment at the end. Homeowners had to refinance their mortgage or give up their home if they could not afford to pay off the balance when their loan came due.  In response to the housing and financial crisis caused by the Great Depression, Congress enacted the Home Owners' Loan Corporation and the Reconstruction Finance Corporation. These programs were designed to bailout insolvent financial institutions; buy up troubled mortgages; and refinance them on more affordable terms. A report by HUD on the history of the era, noted that many borrowers deliberately defaulted on their mortgages to take advantage of these bailouts.  One might think of these earlier programs as the original versions of the current TARP and HAMP.  In 1934, Congress attempted to strengthen the housing and financial markets by creating the Federal Home Loan Banks--FHLB--to lend money to other banks; the Federal Housing Administration--FHA--to guarantee home loans; the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation--FDIC--to insure bank deposits, the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation--FSLIC--to insure the deposits of S&Ls and the Federal National Mortgage Association--Fannie Mae--to create a secondary market for government insured mortgages.  Congress would later abolish FSLIC by merging it with the FDIC following the S&L crisis in the late 1980s.  In 1944, Congress passed the GI bill, which provided low interest, zero down payment home loans for servicemen. This enabled millions of American families to move out of urban apartments and into suburban homes.  In 1945, President Truman proposed the ``Fair Deal,'' which included several housing proposals, including temporary price controls. President Truman declared:       Such measures are necessary stopgaps-but only stopgaps.      This emergency action, taken alone, is good--but not enough.      The housing shortage did not start with the war or with      demobilization; it began years before that and has steadily      accumulated. The speed with which the Congress establishes      the foundation for a permanent, long-range housing program      will determine how effectively we grasp the immense      opportunity to achieve our goal of decent housing and to make      housing a major instrument of continuing prosperity and full      employment in the years ahead. It will determine whether we      move forward to a stable and healthy housing enterprise and      toward providing a decent home for every American family.  I ask unanimous consent to include President Truman's full statement on housing policy in the Record.  