 3588, which would be to exclude medical devices for children and persons with disabilities from a medical device tax.  I know that when you talk about a medical device tax and if it is on the manufacturers, you are going to say: Well, what should I be concerned about that for because some manufacturer is going to pay it. Well, don't fool yourself. You know, corporations do not pay taxes, only people pay taxes, and there are three categories of people who pay taxes: stockholders or employees or consumers. And I will bet in most cases consumers end up paying for that.  So this provision in this bill is much broader than the Inhofe amendment would apply to, but I think Senator Inhofe has picked out a very important aspect of adding taxes, the extent to which surely the vulnerable people whom you call children and persons with disabilities are consumers who shouldn't be paying for a tax to pay for a bill that 59 percent of the people in this country say they are against. But because the majority party and the President want to make history, just make history, don't worry about the people at the grassroots of America, what they think.  So there are all these taxes and all of these fees in here, and I compliment Senator Inhofe for his leadership in at least trying to reduce this burden on people who are very vulnerable, people with disabilities.  Of the many taxes in this bill, I am especially worried about the tax on medical devices. What will happen when the Democrats impose a new tax hike on $20 billion of these innovative medical devices? During the markup of the Finance Committee bill, I asked the question to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation.  For people who might not understand the emphasis of ``nonpartisan'' about the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation, I would like to say it is very important that you understand that because everybody thinks everything connected with Congress is totally political. Well, these are professionals who are around here a lot longer than a lot of Senators and Representatives, and then their job is, in a professional way, to look at what things cost and how much money certain taxes will raise. So they are kind of like God around here. 