 President, the legislative business before the Senate deals with the so-called tax extenders. These extenders, as important as they are, represent only a small portion of the time-sensitive tax legislative business that needs to be completed.  I have a chart that I have used the last few days illustrating the status of several pieces of absolutely must-do tax legislation.  Earlier this week, I discussed the lack of action on this year's alternative minimum tax. I refer to that as an AMT patch. In a day or two, I will discuss the failure of Congress to act on the bipartisan 2001 and 2003 marginal rate cuts and Family Tax Relief Act.  This evening, I want to discuss the lack of action on estate tax reform.  Most of my colleagues know this about me--for as many years as I have been a representative of the people of Iowa, I have never believed that death--a person dying--should be a taxable event.  Taxing people's assets upon their death is plain wrong, and their heirs should not be forced to sell a single asset in order to meet this arbitrary tax due date caused by death.  Company assets should not have to be sold to pay taxes. The market, in fact, should determine when things are bought and sold because that is the very best measurement when a willing buyer meets a willing seller and they agree on a price and a time when a company should be sold. In other words, if you have to do it because somebody died, a fire-sale approach probably does not determine the true value of that property and, consequently, less money to the heirs and even less tax money coming in.  That is where I come from. We ought to repeal the death tax. But that is not political reality. The political reality is that there are not 60 votes in the Senate for that policy. Unfortunately, while repeal is the law of the land today, in a few months the law will take a sharp turn in the other direction--a wrong direction.  Under current law, in 2011, we will once again have an estate tax due and owing within 9 months of death of 55 percent and even in some cases 60 percent. That is not right. We force many unwilling sellers to have to deal with a very willing shark of a buyer waiting in the murky waters of tax uncertainty.  Some people wonder why I care so much about this issue. Pundits might say that Iowa is poor compared to places such as New York City and that land and companies are not worth much.  Much of the press attention has been paid to what the current law does this year. For instance, the New York Times printed an article on how the current law repeal of the estate tax applies to a Texas billionaire who died a few weeks ago.  We are almost half a year away from a tax policy that a supermajority of Senators say they do not support. Yet we are stuck in a mud hole. This time-sensitive issue has taken a back seat in this body to everything else.  My colleagues may not know that Iowa has 99 counties, and I have visited each of the 99 counties every year for the last 29 years to hold town meetings and to get people's opinions. Let me give a couple examples I have learned of why I think this issue of doing something quickly about the estate tax is a very important issue and a very timely issue.  I want to talk about some people who live in Iowa. Not only do they live in Iowa, they have devoted their entire life for multiple generations to build businesses and create good jobs for the people of rural Iowa.  Over 44 years ago, Eugene and Mary Sukup started a grain handling and storage manufacturing company in Sheffield, IA. Today, the Sukups and their two sons and their families are still headquartered in Sheffield, IA, population of a whopping 990 people, about 300 more than the town in which I live. They employ over 300 people from five different counties in good-paying jobs with a good retirement plan.  In fact, the original employee team that started with them almost 40 years ago is still there today and, in many cases, the next generation has also joined the team.  This chart depicts one of the main products they make and sell. For city folks who are watching, this piece of equipment is a building called a grain bin. I have some grain bins such as this on my family farm that my son Robin operates.  I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a short history of the innovative efforts of the Sukup family.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Sukup Manufacturing Co is a family-owned and operated      company located in Sheffield, Iowa--right in the heart of      Midwest farmland. The company manufactures a full line of      grain storage, drying and handling equipment, as well as a      line of implements.       The Sukup Grain Handling and Storage Solutions line      includes grain bins for both on-farm and commercial storage,      grain dryers for on-farm and commercial operations, axial and      centrifugal fans and heaters, stirring machines, unloading      equipment, bin floors and supports, drive-over hoppers, grain      spreaders and Airway' Tubes. The implement line      includes cultivators, flail shredders, a wild game food plot      planter and grain drills.       Sukup's focus in manufacturing has been to hire local,      reliable employees and provide them with top quality tools      with which to do their jobs. Sukup has made a considerable      investment in manufacturing technologies. The manufacturing      facilities in Sheffield house a number of welding robots,      Computer Numeric Control (CNC) Machining Center, CNC Punching      Centers, Mazak Lasers, and numerous roll forming machines.      The company also utilizes progressive dies to speed      production of high-usage parts. Sukup's bin production line      is the most advanced and efficient in the industry. When      Sukup entered the bin manufacturing business, they had the      bin sidewall sheet and roof sheet lines built to their strict      specifications by the leader in roll forming equipment. These      machines are computer-controlled and maintain extremely tight      tolerances that make Sukup Bins the best fitting and easiest      to put together in the industry.       Ultimately, the key to Sukup Manufacturing Co's success has      been its innovative ideas that have resulted in over 70 U.S.      patents. Sukup Manufacturing Co currently produces a broad      line of grain handling and storage systems as well as      innovative tillage equipment. Sukup is a market leader with      many of their products holding either the number one or      number two spot in terms of market share for their respective      product categories. In addition, Sukup products are sold not      only throughout the U.S., but also in over 50 foreign      countries.       One of the other factors in Sukup Manufacturing Co's      success is their long-term employees. Nearly 30% of their      full-time employees have been with the company for more than      10 years. Sukup equipment is built by people who understand      their jobs and the important role they play in producing a      successful product. In the past, to reward their employees      for their dedication, Sukup has invited employees with 10      years of full-time employment with Sukup on a 7-day trip to      the Hawaiian islands with their spouse. It is a great      opportunity for co-workers to relax and get to know each      other away from the workplace, which leads to tighter bonds      when they return to their positions within the company.       If you're ever in the Sheffield, Iowa area (approx. 100      miles north of Des Moines or 150 miles south of Minneapolis,      just off of 1-35), stop in for a visit. We'll be more than      happy to give you a tour of our facilities and introduce you      to some of our employees. We're sure you'll be impressed by      what you see.  