 Under the statutory pay as you go, the amount permitted in this area is about $1.4 trillion as you can see at the top of the chart on the right. It covers about 80 percent of extending all of the marginal rate cuts and family tax relief from the 2001 and 2003 bipartisan plan.  That number makes sense because the bipartisan tax relief plans cut taxes for virtually every American family who pays income tax. How significant and how widespread is this tax relief? This chart here, drawn by the Congressional Budget Office--and I want to remind people throughout the Nation that CBO is a professional group of people who see numbers as what they are, void of politics, and make predictions. So I hope this may shed some light on the question of how significant and widespread is the tax relief.  The line measures the effective tax rate paid by the top 5 percent of the taxpayers. That is at the top, the top line. This group roughly represents those taxpaying families with incomes over $250,000. Under the Democratic leadership's budget, this line will go back up to where it was in the year 2000. That is also where the President's budget, meaning President Obama's budget, and the statutory pay-as-you-go regime would take the rates.  The Republicans believe this significant tax increase will be a mistake. We hope we will be able to debate this policy in the House and Senate, in committee and on the floor. That was, after all, the process that was followed when the bipartisan tax relief plans were passed in years 2001, 2003, and 2005.  We will point out that about half of the heavy tax increases will fall on small business owners. The top marginal rate on small business owners will rise by 17 percent. Democrats and Republicans agree, small businesses are a key job creator of the future and for a long period of time in our country. President Obama correctly points out that small business creates 70 percent of new jobs. I do not argue with his percentage.  The rest will also hit investment hard. The top capital gains rate will rise by 33 percent. The top dividend rate could rise by almost 275 percent. All of this is set to occur not at some far distant future point, it occurs a little over a half a year from right now.  We all hope the economy is on a path to recovery. But does this heavy tax increase on small business owners and investments ever make sense? Because even the most liberal Members on the other side might wonder whether it makes sense right now to increase taxes at this time. Is the recession ending? There is good news some days, bad news some days. But the uncertainty is a factor that people do not want to move forward with investment and creating jobs.  Do we think then that the private sector will grow if we hit small businesses and investors this hard 6 months from now? They are not going to wait 6 months from now to make some decisions. They are making those decisions right now. If we can give them some certainty, I think it would be a big boost for our economy.  You can see that the broad bipartisan tax relief brought the effective rate down with respect to the bottom 95 percent of taxpayers. This is the red line. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle may be thinking to themselves, sure, this is true for income taxes. But what about other Federal taxes such as Social Security, which make up a large percentage of the taxes paid by middle and low-income individuals?  Well, this chart is not just a depiction of Federal income taxes, it includes all Federal taxes. This includes Social Security, other payroll taxes, excise taxes, frequently referred to by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle as regressive taxes, everything, including all Federal taxes over the last 30 years.  The top 5 percent has paid a lot higher effective tax rate than the bottom 95 percent. It has been that way no matter which party has controlled the White House or controlled Congress or controlled both. It shows something you would never know if you listened to the rhetoric from the other side or even the punditry of the media and the left.  Here is what it shows: A progressive income tax system is very deeply embedded into our culture. The bipartisan tax relief plans of 2001 and 2003 made the system yet more progressive. Those plans brought the rates down for the bottom 95 percent of taxpayers. The 2001 and 2003 tax relief plans dropped the effective tax rate for taxpaying families under $250,000 to their lowest levels in a whole generation.  This is the current law level of taxation. In a little over half a year, these rates will pop back up for all of these taxpayers. I have a couple of charts that illustrate how significant the tax hit will be. Middle-income families will run right through these tax walls. I have used these charts several times in the last few months.  For a family of four with an income of $50,000, that is a tax wall of a $2,300 tax increase. For a single mom with two kids earning $30,000, that tax wall will be $1,100. The President, as powerful as he is, cannot unilaterally hike or cut taxes. He needs a bill from Congress to do that. On our side, we want all of the tax relief made permanent. We want the opportunity to debate and to amend a bill that deals with this basic level of taxation.  As has been made clear for the last 3\1/2\ years, Republicans do not control this Congress. We cannot decide the fate of the marginal rate cuts and family tax relief. This is unfinished business. It is unfinished tax legislative business that affects every American taxpayer. It will have fiscal consequences. They are pretty significant fiscal consequences, as you can see by the figures on this chart. That is going to raise taxes an awful lot. If the Democratic leadership wants to keep these levels of taxation low, then they have to deal with the fiscal consequences. Alternately, the Democratic leadership can raise taxes and claim the revenue.  Not changing the law by failing to act is the same as raising rates on virtually every American taxpayer. But they will have to explain to the taxpayers why they raised taxes by almost 10 percent, on average. In the 2006 election, almost 4 years ago, the American people provided the Democratic leadership with control of the Congress. In the 2008 election, over 18 months ago, the American people provided the Democratic leadership with yet the largest majority in more than a generation. They also provided the Democratic leadership with a President of their party.  The Democratic leadership spent the periods of 2001 to 2006 thwarting our efforts to make bipartisan tax relief of 2001 and 2003 permanent. It would seem okay to keep Republican bills from 2001 through 2006 from being made permanent, but the 2001 tax bill was very bipartisan.  Upon assuming control, they have spent 3\1/2\ years with no legislation to make permanent or even extend marginal tax rates and family tax relief packages. My friends in the Democratic leadership need to step to the plate. We have had budgets and statutory pay-as-you-go. We have debated this and voted on the breadth and composition of marginal rate cuts and family tax relief in those contexts, yet no legislative action; no House committee and floor action; no Senate committee and floor action. And that would be the bottom line there. The Xs show nothing happening on something to give permanence to tax law, to give predictability to the future of those people who have to put up money to create jobs that expand our economy.  Without it, the biggest tax increase in the history of the country could be a fact. So I say once again, step to the plate. Blaming former President George W. Bush and Republican Congresses of many sessions ago is no substitute for running this time-sensitive tax legislative business through the process. Put forward proposals. Let us debate those proposals. Let's allow for amendments. Allow votes on amendments. Do the people's business. It is time to check every one of these boxes.  