 President, I want to express my concern about the nomination of Ben Bernanke as Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board and explain why I will vote against him when the Senate has the opportunity this week.  I know many of my colleagues will support Mr. Bernanke because he was a cocaptain of the U.S. economic recovery efforts in the last year and a half. Appointed by President Bush, Mr. Bernanke undoubtedly has a difficult job. Our Nation has been jolted by greed, corruption, fraud, and excessive risk-taking that led to the largest taxpayer bailout in history. Mr. Bernanke was holding the reigns, along with officials in the Department of the Treasury, but steered us into an out-of-control spending frenzy with very little oversight by the American people.  Ben Bernanke has been wrong about the economy. He was wrong about the subprime lending meltdown. He was apparently blind to the pitfalls of credit default swaps. He misled the American public about the purpose and intent of the Troubled Asset Relief Program. He recklessly spent billions of dollars on a few renegade financial firms, picking winners and losers on Wall Street and justified these actions by saying Main Street would be saved. Then, he stonewalled Congress from learning about how the billions of dollars were spent. Ben Bernanke also opposed transparency almost every step of the way.  Let me address these issues more in depth.  Whenever the Chairman of the Federal Reserve opines about the economy, he understands that his words can be misunderstood or taken out of context and thus have an unintended impact on the market and day-to-day trading. However, Ben Bernanke has been saying that our economy has been strong since the beginning of the decline. His analysis of the situation and predictions for our future economic growth were far off.  Let's take the housing problems, for example. In 2006, Fed Chairman Bernanke believed that the housing market had been strong but could cool slightly. He said, ``Our expectation is that the decline in activity or the slowing in activity will be moderate, that house prices will probably continue to rise, but not at the pace that they had been rising. So we expect the housing market to cool, but not to change very sharply.'' He didn't think the housing market would blow up, nor did he believe that the weakness in the market would spill over to other sectors of the economy. He was dead wrong.  He was wrong about unemployment. Most recently, in May of 2009 and in front of the Joint Economic Committee, Fed Chairman Bernanke said: ``Currently, we don't think [the unemployment rate] will get to 10 percent.'' In November the unemployment rate hit 10.2 percent.  We can go back to February 2006. As President Bush's Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, Mr. Bernanke was responsible for drafting the Economic Report of the President which claimed the following: ``The economy has shifted from recovery to sustained expansion. . . . The U.S. economy continues to be well positioned for long-term growth.'' In this report, Bernanke projected the unemployment rate to be 5 percent from 2008 through 2011.  Even in 2007, the Fed Chairman believed that the labor market would stay healthy and incomes would continue to rise. In February of that year, he said that ``the business sector remains in excellent financial condition.'' Later in July of 2007, Mr. Bernanke said, ``Employment should continue to expand. . . . The global economy continues to be strong. . . . financial markets have remained supportive of economic growth.''  Then came the Bear Stearns debacle. Bear Stearns led the charge in the securitization market. Because they had placed significant resources in mortgage-backed securities, the company was on the verge of collapse. In March of 2008, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York attempted to save the company through an emergency loan, but failed and moved to force a sale to JPMorgan Chase.  Three months later, Fed Chairman Bernanke still did not acknowledge the pending economic crisis. In fact, in June, he said, ``The risk that the economy has entered a substantial downturn appears to have diminished over the past month or so.'' He couldn't have been more wrong. The economy melted down, and the Fed and Department of the Treasury had to come to the rescue of several failing firms.  The Federal Reserve Chairman only warned Congress about the financial crisis when it was too late. Under his leadership, the Federal Reserve took very little action to control the root causes that led us to economic storm we have all had to endure. Instead, they urged Congress and the American people to swallow a plan that was ill conceived and risked making the situation worse.  So another reason I cannot support his renomination as Chairman of the Board is because of the disastrous implementation of the Troubled Asset Relief Program, also known as TARP.  Chairman Bernanke came to Congress with former Treasury Secretary Paulson, selling a proposal that would direct taxpayer money to purchase ``toxic assets.'' The proposal would have allowed the Federal Government to take bad assets off the books of troubled firms to keep credit flowing. We were told that the situation was dire. We were told that the Fed and the Treasury Department had a plan in place. We were told that taxpayers may even come out ahead. We were told to trust them.  It wasn't long after the Emergency Economic Stability Act was passed in October 2008 that the Fed and the Treasury reversed course. Without input from Congress, they took the authority they were given and went their own way. Chairman Bernanke was doling out funds for Bear Stearns and AIG while the Treasury was doling out funds to firms that were destined for failure.  Today, the Troubled Assets Relief Program has been used as a slush fund to bail out firms on Wall Street and troubled automakers. Taxpayer money has been enabling these companies to continue in their misguided ways. Corporate jets were being used to lobby Congress for billions of dollars, and CEOs resisted proposals to slim down the fat pockets of their cronies. The American people were misled, and Ben Bernanke should share responsibility for that.  But, it wasn't just the Troubled Asset Relief Program that was used to funnel taxpayer money to failing firms. Chairman Bernanke led the Fed on a spending spree, using a blank check to unilaterally direct money to AIG, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac.  Chairman Bernanke was AWOL as the Federal Reserve funneled billions of taxpayer dollars to AIG knowing that the money would go directly out the back door to AIG counterparties like Goldman Sachs and foreign banks. AIG's payment of 100 cents on the dollar for the counterparty securities meant Goldman actually received more than some other counterparties, because Goldman's securities had a market value of 40 cents on the dollar while UBS Bank's securities, for example, were worth 71 cents on the dollar.  Chairman Bernanke was absent from the critical ``haircut'' negotiations with the AIG counterparties, in stark contrast to the TARP Capital Purchase Program negotiations weeks earlier. As a consequence, no reductions in counterparty payments were obtained for the American taxpayer. These negotiations failed despite the fact that some of the foreign counterparties offered to reopen negotiations. The Federal Reserve failed to capitalize on this opportunity and investment bankers were paid in full.  The AIG bailout was designed by the Fed in a manner that funneled billions of dollars directly to the counterparties. No other outcome was possible.The effect was a ``backdoor bailout'' regardless of the Fed's now-stated intent merely to improve AIG's liquidity in order to avoid a collapse.  Reasonable people can disagree about whether Chairman Bernanke made the right decisions. Aside from the problems I have already outlined, I have serious reservations about voting for him again given his resistance to transparency. For example, we have seen very little cooperation from the Federal Reserve to ensure that the Government Accountability Office, GAO, has independent audit authority.  Last March, the GAO testified before the Finance Committee that the Federal Reserve was resisting its efforts to conduct oversight of the response to the financial crisis by citing provisions of law that were intended to maintain the independence of monetary policy.  Such restrictions could be defended when the Federal Reserve focused only on monetary policy. However, since the financial crisis, the Federal Reserve has routinely exercised extraordinary emergency powers to subsidize financial firms far above the levels Congress is willing to authorize through legislation. The Federal Reserve took on enormous amounts of risk in complicated and unprecedented ways. That risk is ultimately borne by the American taxpayer. Congress authorized $700 billion in funds under TARP. However, the total projected assistance in various initiatives by the Federal Reserve could be up to $3.4 trillion by GAO estimates.  Therefore, I introduced an amendment in May of last year that would have guaranteed GAO the authority to audit all of the extraordinary emergency assistance from the Federal Reserve. Regrettably, due to objections from the Federal Reserve, my amendment had to be watered-down to ensure that GAO received at least some of the additional authorities it needed.  Although I would have preferred to make all of the Fed's emergency actions under section 13(3) subject to GAO audit, I agreed to limit my amendment to Fed actions aimed at specific companies like Bear Stearns and AIG. However, broader, more comprehensive oversight authority over the Federal Reserve is needed to ensure the kind of transparency and accountability the American people expect. Unfortunately, when the opportunity to embrace that sort of oversight was presented, the Federal Reserve hid behind concerns about the independence of monetary policy to maintain the secrecy of its operations.  Another example of the Federal Reserve resisting attempts to shine light on their actions surrounds the ``back-door bailout'' of Goldman Sachs and major foreign banks through the aid to AIG. The Federal Reserve initially refused to disclose the identity of the banks to whom AIG paid out the vast majority of its Federal assistance. Federal Reserve lawyers even opposed AIG disclosing details of its transactions in public filings required by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Federal Reserve argued that disclosing the identity of these counterparties who engaged in exotic, risky transactions with AIG would destabilize AIG, would harm the private business interests of the counterparties, and could affect the stability of the markets as a whole. However, following significant public and Congressional pressure, the identities of the counterparties were released, and we learned that French bank Society General and Goldman Sachs were among the largest beneficiaries of the Federal bailout of AIG. None of the horrible consequences the Federal Reserve used to oppose basic transparency came to pass. The sky did not fall.  The Special Inspector General for TARP has launched an investigation into whether there was misconduct at the Federal Reserve in regard to the Fed's role in the failure of AIG to disclose billions of dollars in counterparty payments to the SEC last year. And just this week, the Special Inspector General announced that it is investigating the Federal Reserve for withholding documents from the Special Inspector General in connection with his audit in November 2009 of the AIG counterparty payments. The Special Inspector General learned that they did not receive all of the documents they requested from the Federal Reserve when they saw the documents produced last week under subpoena to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for the Committee's January 27, 2010, hearing. This sort of stonewalling by the Federal Reserve is outrageous and cannot be tolerated.  So, I have had to ask myself, Is Ben Bernanke the man to lead us forward?  Chairman Bernanke didn't see the financial crisis coming. He never expected our unemployment to reach 10 percent. He didn't foresee the subprime housing market affecting the broader economy. He didn't expect complicated financial instruments like credit default swaps to pose a risk to the economy, even though they were considered by some to be ``financial weapons of mass destruction.'' In fact, Chairman Bernanke insisted only well-informed and intelligent minds were using such instruments and that government supervision wasn't necessary.  This lack of foresight makes me wonder if he is ready to lead our economy down the path to a sustainable recovery.  I am afraid Ben Bernanke thinks everything is under control. He steered our economy out of danger. But we still have a long road ahead of us. The Fed has to unwind its massive balance sheet. It has to remove the excess funds that were created to paper-over the financial sectors' unacknowledged losses without stoking the flames of inflation.  We need a Fed Chairman that is committed to a strong dollar and low inflation. We need a Fed Chairman that is committed to transparency.  I am afraid Ben Bernanke had a seat at the table during the development of our current economic and financial crisis. He has failed to learn its lessons. He has promoted a policy of easy money, inflating our way from a stock market bubble to a housing bubble. He neither predicted nor prepared for the inevitable results. Moreover, he seems determined to repeat the mistakes of the past.  For these reasons, I cannot support his nomination by President Obama to serve a second term as Chairman of the Fed.  