 The act also expanded the FHA mortgage insurance program.  To understand the origins of our current housing and financial crisis, it is critical to recognize the role played by the FHA--the Federal Housing Administration. The FHA was created in 1934. At the time, State and Federal laws prevented lenders from reducing their down payments and lengthening the terms of their loans. As I noted earlier, the typical mortgage required a 50-percent down payment and had a maturity of 5 years. These features were considered essential to maintaining the safety and soundness of the banking system.  Lower down payments increased the risk of foreclosure because buyers had less equity in their houses. If home values declined, more borrowers might walk away from their homes instead of continuing to make payments on their mortgage. Longer terms increased the risk of insolvency among financial institutions because of an increase in interest rates or a decline in the economy.  The FHA challenged conventional wisdom. It sought to waive all of the safety and soundness regulations that applied to the mortgages it insured. According to an article by Adam Gordon published in the Yale Law Journal:       The FHA had a compelling economic case for requesting such      waivers: Treating insured loans differently from uninsured      loans made sense from a safety-and-soundness standpoint. From      the banks' perspective, insurance balanced out the risks of      lower-down-payment, longer-term loans by guaranteeing that,      even if the property value went down and the buyer quit      making payments, or if the buyer defaulted twenty years into      a 25-year loan, the bank would be made whole by the insurance      fund. These assurances and the political pressure for new      ways to support homeownership led Congress and every state      legislature to rapidly pass the requisite     exemptions from bank safety-and-soundness laws.  By 1937, all 50 States had enacted legislation giving the FHA free rein to write its own rules with respect to the mortgages that it insured. The results were predictable. Delinquencies, defaults, and foreclosures increased dramatically.  The FHA lowered down payments from 20 percent, to 10 percent, and finally to 3 percent by the mid-1960s. As a result, the foreclosure rate increased sixfold, from less than 2 for every 1,000 mortgages to more than 12 per 1,000 mortgages.  Almost everyone seemed prepared to accept rising foreclosure rates as the price to be paid for expanding homeownership. However, the FHA soon faced a bigger scandal.  Today, we often forget just how much of the pre-civil rights era in America was marked by racial discrimination. The FHA program was a prime example. During its first 30 years in existence, the FHA maintained various policies to deny insurance to minorities. These policies effectively prevented most African Americans from obtaining FHA insured mortgages.  Being denied an FHA loan usually meant being denied any opportunity to obtain lower down payments and longer terms because such provisions were still illegal for conventional loans.  FHA's discriminatory policies did not end until Congress passed the Fair Housing Act of 1968. Unfortunately, efforts to end racial discrimination marked the beginning of what we now call predatory lending. According to Beryl Satter of Rutgers University:       After decades of refusing to insure mortgages in areas with      black residents no matter what their economic status, in 1968      the FHA went to the other extreme and told mortgage companies      that if they would loan in low-income minority neighborhoods,      the FHA would guarantee those loans 100%.       Speculators immediately exploited the new policy by buying      slum properties, and then bribing someone to appraise the      properties at, say, quadruple their real value. Speculators      might buy a house for $5000 but get a corrupt FHA appraiser      to say it was worth $20,000. Once they had that appraisal,      they could easily sell that property for $20,000. So what if      the price seemed high? The mortgage lender couldn't lose--     after all, $20,000 was the property's appraised value, and      more importantly, the FHA insured the loan 100%.      [Speculators] enticed buyers by emphasizing the low down      payment rather than the high final cost. People eager to buy      on such terms were easy to find. They were usually black or      Latino, and often low income. Given the desperate housing      shortage facing low income families during that decade of      massive inflation, an offer of a home of one's own for $200      down was often irresistible.       The speculators made the procedure quick and easy. They did      all the paperwork, routinely falsifying the buyers' income to      make it look like they could carry the overpriced loan. The      lenders didn't ask any questions about these loan      applications because the mortgages were fully insured; the      creditworthiness of the borrower was therefore of no      relevance. Since mortgage companies also made profits through      the exorbitant service fees they charged for FHA loans, they      made money on every sale, with no risk whatsoever.       By 1972, similar abuses of FHA programs were being reported      in Boston, New York, Newark, Philadelphia, Wilmington, Miami,      Detroit, St. Louis, Seattle, Los Angeles, and Lubbock, Texas.      The New York Times noted that FHA-guaranteed loans were being      given on ``substandard'' buildings that lacked ``such      essentials as adequate heating and plumbing.'' The confluence      of inflated mortgage payments and high repair costs meant      that the low-income buyer never had a chance. The repossessed      buildings sometimes ended up back in the hands of the      speculators, who started the cycle anew.       While the scandal meant ruin for low and moderate-income      home buyers, it meant huge profits for those in the game. . .      .       The companies exploiting FHA policies were not marginal. In      New York top officials of three of the largest mortgage      lenders in the region were convicted of housing fraud in      1975. In Brooklyn alone, the U.S. Attorney's office produced      a five hundred-count indictment demonstrating that ``real      estate speculators, brokers, lawyers, appraisers and bribed      FHA employees conspired in the scheme'' to get FHA insurance      on slums sold at inflated prices.  The FHA planted many of the seeds that ultimately grew into the current housing crisis.  The goal of making homes affordable was used to justify the weakening of traditional standards of safety and soundness. The goal of eliminating discrimination was used to justify extending both FHA and conventional loans to borrowers with poor credit and low income. These changes led to rising foreclosures. Lenders responded by charging higher rates and fees to cover their losses. Higher rates and fees increased the cost of buying a home and led to new charges of discrimination on the basis of predatory lending. That led to renewed calls for innovative ways to reduce the cost of housing. That led to a further weakening of safety and soundness standards. All of that brings us to where we are today.  Before discussing our current crisis, however, let me conclude my brief review of the history of U.S. housing policy.  In the midst of the FHA scandal, Congress created more programs to promote the American dream of home ownership.  In 1968, Congress enacted the Truth in Lending Act to require clear disclosure of lending arrangements and costs associated with a loan.  Also in 1968, Congress split Fannie Mae into two parts creating the Government National Mortgage Association, Ginnie Mae, which now deals with government guaranteed mortgages, primarily those insured by the Department of Veterans and the FHA.  In 1970, Congress created the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Freddie Mac, to compete with Fannie Mae.  In 1974, Congress passed the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act to prohibit kickbacks between lenders and settlement agents and require a good faith estimate of all closing costs.  In 1977, Congress enacted the Community Reinvestment Act, CRA, to encourage banks to meet the needs of their local communities in a manner consistent with safe and sound lending practices. According to Peter Wallison of the American Enterprise Institute, the CRA had a vague mandate to prevent banks from refusing to lend to qualified borrowers, which was enforced by denying mergers and acquisitions among banks. Initially, enforcement actions were rare. But over time, Congress shifted its emphasis from ``encouraging'' to ``requiring'' and from ``safe and sound'' to ``innovative and flexible.'' Ultimately, the CRA helped undermine the banking system by encouraging more risky loans.  As Stan Liebowitz of the University of Texas at Dallas observed: ``From the current hand-wringing, you'd think that the banks came up with the idea of looser underwriting standards on their own, with regulators just asleep on the job. In fact, it was the regulators who relaxed these standards--at the behest of community groups and `progressive' political forces . . .''  But before faulty underwriting helped create the current housing crisis, there was the S&L crisis.  The late 1970s and early 1980s saw a dramatic rise in inflation due to the steady erosion of sound monetary policy in previous decades. Rising inflation led to higher interest rates, which threatened to destroy the Savings and Loan industry.  S&Ls relied on short-term deposits to fund long-term, fixed-rate mortgages. Rising inflation forced them to pay higher rates to attract new deposits. But they continued to earn the same rate on their existing mortgages. Rising costs relative to a fixed income undermined profits and threatened insolvency.  The S&Ls were further hampered by Regulation Q, which limited the interest rate they could pay to attract new deposits. The origin of Regulation Q dates back to the 1930s when Congress authorized the Federal Reserve to set interest rate ceilings.  According to proponents, the ceiling on interest rates would encourage smaller rural banks to lend in their own communities rather than send their money to larger urban banks where they might earn more. The ceiling was also seen as a way to increase bank profits by limiting the competition for deposits; in other words, it would prevent banks from engaging in a bidding war for new customers. Regulation Q was extended to S&Ls in 1966.  State usury laws also placed limits on the interest rate paid to depositors as well as the interest rate charged to borrowers further undermining the S&Ls' financial viability.  Congress took numerous steps throughout the 1980s to forestall the S&L crisis. These steps ultimately failed as more than 1,600 banks and S&Ls were either closed or bailed outby the government. The S&L crisis ultimately cost taxpayers more than $120 billion.  The S&L crisis shows the failure of many small banks can be just as costly as the failure of a few large banks. That is a lesson we must not forget as we consider ways to address the problem of too big to fail.  In 1980, Congress enacted the Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act to abolish caps on both the interest paid and the interest received.  The Alternative Mortgage Transactions Parity Act of 1982 preempted State laws to enable the nationwide use of adjustable rate mortgages, balloon payments, and negative amortization.  These flexible features proved useful during the inflationary 1970s and 1980s. But they also set the stage for the emergence of the housing crisis of today.  The Secondary Mortgage Market Enhancement Act of 1984 made it easier to issue mortgage backed securities and enabled financial institutions, pension funds, and insurance companies to invest in the top rated tranches of these securities.  The Tax Reform Act of 1986 eliminated the double taxation of dividends paid to those who invest in real estate mortgage investment conduits, REMICs. The act also eliminated the tax deduction for interest paid on consumer loans, except for those secured by a home mortgage.  These two acts established the path toward the creation of collateralize debt obligations, CDO, and the off-balance sheet entities known as special investment vehicles, SIVs, which featured prominently in the latest crisis. The tax deduction for home equity loans contributed to the overleveraging of housing.  The Financial Institutions Reform and Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 abolished the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation; it transferred the regulation of thrift institutions from the Federal Home Loan Bank board to the Office of Thrift Supervision; it allowed bank holding companies to acquire thrifts; it established new regulations for real estate appraisals; it established new capital reserve requirements; it required the publication of CRA evaluations.  This act also included reforms of the real estate appraisal system, which had broken down during the FHA scandal in the 1970s, and contributed to the S&L crisis. Despite these reforms, faulty or fraudulent appraisals contributed to the most recent crisis as well.  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 allowed the FDIC to borrow from the Treasury and created new capital requirements and risk-based deposit insurance premiums. Moreover, it granted the Federal Reserve authority to lend directly to nonbank firms during times of emergency.  This authority increased the moral hazard problem by expanding the scope of potential Federal bailout recipients. This authority played a critical role in bailing out AIG.  The Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 was enacted, in part, to encourage Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to increase their service to low- and moderate-income families and neighborhoods. These changes, along with others that followed, served to undermine standards of safety and soundness by allowing Fannie and Freddie to receive credit toward its affordable housing goals by purchasing subprime loans from other lenders. This increased the demand for such loans as well as the amount of funds available to finance them.  The 1992 act coincided with a Boston Federal Reserve Bank study on discrimination in mortgage lending. In theory, lenders evaluated the collateral and creditworthiness of those seeking to borrow money. Those applicants who qualify get credit, and those who do not are denied. The Boston Fed study suggested qualified minority applicants were being denied.  In response to growing concerns that traditional underwriting standards had a discriminatory impact on low-income and minority families, many housing advocates began to urge the widespread adoption of risk-based pricing. Unlike traditional underwriting, risk-based pricing assumes everyone can qualify as long as they pay an interest rate, or other fee, that reflects their individual risk. Thus, risk-based pricing was viewed as a way to safely implement the flexible underwriting standards needed to eliminate discrimination and expand homeownership.  In 1993, the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston published a report entitled ``Closing the Gap.'' This report included recommendations on ``best practice'' from lending institutions and consumer groups. It offered lenders a ``comprehensive program'' to ensure all loan applicants are treated fairly and to reach a more diverse customer base.  The report stated:       While the banking industry is not expected to cure the      nation's social and racial ills, lenders do have a specific      legal responsibility to ensure that negative perceptions,      attitudes, and prejudices do not systematically affect the      fair and even-handed distribution of credit in our society.      Fair lending must be an integral part of a financial      institution's business plan . . . Even the most determined      lending institution will have difficulty cultivating business      from minority customers if its underwriting standards contain      arbitrary or unreasonable measures of creditworthiness. . . .      Institutions that sell loans to the secondary market should      be fully aware of the efforts of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac      to modify their guidelines to address the needs of borrowers      who are lower-income, live in urban areas, or do not have      extensive credit histories.  In 1995, the Department of Housing and Urban Development announced a National Homeownership Strategy which stated:       The inability (either real or perceived) of many younger      families to qualify for a mortgage is widely recognized as a      very serious barrier to homeownership. [The Strategy] commits      both government and the mortgage industry to a number of      initiatives designed to: (1) Cut transaction costs through      streamlined regulations and technological and procedural      efficiencies; (2) Reduce down-payment requirements and      interest costs by making terms more flexible, providing      subsidies to low- and moderate-income families, and creating      incentives to save for homeownership; (3) Increase the      availability of alternative financing products in housing      markets throughout the country.  Efforts to expand the use of flexible underwriting standards raised obvious concerns about the potential for increased defaults and foreclosures. To address these concerns, numerous groups, both inside and outside government, conducted studies, and proposed new laws and regulations.  In 1996, Freddie Mac issued a report to Congress based on its effort to develop an automated underwriting system. The report concluded that it was possible to replace ``subjective human judgment'' with computers that could accurately assess ``multiple risk factors'' and ``identify which loans would wind up in foreclosure and which would not.'' By fairly and objectively accessing individual credit risk, an automated system could eliminate discrimination and strengthen the underwriting process.  This study was primarily focused on improving the prime mortgage market by identifying applicants who received prime loans, but shouldn't have, and applicants who did not receive prime loans, but should have. However, the ability to identify risk within the prime market led to the conclusion that it was possible to do the same thing in the subprime market as well. In relatively short order, Fannie, Freddie, and almost every other participant in the home mortgage market adopted computerized systems to analyze and securitize home loans. These new procedures were applied to subprime loans.  Of course, risk based pricing also raised concerns that lenders might charge borrowers more than their risk profile would justify. Such overcharges raised the specter of predatory lending.  In response, Congress enacted the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994 which required disclosures and imposed restrictions on high-cost loans. This act served to highlight once again the difficulty of promoting flexible underwriting to expand homeownership while at the same time trying to protect consumers from discriminatory lending.  The Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 exempted from taxation profits on the sale of a personal residence of up to $500,000, couples, or $250,000, singles. This change provided a boost to home prices by increasing the after-tax rate of return on housing.  The Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 repealed restrictions on interstate banking. Thisact was designed to address the lack of diversification and the concentration of risk among smaller local financial institutions that contributed to the S&L crisis.  The Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999--also known as Gramm-Leach-Bliley--repealed part of the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933. The extent to which this repeal contributed to the current crisis is the subject of much debate.  Glass-Steagall prohibited commercial banks from underwriting or dealing in securities. It also prohibited them from having affiliates that were principally or primarily engaged in underwriting or dealing in securities. It is important to understand exactly what this means.  As Peter Wallison of the American Enterprise Institute has explained:       Underwriting refers to the business of assuming the risk      that an issue of securities will be fully sold to investors,      while ``dealing'' refers to the business of holding an      inventory of securities for trading purposes. Nevertheless,      banks are in the business of making investments, and Glass-     Steagall did not attempt to interfere with that activity.      Thus, although Glass-Steagall prohibited underwriting and      dealing, it did not interfere with the ability of banks to      ``purchase and sell'' securities they acquired for      investment. The difference between ``purchasing and selling''      and ``underwriting and dealing'' is crucially important. A      bank may purchase a security--say, a bond--and then decide to      sell it when the bank needs cash or believes that the bond is      no longer a good investment. This activity is different from      buying an inventory of bonds for the purpose of selling them,      which would be considered dealing.  The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act did not repeal the restriction on underwriting or dealing by commercial banks. It only repealed the restriction on affiliates. There is no evidence the activities of any affiliates were large enough to cause the current crisis.  On the other hand, as Mr. Wallison noted, there was a critical exception to the Glass-Steagall prohibition on underwriting or dealing by commercial banks. It did not apply to securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  The major commercial banks--such as Citibank, Wachovia, Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, and Wells Fargo--that got into trouble did so by engaging in activities that were never prohibited by Glass-Steagall. These banks suffered heavy losses because they invested in poorly underwritten, overvalued mortgage-backed securities, including those of Fannie and Freddie.  Likewise, the major investment banks--such as Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs--that got into trouble have always been exempt from Glass-Steagall. As I will discuss later, the demise of these investment banks was due to a new variation on the classic bank run.  The Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000 authorized over-the-counter financial derivatives. Although over-the-counter derivatives, like credit default swaps, CDS, are exempt from most regulation, those who buy and sell them are not. For example, the acting director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, OTS, recently testified about the American International Group, AIG, one of the major participants in the CDS market. According to his testimony, ``. . . in hindsight, OTS should have directed the company to stop originating CDS products . . . [and] OTS should also have directed AIG try to divest a portion of this portfolio.''  Although AIG was comprised of more than 220 companies operating in more than 130 countries, its primary line of business was insurance. According to a Government Accountability Office report:       State insurance regulators are responsible for monitoring      the solvency of insurance companies generally, as well as for      approving transactions regarding those companies, such as      changes in control or significant transactions with the      parent company or other subsidiaries . . .  In other words, Federal and State regulators had the authority to monitor the financial institutions which were among the largest buyers and sellers of CDS contracts, and take appropriate action to protect their safety and soundness. Unfortunately, the regulators failed to recognize the inherent dangers created by the bubble in the housing market.  The Federal Deposit Insurance Reform Act of 2005 raised the limit on deposit insurance; merged the various deposit insurance funds; provided credits for banks for prior contributions; and required rebates when the deposit fund goes above 1.5 percent of deposits.  The Credit Agency Reform Act of 2006 required rating agencies to register with the SEC. Despite these requirements, the ratings agency contributed to the most recent crisis as well.  Credit ratings agencies--such as Fitch, Moody's, and Standard & Poor's--have been given privileged status as Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations, NRSROs, since 1975.  These agencies played a significant role in the recent financial crisis in two different ways. First, they placed their AAA seal of approval on subprime mortgages that were converted into traunches--or tiers--of securitized loans. Second, they contributed to excessive borrowing because of flawed capital standards. According to government regulations, banks needed $1 in capital for every $25 of single-family home loans. But, if those mortgages were converted into AAA securities, the banks could hold $60 in loans for every $1 in capital. Higher leverage entails greater risk to the financial system.  This brief legislative history produces an unmistakable feeling of Deja Vu as one considers where we are today. The current crisis has been summarized along the following lines:  In response to the high-tech, dot-com bust in 2000, the Federal Reserve began a series of interest rate cuts reducing the Fed Funds rate from 6.5 percent to 1.0 percent. As cheap credit flooded the markets, financial institutions adopted reckless lending practices under the political banner of increasing homeownership. These practices included liar loans, no verification of income or assets; no-money down, including seller-financed and other third-party contributions, and wrap-around loans; interest-only loans; negative amortization, missed payments are added to the principal; adjustable-rates; and balloon payments.  As these risky loans were extended to marginal borrowers who could not afford their overpriced homes, the financial wizards on Wall Street devised schemes to theoretically insure themselves against default. These so called credit default swaps allowed investors who purchased mortgage-backed securities to pay fees to underwriters, like AIG, in exchange for a promise to cover any losses. Because regulators and other market participants did not seriously consider the possibility of falling home prices and rising default rates, these CDS contracts were not backed by adequate collateral to cover potential losses.  By allowing those who bought and sold mortgage-backed securities to transfer risk to other market participants, it became more difficult to determine who would suffer the actual losses as home prices began to fall and default rates began to rise. The house of cards collapsed as financial institutions became less willing to lend to each other under the growing cloud of uncertainty.  While there is plenty of blame to go around for getting us into this mess, and there were lots of contributing factors, ultimately this crisis was triggered by a new variation on the classic bank run. Here's how Gary Gordon of Yale University describes what happened:       In a banking panic, depositors rush en masse to their banks      and demand their money back. The banking system cannot      possibly honor these demands because they have lent the money      out or they are holding long-term bonds [which can only be      sold at fire sale prices] . . . the panic in 2007 was not      like the previous panics in American history . . . it was not      a mass run on banks by individual depositors, but instead was      a run by firms and institutional investors on financial      firms.  According to Mr. Gordon, this run was caused by the collapse of the repurchase agreement--or repo--market. Before the crisis, trillions of dollars were traded in the repo market. No one knows the exact amount because there are no data on the total size of this market or the identity of all its participants. Estimates suggest it could be as much as $10 trillion, which is roughly equal to the total assets of the entire U.S. banking system.  As tempting as it may be to blame our current crisis on Wall Street greedand irresponsible deregulation, the truth is a bit more complicated, as I think I have tried to show. To understand how we got to where we are today, it is necessary to review some history and some economics.  There have been financial booms and busts throughout recorded history--from tulip mania, the South-Sea bubble, and the Mississippi scheme, to the Mexican peso crisis, the Asian crisis, and the dot-com boom.  Economist Hyman Minsky argued there are five stages of a financial bubble: stage 1, investors get excited about some asset or commodity; stage 2, prices rise as more investors enter the market; stage 3, euphoria occurs as financial markets devise new ways to inflate the bubble; stage 4, investors begin to cash-out of the market; and, stage 5, panic sets in as the bubble pops and everyone tries to get out before it is too late.  There have been alternating cycles of financial fear and euphoria throughout history. While greed and speculation played an important role, there is another essential element that is all too often overlooked. That critical ingredient is money.  The nature of money, the source of its value, and the determination of its supply are topics of extreme importance. Historically, money is believed to have developed from the concept of barter or exchange. Individuals wished to trade one good for another. The most desirable, divisible, and nonperishable goods were designated as money. Cows, wheat, rice, rocks, sea shells, silver, and gold have all served as money throughout history.  The development of money soon led to the introduction of banking. Banks served not only as a place to store money, but also as a means to facilitate commerce by granting various types of loans.  The deposit of money involves two different concepts. First, a demand, or checking, deposit implies a custody arrangement. The bank maintains 100 percent reserves. Thus, the funds are available at all times to meet the needs of the depositor. Second, a loan, or time, deposit implies a temporary transfer of ownership. The bank is authorized to make loans. Thus, the funds are transferred to someone else who is obligated to repay them at some future date.  Initially, most banks recognized and accepted the distinction between these two different kinds of deposits. Moreover, they confined their lending activities within the limits of their total deposits. But they quickly discovered that not everyone sought to withdraw their money at the same time. Thus, they decided they could safely issue as much credit as they desired, as long they retained enough money to meet expected withdrawals. So began the practice of fractional reserve banking.  According to economist Jesus Huerta de Soto, early European bankers often sought to conceal their use of fractional reserves while claiming to maintain 100 percent reserves. Only later upon receiving official government sanction did they openly admit to and defend the practice of fractional reserves.  The most common defense of fractional reserve banking is that it is highly unlikely that most depositors will seek to withdraw their funds simultaneously. Thus, it is said the law of large numbers permits a bank to safely lend out most of its funds. But as Huerta de Soto observes:     . . . in the field of human action the future is always      uncertain, . . . The open, permanent nature of the      uncertainty . . . differs radically from the notion of risk      applicable within the sphere of physics and natural science.  History shows beyond a doubt that we cannot predict when a bank run will occur. The creation of deposit insurance and the establishment of a central bank as a lender of last resort would not be necessary if we could predict such events with any degree of certainty.  The dangers created by misguided efforts to treat uncertainty of human action as some form of statistical risk is evident in the current crisis. The use of computer models to convert subprime loans into AAA securities ignored the human action of declining underwriting standards and the growing bubble in the housing market.  Some observers may be tempted to conclude this crisis is simply the latest in the cycle of booms and busts that inevitably plague mankind. Others may be tempted to conclude we need a brand new systemic risk regulator--in other words, we need someone to oversee the safety and soundness of our entire financial system. The logic behind this approach is that our current hodgepodge of Federal and State regulatory agencies was too busy looking at the individual institutions within their jurisdiction. No one saw the big picture.  However, the problem is not that we lack a systemic risk regulator. The problem is we already have a system risk creator, namely the Federal Reserve.  Mark Thornton of the Ludwig von Mises Institute describes central banking as a confidence game:       The Federal Reserve plays a confidence game with us. A      confidence game . . . is described as an attempt to defraud a      person or group by gaining their confidence. . . . [The]      Fed's basic confidence game [is] trying to gain and maintain      our confidence in its system and getting us not to take      proper precaution against the negative effects of its      policies. . . . [The] Fed's mission [is] to instill      confidence in us about the economy while simultaneously      instilling confidence in us about the abilities of the Fed      itself. The first mission is easy to see because Fed      officials are almost always publicly bullish and hardly ever      publicly bearish about the economy. The economy always looks      good, if not great. If there are some problems, don't worry,      the Fed will come to the rescue with truckloads of money,      lower interest rates, and easy credit. If things were to get      worse, which they won't, the Fed would be able to respond      with monetary weapons of mass stimulation. All this is      consistent with the viewpoint of mainstream economists who      see the business cycle as caused by psychological problems      and random shocks. In their view, it is your fault for      becoming overly speculative and risky and then lapsing into      risk aversion and depression. It is your fault!  This may seem like an unfair characterization of the Fed, but consider the following quotes from 2007. Remember, by early 2007 housing prices were falling in many areas.  In January of 2007, Chairman Bernanke described the Fed's superhero-like ability to access information, identify risk, anticipate crisis, and respond to any challenge.  Mr. Barnanke said:       Many large banking organizations are sophisticated      participants in financial markets, including the markets for      derivatives and securitized assets. In monitoring and      analyzing the activities of these banks, the Fed obtains      valuable information about trends and current developments in      these markets. Together with the knowledge obtained through      its monetary-policy and payments activities, information      gained through its supervisory activities gives the Fed an      exceptionally broad and deep understanding of developments in      financial markets and financial institutions. . . .       In its capacity as a bank supervisor, the Fed can obtain      detailed information from these institutions about their      operations and risk-management practices and can take action      as needed to address risks and deficiencies. The Fed is also      either the direct or umbrella supervisor of several large      commercial banks that are critical to the payments system      through their clearing and settlement activities. . . .       In my view, however, the greatest external benefits of the      Fed's supervisory activities are those related to the      institution's role in preventing and managing financial      crises.       Finally, the wide scope of the Fed's activities in      financial markets--including not only bank supervision and      its roles in the payments system but also the interaction      with primary dealers and the monitoring of capital markets      associated with the making of monetary policy--has given      the Fed a uniquely broad expertise in evaluating and      responding to emerging financial strains.  I could go on at length reading similar quotes from various Fed officials. But to save on time and embarrassment, I will simply put Mr. Thornton's article in the Record, and skip to his conclusion. Mr. Thornton says:       We can see that the Fed is a confidence game. Their public      pronouncements, while heavily nuanced and hedged, uniformly      present the American people with a rosy scenario of the      economy, the future, and the ability of the Fed to manage the      market. Ben Bernanke told Congress [in March of 2010] that we      are in the early stages of an economic recovery. Of course,      he has been saying that since the spring of 2009 (if not      earlier). . . . These are the people who said that there was      no housing bubble, that there was no danger of financial      crisis, and then that a financial crisis would not impact the      real economy. These are the same people who said they needed      a multi-trillion dollar bailout of the financial industry, or      we would get severe trouble in the economy. They got their      bailout, and we got the severe trouble anyways. It is time to      bring this confidence game to an end.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mr. Thornton's article be printed in the Record.  