 One would be to speak in support of part of the Coburn amendment, and the second one would be to speak on the issue of taxes.  I want to speak in favor of Senator Coburn's amendment that would repeal a special deal for California. As I have said before, Medicare's payment system for physicians is flawed in many ways. One of those flaws has resulted in unfairly low payments to physicians in my own State of Iowa and many other rural States over the course of many years.  Medicare payments vary from one area to another based upon geographic adjustments made by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. These adjustments are supposed to reflect the differences in the cost of providing care in different areas and equalizing physician payment. But the geographic adjustors have been a dismal failure. They do not accurately represent the costs in rural States. Instead, they have created unfairly low Medicare rates and have, in fact, even discouraged physicians from practicing in rural areas such as Arkansas, New Mexico, Missouri, Iowa, North Dakota, and maybe, you could say, a lot of rural States.  Last fall, I offered an amendment to reform the unfair formula that has caused these unduly low rural payments during the Finance Committee markup of the health care reform bill. My amendment requires CMS to use accurate data rather than inaccurate proxies to calculate the geographic adjustors for physician practice costs. My amendment was accepted unanimously by the entire Senate Finance Committee, and it was included in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that was signed into law by the President in March. It is a national solution to this problem that has plagued so many rural States.  Unfortunately, the rural equity that my amendment would finally achieve has been endangered by the Democratic majority's sweetheart deals. One of these sweetheart deals was added to the Senate health care reform bill that is now law. This special deal was added behind the closed doors of the Senate majority leader, and it addressed the unfairly low payments in rural States. It was included in the Senate health reform bill for two of my Democratic colleagues from so-called frontier States. It is what I call the frontier freeloader provision. And it can be called that because it just helped five States at the expense of 45 others.  The frontier freeloader deal gives higher Medicaid payments to just five States--North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Wyoming, and Utah--and it is at the expense of every other State. Even though Iowa, New Mexico, Arkansas, Missouri, and other rural States do not benefit from this deal, they have to pay for it. Here we are. Taxpayers in your State and mine--all the other 45 States--have to kick in to pay the $2 billion for higher Medicare payments for these 5 so-called frontier States. This is another example of how the secret deals made by the Democratic majority leader to get votes during health care reform led to bad policies such as the ``Cornhusker kickback,'' the ``Louisiana purchase,'' and the Florida ``Gator aid.'' I introduced legislation in April to repeal this sweetheart deal for frontier states. My bill, the Medicare Rural Health Care Equity Act, would eliminate this special deal for these five States. We should improve physician payments for all rural States, not just a select few.  The Coburn amendment would address a similar concern--yet another special deal for just one State has been included in the Democrat's tax extender bill. Section 522 of the Democratic substitute would provide $400 million over 10 years to create yet a new system for calculating payments for physicians in rural areas, but you know what, only in one State--California. This is just one more example of the sweetheart deals that have permeated the Democratic leadership's efforts during these times. Will these special deals ever stop? I strongly oppose these sweetheart deals, and I will continue to speak out against them, and I will continue to work to pass legislation to repeal these special deals, such as the Medicare Rural Health Care Equity Act, that I introduced this year.  That is why I strongly support the amendment by my colleague from Oklahoma to strike this $400 million sweetheart deal for California from the bill, and I urge my colleagues, especially those from other rural States, to do the same. You see, what happens here when you start doing something for 1 State here and 5 States over here--there are about 30 States, maybe 35 States that have similar problems. We ought to attack these similar problems with the same principle, as I see it.  As I said, I wish to continue to address my colleagues on the subject of time-sensitive tax legislative business. I have already spoken on other items. I have a chart here that says what the four items are that are time sensitive that we ought to be working on and how far we have gotten on some of them. Obviously, as you can see from the Xs there, we have not gotten very far on most of them.  Last week, I discussed the unfinished tax legislative business. This chart gives you an update of the legislation before the Senate. It deals with only one small, however important, part of unfinished tax legislative business.  These tax extenders are on their second Senate stop. This is the bill now before the Senate. As this chart shows, the tax extenders which are overdue by almost half a year are not alone. There are three other major areas of unfinished business.  One area is the one I discussed a couple of days ago--the alternative minimum tax, the AMT patch. That issue, if you do not deal with it, is going to raise the taxes of 24 million Americans, middle-class Americans who, frankly, were never intended to pay the alternative minimum tax. If we do not fix it, 24 million people are going to see their taxes go up.  Yesterday, I addressed the issue of the death tax. That is an area which is very important. I took a lot of time of my colleagues last night to explain the issue and particularly the impact on small, family-owned businesses that may be sold off because we do not have a good estate tax policy.  The third area and the one I am going to address now is the 2001 and 2003 tax rate cuts and family tax relief package. That is the one that, if Congress does nothing between now and December 31, starting January 1, 2011, the American people are going to have the biggest tax increase in the history of the country and without even a vote of Congress. Existing law, with the tax reductions of 2001 and 2003, sunsets. ``Sunset'' simply means that if Congress does nothing, the biggest tax increase in the history of the country happens without us even casting a vote here in the Senate.  As important as the AMT patch and the death tax are, these two I just mentioned are dwarfed by the impact of this third package of expiring tax provisions. I am referring to the marginal rate cuts and the family tax relief of the bipartisan tax relief that was enacted in 2001 and 2003. Efforts to make these tax relief packages permanent were rebuffed. The resistance was the result of a hard and determined minority back then, marshaled by the Senate Democratic leadership. It was reflected in the budget resolutions offered in filibusters.  Even more inexplicable than the Democratic leadership's failure to extend popular and bipartisan tax relief enacted in 2001 and 2003 were some of the reasons given. It was basically said that since Republicans wrote the law, it is our--meaning Republicans--problem. The left wing of the blogosphere echoed the Democratic leadership's position.  Some of those reflections in the blogosphere even alleged that the sunset was a Republican conspiracy. Icame across a 2007 posting on Daily KOS blog. The posting referred to the provisions of the Tax Increase Prevention and Reconciliation Act of 2005, which was enacted in May 2006. That legislation contained two basic pieces. One was an extension of lower rates for capital gains and dividends. Another was the extension of the alternative minimum tax patch. The poster's analysis concluded that the bill was a ``poison pill'' designed--can you believe it--to sabotage the economy, which supposedly would increase the prospects of Republican candidates in 2012. I know that sounds a little far-fetched, but that is what the KOS posting on their blog said. The argument seems to be that having popular and bipartisan tax relief from 2001 and 2003 all sunset at the end of 2010 would cause such an economic mess that the Democrats, assumed by the posters to be in power at the time, will take the blame and suffer at the polls.  In the posting titled ``The Monster Republican Tax Hike,'' the poster stated that:       Republican Congresses chose not to make their tax cuts . .      . permanent.  The argument seems to be that Republicans put sunset clauses in the bill solely to improve long-term budget projections and that responsibility for the expiration of tax relief rests completely with Republicans. The implication is that by lowering taxes, Republicans are responsible for a tax increase that would occur when the Democratic majorities control both Houses of Congress. That is a little far-fetched because it is just some sort of conspiracy that you can control the electorate and these things are going to exactly work out this way. That is obviously stupid, but that doesn't keep bloggers from talking--whatever they want to believe.  The commentaries I just referred to are available to anyone in the April 12, 2007, edition of the Congressional Record.  I have heard some Members on the other side as well as key staff have made similar assertions. As one who was involved in the writing of these tax relief plans of 2001 and 2003, I want to tell my fellow Senators without reservation that these assertions are absolutely untrue, besides being ridiculous. To begin with, it is completely ridiculous to suggest that President Bush and Republicans in general did not intend or desire the permanence of tax relief. President Bush and Republicans in general have favored tax relief permanence. You need to look no further than the budgets to which I referred. The administration and Republican Congress budgeted for extension of the bipartisan tax relief provisions. That action affected the bottom lines of those budgets.  We heard over and over the criticism of those budgets. We heard it from the Democratic leadership, liberal think tanks, and some sympathetic east coast media. As a matter of fact, after 3\1/2\ years of congressional control, we still hear the Democratic leadership's criticism every day. Just recently, the Speaker of the House was asked when the Democratic leadership would cease laying the blame for all fiscal problems on Republican budgets of the years 2001 to 2006. MSNBC's Chuck Todd recently interviewed the highest ranking Democrat in the House. Mr. Todd asked if there was a statute of limitations on placing responsibility on the Presidency of Mr. Bush.       At what point do you think the public says something [like      this]? ``You know what, yes, we were unhappy with the Bush      administration . . . [but] stop blaming the Bush      administration.  Mr. Todd went on to say:       When does that run out?  But then the Speaker specifically replied:       Well, it runs out when the problems go away.  The blame game is no substitute for doing the job you have been hired to do. People elect folks to public office to do--what? To govern; govern at the will of the people. Governing is not just about enjoying the benefits of public office. This is a public trust we hold. We work for the American people; they don't work for us. Part of governing is also about making choices. Some of those choices are tough, as we know, and those of us in public life need to be accountable for those choices.  The Democratic leadership cannot have it both ways. They cannot continue the bipartisan tax relief and not be responsible for the deficit impact those policies carry. No family can make decisions about its budget and evade the consequences by blaming their next-door neighbors. No business can make decisions about its budget and evade the consequences by blaming a competing business. The fiscal consequences are an important part of that decision.  The statutory pay-go or pay-as-you-go regime was enacted as part of the last debt limit increase. It covers only part of the revenue loss of making permanent the bipartisan tax relief plans of 2001 and 2003. For instance, the alternative minimum tax patch is extended for only 2 years. Death tax policy is extended at 2009 levels only through 2011. How do you plan estates when you only have a tax law in place for 2 years?  Even with those limitations, the Joint Committee on Taxation states: Complying with the pay-go rule means a revenue loss of over $1.5 trillion over 10 years.  I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a copy of the Joint Committee on Taxation's estimate of the tax relief covered by statutory pay-go. And this is a summation of that.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:[GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TS17JN10.003[GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TS17JN10.004  