 President, one of the provisions the Democratic leadership decided to put in this HIRE bill is the expansion of Build America Bonds. Build America Bonds is a very rich spending program; however, it isdisguised as a tax cut. One Democratic Senator was asked why the Build America Bonds program is viewed differently than appropriations, and she replied: It has a good name.  Ironically, the Finance Committee is returning to its roots of doing appropriations bills. When our committee was established in 1816, the Finance Committee handled the major appropriations bills that came before Congress.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a portion of the document outlining the history of the Finance Committee be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       This vote of no confidence proved a turning point in      jurisdiction over tariff bills. . . . Beginning in 1834, all      tariff bills were referred initially to the Finance      Committee. The important Tariff Act of 1842 was handle by the      Finance Committee, as were a number of minor bills in the      decade following the Compromise Tariff of 1833.       In 1846, a bill to reduce tariffs was passed by the House      and sent to the Senate on July 6. The Senate leaders wished      to take the bill up on the Senate floor immediately; a motion      to refer it first to the Finance Committee was narrowly      defeated 24 to 22. After 6 weeks of floor debate, it was      referred to the Finance Committee on July 27 by a 28 to 27      vote, with detailed specific instructions on what to report.      The following day the committee asked to be discharged from      further consideration of the bill. A motion to refer the bill      to a special committee, with similar detailed instructions,      was defeated 27 to 27 (with the Vice President opposing the      motion), the bill was then passed with the Vice President      voting for the bill, thereby breaking a tie vote of 27 to 27.       For the next decade, there was no serious challenge to the      Finance Committee's jurisdiction over tariff measures. The      tariff-reducing Tariff Act of 1857 was handled by the Finance      Committee; an attempt to prevent referral of the 1861 Tariff      Act to the Finance Committee was defeated, 29 to 27 (though      subsequent to Finance Committee action, a select committee      was appointed to consider the bill further).       Appropriation bills.--Though the Finance Committee was to      become the major committee handling appropriations before the      Civil War, this role was not established immediately upon the      creation of the committee in 1816.       In the earliest years of the committee's existence, there      were only three major appropriation bills to be considered      each year: for the Army, for the Navy, and for the civil      functions of Government. In the first session of the 14th      Congress, while the Finance Committee was still a select      committee, the Army appropriation bill was handled by the      Select Committee on Military Affairs; the Navy appropriation      bill was handled by the Select Committee on Naval Affairs;      and the general Government appropriation bill was referred to      a specially created select committee none of whose members      served on the select Committee on Finance and an Uniform      National Currency).       The next year, when the standing Committee on Finance was      established it took over the responsibility for the Army and      general Government appropriation bills. The Navy      appropriation bill continued to be handled by the Committee      on Naval Affairs until 1827 (with the exception of the 2      years 1821 and 1822), when the Finance Committee was assigned      the bill.       One of the appropriation actions in the early years of the      Senate Finance Committee related to the Louisiana purchase,      which had been made in 1803. Of the $15 million cost of the      purchase, $3.75 million was retained by the United States to      pay claims of U.S. citizens for damages incurred (mostly at      sea at the hands of the French). The remaining $11.25 million      was provided in 6-percent bonds payable in four annual      installments, from 1818 to 1821. Since Napoleon wanted cash      rather than bonds, he sold them to two international bankers      for about $10.2 million. The bankers held the bonds until      maturity: when they were paid, the Senate Finance Committee      had jurisdiction over the appropriation bills. The total cost      of the Louisiana purchase to the United States, including      interest and American damage claims, was $23.5 million less      than 3 cents an acre for the entire territory.       New appropriation bills were not always referred to the      Finance Committee. An annual bill appropriating funds for      Revolutionary War pensions was first referred to the      Committee on Pensions: not until 1830 was Finance Committee      jurisdiction over appropriations for this purpose firmly      established. Appropriations related to Indian treaties were      first handled by the Committee on Indian Affairs; transfer of      jurisdiction to the Finance Committee took several years, and      it was not until 1834 that all Indian appropriation bills      began to be referred to the Finance Committee.       From this time on, jurisdiction over appropriation bills      remained virtually unchanged until the Civil War. The Finance      Committee was given basic responsibility for appropriations,      with the sole exception of public works appropriation bills      (which were referred either to the Committee on Commerce or      the Committee on Territories, depending on the location of      the projects).  