  In addition, Douglas Elmendorf, Director of the Congressional Budget Office, recently indicated that the landmark health care reform bill would not accomplish its primary fiscal objective of reducing Federal health expenditures.  Dr. Elmendorf made this point in a presentation to the Institute of Medicine on May 26, of this year. The presentation is titled ``Health Costs and the Federal Budget'' and is available on the CBO website as well.  The second event is the record buildup of public debt. Last week, the Federal public debt passed $13 trillion. On that monstrous number, $1 trillion was added in the last year all by itself.  The third event is the continuous mounting of the cost of the stimulus bill. Recent Congressional Budget Office scoring shows that policy, insteadof being roughly $800 billion, is now exceeding $1 trillion.  The fourth event is the fiscal troubles in the country of Greece. Too much spending and public debt has put Greek public finance in a state of distress.  The fifth event is the troubling developments in States with large open-ended social spending programs and already very high income taxes. The people who send us here are also reading these reports and they are rightfully worried about these fiscal troubles. They are sending one message to Washington, and it is as clear as any bell. They are saying: Reverse course on deficits and debt. They say we in Congress ought to restrain ourselves and our policies; pull back on extra spending. Republicans heard that message a while ago, and it looks to me as though Democrats are hearing the same thing.  To sum up at this point, on the first point I have been speaking about--on process--the Democratic leadership, by avoiding a genuine bipartisan compromise, is continuing to take a very long path to resolving this overdue unfinished business. The bipartisan path to succeed was set forth almost 4 months ago--early February--and that was the Baucus-Grassley compromise.  Unfortunately, the tax offsets--largely noncontroversial--were lifted from that compromise and used for something totally unrelated, but to cover the bloated spending in the health care bill. To retain the spirit of that compromise, those offsets would need to be replaced by restraints on spending. Republicans, in our alternative, will show the way to achieve those savings.  As has been the case for the last year and a half, those who pay income tax and those who receive government checks aren't treated similarly.  Even with those revisions, keep in mind on net, the taxpayer is paying at least $40 billion more in this bill. Spending constituents receive almost $100 billion in new spending.  My second process point goes to time-sensitive legislative business that is yet unfinished in terms of revenue and taxpayers affected. The other unfinished tax legislative business dwarfs the measures in this bill now before the Senate.  There are three major policy areas that need to be addressed. I do not know when they are going to be addressed. These three issues are the death tax, the current alternative minimum tax fix--that is an annual process we go through--and, three, the bipartisan 2001 and 2003 tax relief plans. So I want to go into these in some detail.  I have a chart that shows the status of these three policy issues. Let's start with the death tax, or the estate tax, whatever you want to call it. Since the first of the year there has been no death tax. If you died, up to this point, presumably, your estate is going to be tax free. At the end of this year, the death tax then reappears, and not in a very friendly way.  After failing to act for almost 3 years in the majority, the House Democratic leadership put a death tax reform measure before the House last year at the same time it should have been discussed in the Senate. But the Senate has not acted on the House bill.  I might suggest to you that we had to act on that health care bill because it takes effect in 2014, but tax extenders and the estate tax that had to be settled in December were not even discussed.  In Iowa I can tell you that confusion and the anxiety over the uncertain state of the death tax comes up in my town meetings all the time. I would be surprised if other Senators are not hearing the same thing. I got a letter signed by 750 lawyers and accountants in my State saying: How do we advise our clients? What is the estate tax going to be for the future?  It is not a case of just what the tax law is, it is the case of millions of people wanting to plan estates and cannot do it. I refer again to my friend, Chairman Baucus, who was working on a compromise proposal with Senators Lincoln, Kyl, and myself.  Unfortunately, the liberal core of the Senate Democratic caucus seems to prefer no action at all. My friend, the junior Senator from Vermont, has been transparent about his desire to leave the law as it is; in other words, next year only have a million-dollar exemption.  Others feel just as strongly, but perhaps are not as transparent as the junior Senator from Vermont. In any event, the effect of failing to reform current law will be to raise the number of people hit by the death tax by a factor of 10 times. What I am saying is, stalling out a bipartisan reform, which seems to be the liberal core's objective, will likely mean 10 times as many family farmers and small businesses will be hit with the death tax. A reform like the one envisioned by Senators Lincoln and Kyl will mean only the richest 10 percent of dead peoples' estate will face the death tax.  Now I would like to turn to a second major area of unfinished business; that is, the alternative minimum tax fix. This is one of those yearly or biannual things the Congress goes through so that middle-class Americans will not pay a tax that was meant just for the very wealthy. So we are talking about this year's tax fix already.  The law says 30 million Americans, or maybe more accurately 24 million Americans, ought to be paying this income tax right now. The trouble is they do not file until next year, so it gives us a chance to do something about it. But for those filing quarterly, if they are not taking that into consideration they are violating the law.  In the next week, on June 15, the second installment of this year's estimated income tax is due. Last year, 24 million middle-income families were spared from the unfair hit of the alternative minimum tax. The fix meant $2,300 per family. This year those figures are going to go up.  If the law is not changed, all those families will have to pay at least $2,300 more per family. In my State of Iowa, it means at least 124,000 middle-income families will be paying additional income tax that was only meant for the very wealthy.  No bill has been marked up or passed in the House that deals with this problem. Under current law, some of these millions of families should be paying estimated tax next week, June 15.  Finally, let's take a look at the third major area of unfinished tax business. Here we have a chart, and I am referring to the widely applicable rate cuts in family tax relief from the 2001 and 2003 bipartisan tax relief plans.  Virtually every American who pays income tax, and millions more who do not under current law, will have a higher tax bill if we do not extend the 2001 and 2003 bipartisan tax relief bills. For years I have referred to the sunset of these plans as a tax wall. Middle-income families will run right into a very firm wall of tax increases.  For a family of four with an income of $50,000, that tax wall is $2,300. For a single mom with two kids earning $30,000, that tax wall is $1,100. No bill has been marked up or passed in the House that deals with this problem.  You may hear some on the other side say: Too bad about the sunset. They argue that the bipartisan group wrote the tax relief plans with a sunset. The sunset, therefore, is the responsibility of the bipartisan authors of these plans.  If that argument is advanced by members of the current majority, keeping in mind they have had control of Congress for 3\1/2\ years, I wait for that as an opportunity to quickly respond. My response will be to provide a citation of all of the filibusters led by the Democratic leadership on Republican attempts to make all three of these areas of bipartisan tax relief permanent law.  The bill before us has very timely and important measures. In nearly all instances, the expiring tax provisions are treated the same way as they were treated under the Baucus-Grassley agreement of almost 4 months ago, going back to early February.  I thank my friend, the chairman of the committee, Senator Baucus, and the Democratic leadership for holding on to those pieces of the Baucus-Grassley agreement. Especially important is an extension of the biodiesel tax credit because we have thousands of workers--and I have seen the figure of 23,000--who have been idled throughout 44 States of the United States as they have shut down the plants.  So if you really want a jobs bill, reinstate the biodiesel tax credit and you will put thousands of workers in Iowa back to work, and about 23,000 nationally.  Likewise, Iowa companies, such as Rockwell Collins in Cedar Rapids, IA,have taken charges to earnings as the research and development credit has lapsed. Unfortunately, there are some notable deviations from the Baucus-Grassley agreement of last February. Two pieces of the Midwestern disaster relief package were dropped from the Baucus-Grassley agreement in the Senate bill. The alternative fuels credit was altered to remove coal-to-liquids and other promising cutting edge technologies.  The bill before us actually also leaves out some very important provisions of rural health care. These rural health care provisions where included in the Baucus-Grassley agreement of last February but have since been dropped by the Democratic leadership.  Here again we will have a Republican alternative that will show the way on including these important items and having them offset; in other words, they will be paid for. These important rural health care provisions would keep ambulances running in rural areas and improve Medicare payments for both urban and rural hospitals so they are able to keep their doors open.  There is also an important provision left off the bill that ensures that physicians in rural areas are paid fairly relative to urban States.  Is that such a hard thing to figure, that if you are under Medicare, a national program, you ought to be treated the same in rural areas as urban America?  The bill before us also fails to protect beneficiaries from having their physical and occupational therapy cut off. It also fails to extend the add-on payment for Medicare mental health services furnished by psychologists and mental health counselors.  This add-on has been critical in improving access to mental health care services for Medicare beneficiaries and even military personnel suffering from stress and other mental health issues. Again, the Republican alternative will afford these protections and offset the costs; in other words, it will be paid for.  The bill before us also fails to extend the Q-I program, which provides assistance to low-income beneficiaries. The Q-I program covers the Part B premium and out-of-pocket costs for seniors. Without it, many low-income seniors will be forced to decide between getting needed medical care and basic necessities such as food.  The bill before us misses the opportunity to fix the incredibly short-sighted policy in the health reform bill that created a Medicaid payment cliff for primary care providers.  Have we not learned anything from our Medicare provider payment problems? The Republican alternative converts the 2-years of additional payments to Medicare providers to a grant program to get States to increase payments to providers. The same dollars, but we do not end up having a cliff where there will have to be a lot of money made up at some future time.  On the offsets side, as I indicated above, revenue raisers that were noncontroversial were lifted, and these were, in a sense, transferred for yet more spending in that bloated health care reform bill that passed in March.  This meant the bicameral Democratic leadership had to yet scrape deeper to this offset barrel. They pulled out a House-passed change on carried interest. They raided the international tax policy area. They moved revenue-raising ideas out of that area and used them to offset proposals like yet another expansion of the Build America Bonds. That is a program I have questioned in the past.  This transaction cannot bode well for efforts to reform our outdated and uncompetitive international tax titles.  It follows the destruction of the bipartisan tax policy reform of the worldwide interest allocation rules. The losers are U.S.-based companies and their workers. The net tax cost of doing business globally will rise for American-based firms. We already have a noncompetitive corporate tax system. Why would we want to make it more uncompetitive? Why would we want to transfer more jobs overseas? This won't rise for competing firms based in other countries. So Japan, the UK, Germany--name any country--those competing firms will have a leg up because of the tax policy in this bill.  Some characterized these generic tax increases as ending a tax incentive for shipping jobs overseas. As I have indicated, the opposite will occur. The embedded higher taxes burden only U.S.-based companies. In a globally competitive environment, with much of the growth in sales overseas, the impact of those taxes will have to be absorbed here in the United States. The after-tax rate of return on those U.S.-based business activities will decline. The costs will have to be cut elsewhere to pull the rate of return back up to a competitive level because, in this global economy, we have to compete. U.S.-based labor and other expenses will, as we might not be surprised, be cut.  As with the health care bill, the American people are sending a message to those of us representing them in the Congress. The message is this: Finish these time-sensitive matters and do it in a fiscally responsible manner. Of course, that is a message that has been ignored for several months.  Now we get to these tax extenders. They have been attacked as fat-cat tax breaks one week. Then a week later the same critics have labeled them as job incentives. They have been hijacked and manipulated for partisan purposes. That is why, 4 months after scuttling a bipartisan compromise on bipartisan policy, the Senate finds itself struggling to complete this bill. It could have been done so easily in February. This is somehow routine, unfinished business the American people rightly expect us to complete.  I yield the floor.  