 They are talking about their careers. Right now our retention is as good as it has ever been. What is going to happen to our retention if all of a sudden we renege on the reenlistment bonuses that they all depend upon? They all talk to each other. About the time that stops on December 31, I have great fear over what is going to happen to our retention rate.  I talked about in the very beginning about what has happened in the military in the last 4\1/2\ years, and I read all of the statements from our commanders, from Dempsey, and actually even the Secretary of Defense, talking about what a crisis it is. They all said it is much more of a crisis if we don't pass this bill. This isn't going to help us like it should. We should be in much better shape than this even if we pass it. But we have to pass this or all those things we talked about which are going to be affecting our troops directly are going to take place.  Mr. McCAIN. I finally say to my friend, I thank him for his leadership. I thank him for his willingness to really short circuit what should have been a 2- or 3-week exercise, where every Member of the Senate would have had the opportunity to propose amendments, to debate those amendments.  My colleague just mentioned the issue of detainees which is still something that deserves great scrutiny by this body. The issue of surveillance is clearly one that needs debate and discussion on the floor of the Senate. There are so many issues that we are not discussing in the slightest because we are now entrapped by a process which doesn't allow us to pass a single amendment to this absolutely vital piece of legislation.  I thank my friend from Oklahoma for understanding that even though we are placed in this incredibly unsavory situation where we are not able, every Member of the Senate who chooses to--and as the Senator from Oklahoma knows well, when we consider the Defense authorization bill, there are literally hundreds of amendments that we consider because of the interest and the commitment that all of our colleagues have. We are not going to be able to do that this time. But it seems to me too, at least we ought to get the bill passed so we can get our Defense Department and the men and women who are serving in it in the kind of condition they deserve.  