I agree that he was a hero. I think of my own Army career and I think of his and how much greater his was. That isn't the issue.  I think both Senator Graham and Senator McCain said it very well. Yes, his character is wonderful. We love the guy. He served his country. All of those things are true. The problem is the stances he has taken regarding Israel and countries like Iran. Israel has historically been a very, very close ally of ours and, I have often said, our only true ally in the Middle East we can count on. But we need to take a close look at Senator Hagel and how he would act, judging from his past performance, as the Secretary of Defense.  The vote that is coming up at 4:15 is the vote for or against Senator Hagel. All of this talk about a procedural vote and filibustering: no. This is the vote to determine whether Chuck Hagel should be the next Secretary of Defense.  This statement about filibustering has been made over and over again. They say this the first time this has ever happened. Look, we have people nominated all the time for Cabinet positions who are subjected to a 60-vote threshold. I will describe some of them right now, starting on the Republican's side:  Kathleen Sebelius is now the Secretary of Health and Human Services. In 2009 there were a lot of people who didn't think she would be good, and so they objected to force a 60-vote threshold. That is what happened.  John Bryson was up for Secretary of Commerce. I didn't think he would make a very good Secretary of Commerce. I opposed him, and he was subjected to the 60-vote margin.  Here is the interesting thing. Today we have Barack Obama, who is a Democratic President of the United States, and then we have Harry Reid, who is the majority leader, so the Democrats are in control. During the last Bush administration, we had exactly the reverse. George Bush was President of the United States and a Republican, and the Democrats were in the minority--the same situation.  So what happened? First of all, we had John Vogel come up. It was the same thing--subjected to a 60-vote margin. We had Senator Dirk Kempthorne. There were a lot of people who did not approve of him. He was nominated by President Bush, a Republican, and the Democrats didn't like him. They subjected him to a 60-vote margin. That wasn't a filibuster then. This isn't a filibuster today.  People are trying to blame me as the bad guy who is causing a filibuster. That is not the case at all, any more than it was the case back in 2005, 2006, and other times when we had a nominee who was put forth by President Bush who was objected to by the Democrats.  When Dirk Kempthorne was nominated to be the Secretary of Interior, there was a lot of opposition to him by the Democrats. Of course they said: We have to subject him to a 60-vote threshold. The Secretary of the Interior is a Cabinet position, but they seem to be drawing a distinction, for some reason, between the Secretary of Defense and any other Cabinet positions. As Cabinet positions, they are the same. And the process of requiring a 60-vote threshold happens over and over again.  Senator Rob Portman--the same thing happened to him when he was appointed by President Bush to be the U.S. Trade Representative. The cloture motion was vitiated later on, but it was objected to first so that he would have been subjected to a 60-vote threshold.  One that is kind of interesting is Stephen Johnson. President Bush appointed him to be the EPA Administrator. Actually, he was a guy whom I thought a lot of, and he was a Democrat. So we have here President Bush, a Republican, appointing a Democrat who was objected to by the Democrats. Now we have President Obama, a Democrat, nominating a Republican who is objected to by the Republicans. It is exactly the reverse. There is no difference at all.  I am the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee. I will stand up and walk through fire to make sure every member of the committee has all their questions answered. That is what advice and consent is all about. We want to look at the individual. In the case of our committee, we want to make sure every member of the Committee has a chance to look at the process and make sure everything is out there.  This is kind of a funny thing. The distinguished junior Senator from Texas, Mr. Cruz, lost his voice. For a Senator to lose his voice--what worsecan happen than that? So he is not able to speak, but if he could, I believe he would say: It is not so much my concern, the issues that have been articulated by Senator McCain and by Senator Graham. My concern is about the process.  Madam President, I give myself 3 additional minutes.  The fact is this new member of the committee, a new Member of the Senate, knew he was entitled to have all his questions answered. He has tried now for weeks. He was stonewalled. He can't get them. So this is about the process. Senator Cruz is not making any accusations. He says: I just want the information I have asked for.  I have the utmost respect for Carl Levin. He and I, despite what the media wishes, get along great. I love the guy. We disagree now and then on policy, but I really like him.  The other day, Carl Levin said:       Every member, every member should add his or her voice to      the demand for the production of relevant documents which      Senators need to decide on confirmation or for any other      legitimate reason.  I agree wholeheartedly with that, and that is exactly what these individuals are asking for. They are asking for that information.  Senator Cruz is very articulate. I regret that he lost his voice today.  In the past, every time the minority has objected and has wanted as a matter of procedure, to have a 60-vote margin, that is what has happened. It has happened with a consent agreement. I asked for that, and I think we have that now, but we had to force it.  This is not a filibuster. It is the same thing that was required and requested by Harry Reid, back when he was the minority leader, against John Bolton, against Stephen Johnson, against Robert Portman, and against Dirk Kempthorne. This is a normal way of operating.  A lot of us still don't have the information we want, but I am willing and they are willing. I have checked with the people who have not gotten all the information they want. They said: Let's go ahead and have the vote. So, in a way, are they caving in? In fact, they are just doing all they can to be conciliatory. I think we are doing everything we can. We are not filibustering, and we don't want to string this out.  I repeat one last time that this vote is the vote on Chuck Hagel. It is not on procedure or anything else. It is a vote on Chuck Hagel.  Madam President, I retain the remainder of my time.  