President, this has been a good debate. We have repeated a lot of things that have been said before. There are just some things I think are worth repeating.  I need to say over and over again, as often as I can, that nobody is impugning the integrity of former Senator Hagel. Everyone is very complimentary of the great service he has performed in military service. That is not the issue. That has nothing to do with it.  The thing that is important is the fact that they have said continuously, over and over again, this is a filibuster. They have said this is the first time that there has been a filibuster on a Cabinet nominee. That is just not true. This happens all the time. In fact, in recent history there have been six demands for cloture on the Democratic side as opposed to only one on the Republican side. This is not a filibuster.  Rather than take my word for it, take our Vice President Joe Biden's word for it when he said this is not a filibuster. He was talking about a controversial appointee. A letter was sent by him to his colleagues arguing that opposing cloture was not a filibuster. He said: ``It is a vote to protect the Senate's constitutional power to advise and consent to nominations.''  This is worth repeating. Vice President Joe Biden said it is not a filibuster. ``It is a vote to protect the Senate's constitutional power to advise and consent to nominations.''  This expresses the frustration of our new Senator from Texas, Senator Cruz, who finally just gave up. He said: You know, I have been wanting to exercise my constitutional rights all of this time. Senator Cruz said, I have said it over and over again, and I have requested over and over again the information to which I am entitled and to which I have a constitutional right.  I am in a position to quote--I have already done it several times from this podium--our distinguished chairman, who also agrees we need to have those rights. Certainly, we have quoted Senator Kerry and others talking about the fact that requiring this information is simply something so ingrained in our system. This is not just Jim Inhofe and Alexander Hamilton talking, this is everybody throughout this country's history.  This is one of the things that people should consider: This is not a filibuster, and we have not received the information to which we are entitled. It is not just Senator Cruz, it is others too. It doesn't happen to be me because I am opposing this nominee for many of the same reasons that the previous speakers, Senator Cornyn and Senator Wicker from Mississippi, have stated.  I know we are close to running out of time. I think the senior Senator fromTexas, Mr. Cornyn, brought out and has probably talked more--and has in the last month--about the concerns he has regarding the Middle East, with the attitude of former Senator Hagel to the various Middle Eastern countries and how Hezbollah, Hamas, all of those work into it.  In the case of Iran, I am and have been concerned about the attitude of Mr. Hagel in terms of this group called Global Zero movement that wants to do away with nukes, even if it is unilateral.  This isn't the way it used to be in the old days. As I said a minute ago, I look wistfully upon those days because it is not that way anymore. Our unclassified intelligence says Iran is going to have nuclear capability and a delivery system by 2015. Why would we want to bring down our nuclear capability in an environment like that? We also know and have watched recently what North Korea has done, all of them trading with China, Syria, and these other countries. It is not like it was in the old days.  I need to mention this also because three of the previous speakers spoke about Iran, their concern about the statements that have been made in support of Iran by Mr. Hagel. If you look at some of the quotes that come from Iran, you need to remind people those guys are bad guys over there. One of their statements from their ministry was that people of the Middle East--the Muslim region and North Africa, people from these regions--hate America from the bottom of their hearts. Then they go after, of course, Israel. They said Iran's warriors are ready and willing to wipe Israel off the map. The Zionists will receive a crushing response from the Islamic Republic's armed forces, which will lead to their annihilation.  This is the Islamist Revolutionary Guard, the same group which was to be declared a terrorist group when he was then-Senator Hagel, and he was only one of four Members of the entire Senate who objected to designating the Revolutionary Guard as a terrorist group. This quote is the one that received my attention the most, and it has directly to do with Israel. Iran said:       They launched the myth of the Holocaust. They lied, they      put on a show and then they support the Jews.  This is interesting they would have that kind of a strong statement. I asked my staff this morning if they remembered a movie called ``Schindler's List.'' ``Schindler's List'' was a movie I never saw until it was on national TV 3 days ago, and I couldn't stop watching it. I couldn't turn it off. You need to look at the Holocaust from that perspective. Iran denies it even took place.  You will not find any country or any area we have dealt with in the past that is more anti-Israel than Iran. I have to say also, if anyone wants to know some of my feelings, I have made over five speeches more than 1 hour each on the floor of this Senate about Israel, and they are entitled to the land. All of these issues are very important--the mere fact Iran would say the Holocaust didn't exist.  Now, keep in mind--and I know the response to this is that we don't have any control over who supports him, but it is interesting, though--that Iran supports Chuck Hagel's nomination to be Secretary of Defense. I mean, Iran arguably could be considered to be the greatest foe that is out there for the United States, recognizing the capabilities they are going to have and the statements they have made about the United States of America. That is frightening.  So those are the reasons I was concerned initially about this nomination--and I think it has been said and said very well by the Senator from Mississippi, who went over all the details--and I think it is something that has to be looked at and looked at seriously.  The idea that this process of requiring a 60 vote margin is new at a Cabinet level--I mentioned that a very prominent leftwing television station was talking about that over and over again, that this has never happened, there has never been a Cabinet position that has been filibustered. First of all, it is not filibustering. We know that because we heard that from John Kerry, Joe Biden, and all the rest of the people who have been concerned about the fact that there is something improper about cloture when it comes to nominees. There is nothing more important than a President nominating someone for these Cabinet positions, and it is very common that they are questioned by the opposition, by an opposition party to the President in the Senate. We are the ones who have that constitutional responsibility.  I remember because I was sitting here when Kathleen Sebelius went through the same thing. She, obviously, had to finally have a 60-vote margin. John Bryson, Secretary of Commerce--I remember what he went through. Also, I recall very well Miguel Estrada. I remember being down here with Miguel Estrada, and they rejected him seven different times. They required a 60-vote margin. He always got in the fifties. The highest he got was 55. But he was rejected.  So what we are saying is that this is not anything unusual. We all know about Dirk Kempthorne and Steven Johnson. Steven Johnson happened to be an appointee of Republican President Bush, yet he was a Democrat, and he was one where finally we were able to get the 60 votes. We got 61 votes. So, again, there is nothing unusual about this.  My only plea is that we consider some of the things that are in the background of this nominee to be Secretary of Defense, as has been stated before. The fact that he is one of only two who were against sanctions in Iran, one of only four who opposed designating the Iranian Revolutionary Guard as terrorists, one of only four who refused to sign a letter of solidarity with Israel, and the fact that--and I do applaud and appreciate the chairman of the committee for allowing Senator Cruz to show the video of an interview on Al Jazeera--Senator Hagel agreed with the comment that Israel made war crimes or the statement that Israel committed sickening slaughters and that America is the world's bully. These all underscore the fact that Senator Hagel is not the kind of person we need as Secretary of Defense for the United States of America.  With that, I yield the floor.  