. today. But there is another one that will come up, amendment No. 28, and it could be coming up in a very short time this afternoon, and I was afraid I wouldn't have a chance to make a couple of comments about it.  I am cosponsoring this amendment by Senator Paul, and it withholds funding to go to Egypt until Egypt's President Morsi declares he intends to abide by the Camp David peace accords, which have kept the peace between Egypt and Israel for over 30 years.  If you talk to any of your Israeli friends, they will tell you this is significant, and I appreciate the fact he recognizes that. In fact, the bill I hadintroduced back in--well, I actually introduced it earlier, but reintroduced it on January 25 of this year--S. 207--calls for the suspension of the shipment of F-16s and other military equipment and services to Egypt until Morsi agrees to continue to uphold Egypt's commitment under the 1979 Camp David peace accords.  A lot of people don't realize they have been our friend, and if you ask any of your Israeli friends, they will tell you they are. It happens that this President is a Muslim Brotherhood president. He is not like the ones we have had in Egypt before. People who think of other countries having the same kind of system we have, they do not. Right now the military is a military we trained. There is a Major General Elkeshky, who happens to be here now and who is a friend of mine, and he was trained at Fort Sill in Oklahoma. The majority of the middle-grade officers in Egypt have been trained in the United States. They are our friends. And that is what we are getting at here.  So I made that qualification when I said we want to reduce the things we are doing, and I was talking about military equipment--the F-16s--way back in January, until they make that commitment. I think that is a very reasonable commitment.  The amendment that will be coming up, amendment No. 28, will be by Senator Paul and myself and it will talk about support for Egypt and go into other areas of support over and above military equipment, saying that until such time as they agree with what they have agreed to over the last 30 years or so--that they will continue to be our friends--then we want to withhold this. It is the only leverage we have. I said this back in January, that the only leverage we have, in order to encourage them to come with us, is to say we are going to withhold some things, and that is what we are doing.  So when that amendment comes up--of course, I still have my bill, S. 207, and it is essentially the same as the Paul-Inhofe amendment. It is not necessary to have them both in terms of a vote, but I think on one we will have to have a vote, but it should tie in to what their behavior has been in the past, what it should be in the future, so that we don't have a Muslim Brotherhood guy running a country and we don't know how our equipment is going to be used.  Our F-16s and other equipment, our tanks, have been used to participate in the defense of our friends in the Middle East, primarily Israel and of ourselves. I am hoping we will get to that when we have a chance to have a vote on it.  With that, I yield the floor.  