He always looks at you and figures out what you are going to say and then he says it better.  There are a couple of things that haven't been said during this discussion, and I want to mention them, and then I know we are going to vote. One is that our military was told--and I talked to several of the groups, the military retiring groups and others--that they would be grandfathered in. Now, I want everyone grandfathered in if we are going to do something like this. Certainly, in one installation in my State of Oklahoma, we have 13,000 civilian employees who are going to be grandfathered in, and I want them to be grandfathered in. That is the right thing to do.  People make career decisions predicated on what they are told at the time. And these military guys--and I look around the room and most of the Senators who are in here have spent a lot of time, as I have, in Afghanistan and Iraq, and we talk to these guys in the mess hall, and they talk about how they happened to get in. They make these decisions, and then we come along and take it away.  I think it has been said enough, the example of the gunnery sergeant at age 42, having been in for 20 years, and it is going to cost him some $72,000, but not much is said about the officers. For the officers, it is actually a lot more than that. An O-5 officer at that agency under the same circumstances would lose $124,000. These are not wealthy people; these are people who depend upon this for their retirement.  They were told, as I mentioned, that they also--the military people--would be grandfathered in. Now, anytime one is grandfathered in, then obviously they change the rules and the new people making a career decision will make it predicated on those circumstances of retirement that are there at that time.  I have to say this: Tomorrow we are going to be involved in the bill that was put together by the big four. It is the NDAA. It is a must-pass bill. We will pass it. I can't imagine there won't be the votes to pass it. But I can tell my colleagues this: If we had known this was going to come up, we would have addressed this in the NDAA. This is something that could have been addressed and could have been offset.  So I agree with everyone who has spoken on this issue. I think it is very difficult to understand how this could happen. We do know this: One of the differences between civilian employees and military employees is that we can't recall civilian employees.  We have a figure here. Are my colleagues aware that we actually have, since September 11, 3,456 military retirees who have been recalled to duty? Every one of them is going to be affected by this. This is a travesty we cannot allow to happen.  I applaud my friend from Alabama for bringing this up, and hopefully we will be able to correct it. We are going to have a vote right now, and I hope this is a solution to it. Then tomorrow we will have a chance to get into the details about the NDAA bill, which is a very significant bill that addresses provisions such as this.  With that, I yield the floor.  