He has been a great partner. I have given a background of what went on 5 weeks ago and our discussions with the service chiefs. I was hoping this day would not come and that we would not be faced with the continued devastation of our military, but the time is here. Tomorrow is the 1st of the month.  The Senator from Pennsylvania and I have come up with a bill that will be voted on, and it will minimize the damage and still preserve the cuts that are mandated and are out there.  One of the problems we have not talked about is the continuing resolution. When I was talking to the different service chiefs, one was General Odierno, who is in the Army. He said that just as devastating as how the CR is set up, this corrects that problem at the same time. We have something that is not going to cost any more money. Believe me, a lot of my closest friends--for instance, in the House of Representatives--think it is a good thing that we are making these mandatory cuts. They cannot argue with that, but we can at least minimize the damage in these cuts.  I will read something that shocked me when I saw the President had issued--I am not sure if it is a veto message. I am told it was a veto message.  Here we have a bill that gives him flexibility with the restrictions wetalked about. Yet he says he is now going to veto it. It is worth reading this again, and we need to make sure we get this in the Record.  This is his quote on February 19, 2013. This is the President speaking.       Now, if Congress allows this meat-cleaver approach to take      place, it will jeopardize our military readiness; it will      eviscerate job-creating investments in education and energy      and medical research. It won't consider whether we're cutting      some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a      vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It      doesn't make those distinctions.  We are now giving him a vehicle that makes those distinctions so we have that flexibility. It has the safeguards to take care of the problems that have been brought up. I think it is not a good solution, but right now it is the only solution.  With that, I yield the floor.  