I have not heard the argument before where they say you have the same government-run plan. That is not true. That is not true at all.  I have worked in the corporate world and been on the leadership part where we were making decisions and offered our employees the benefits of different companies. It could be Aetna, Blue Cross-Blue Shield or anybody else. We could make that determination as to what we wanted and then we paid for it.  I don't think that argument has ever been used, to my memory. I wasn't coming down to talk about that, but I will, since I am a cosponsor of the Cruz amendment. I think anything you are able to do to get rid of ObamaCare is in our interests.  Right now, the attorney general in the State of Oklahoma is Scott Pruitt. I spoke with him this morning. He has a lawsuit with an amended complaint challenging the implementation of ObamaCare. Scott Pruitt is arguing the IRS is attempting to redefine ObamaCare's mandate tax in order to hike taxes on Oklahoma employees. That is what is happening right now in my State of Oklahoma. I don't know how the polling goes. I would only say this: I sense an air of anxiety with a lot of these people trying to support ObamaCare right now, because people have caught on. People in the State of Oklahoma have caught on. In Oklahoma, we would have to spend an additional $400 million over the next 10 years on Medicaid in order to cover those who already qualify and will be forced into the program--this government program we are talking about--due to ObamaCare and the mandate. This money will be diverted from schools and from roads and other needs, public safety, in the State of Oklahoma. Our research shows that premiums in Oklahoma could increase anywhere from 65 to 100 percent due to the coverage mandates required by ObamaCare. It is as if we are having this debate all over again, but they are bringing up things now I have never heard of.  I want to mention one thing, and that is there is a friend of mine in Oklahoma whose name is David Green. David Green several years ago started with one store, a thing called Hobby Lobby--1 store in the State of Oklahoma--and now he has 500 stores in 41 States and he has, I don't know, I think it is over 50,000 employees. He is now facing a new type of intimidation he has never faced in his life, and it is the intimidation of saying because of David Green's religious convictions against providing his employees with abortion-inducing drugs his company now faces fines amounting to $1.3 million a day.  All those pro-abortionists out there like this. This is wonderful. But he is someone who has hired thousands of people in 41 States in this country and is now providing all these benefits for Americans, and all he is saying is his religious convictions don't allow him to participate in abortion-inducing drugs. So he is under the threat right now, if you do the math, of a $1.3-million-a-day fine. And I guess I am more sensitive to this than I should be because I have known him from the very beginning.  I want to speak briefly, because I know I have a couple of colleagues who wish to speak. Does the Senator wish to make a UC to get in line?  