President, I am very pleased that we have just confirmed Judge Bacharach. He is going to make a great Federal judge. I have just been real pleased, I have to admit; I was literally running from the airport to get here because they had plane troubles, and I saw Senator Pryor was in the same situation. So let me, first of all, thank the leadership for holding that vote open so I would not find myself in the embarrassing position of not voting to confirm my best friend from Oklahoma. So we are in that situation.  Let me just say that I am very proud of him. He actually started on the Tenth Circuit as a clerk. So he really knows this stuff. He has been there for a long time. As part of his profile, as a future goal, he intended to improve. He has actually made that statement. I believe ``always working to improve'' has been a defining characteristic of Judge Bacharach's career.  He graduated in the top 4 percent of his class in law school. He received all kinds of academic awards and maintained memberships in the highest orders of law school students. He began his legal scholarship on Law Review and has continued writing in a number of law journals.  As I said, he actually started in the Tenth Circuit working as a law clerk for the chief judge. So he knows that circuit. I do not think there is anyone out there who would know it better.  Judge Bacharach has multiple years of litigation experience working for the firm Crowe and Dunlevy in Oklahoma City and in public service as a Federal magistrate for the U.S. District Court in the Western District of Oklahoma. As evidence of his career of distinction, when Judge Bacharach was chosen to be a magistrate judge from a pool of many well-qualified candidates, the chief judge characterized the decision as ``an easy one.''  Since that time his colleagues have characterized his service as remarkable, demonstrating superb judicial temperament, and being a real asset to the Western District family and thelegal community. As with any position in the judicial branch that comes with a lifetime appointment, the Senate must deliberate carefully; and we did and gave all the thought to this nominee, as was shown, clearly demonstrated by a unanimous vote for confirmation. You do not see this very often, but you saw it with Judge Bacharach.  So I appreciate the opportunity to support him today and to have been able to call and be the first to congratulate him in this new part of his career, of which we are going to be very proud. I can assure the Presiding Officer and all the rest of us this is a guy of whom we will always be proud.  So I say congratulations to Judge Bacharach. You are going to do a great job. We will depend on that, and we will be watching to make sure that happens.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  