 First of all, it is very interesting that all of those on the other side who are supporting Senator Hagel to be the next Secretary of Defense, not one of them has said anything at all about the issues. They all talk about the things with which we agree. He was a hero; we said it. Senator McCain said it and Senator Graham said it. We all agree he was a hero in the war, and he is deserving of this type of thing.  Why is it that no one has mentioned that Senator Hagel is one of only two Senators who voted against sanctions against Iran? Why is it they don't mention that he was one of only four--in fact, all of them in the Majority signed a letter for solidarity with Israel. Senator Hagel was one of four Senators who didn't sign that letter of solidarity for Israel. The same thing with declaring the Iranian Revolutionary Guard as a terrorist group. He was one of only four Senators who did that.  I would only say this is not a filibuster. Everybody knows it is not a filibuster. I hope the media is listening: This is not a filibuster. This is the same process that was required by the Democrats in the case of John Bolton, in the case of Steve Johnson, in the case of Rob Portman, and in the case of Dirk Kempthorne. It is a prerogative of the Senate. It is not a filibuster. We merely want a 60-vote margin. We received it in all of those cases.  I commented earlier that when we had a Republican in the White House and a Democratic majority in the Senate they made that same requirement. I was here in the Senate for all four of them. I never objected to requiring a 60-vote threshold.  Then, of course, we had a 60-vote threshold for the nomination of Kathleen Sebelius, who is serving now in a Cabinet position. The same thing. This is a Cabinet position. We had the Secretary of Commerce, John Bryson. I objected to him. He passed the 60-vote margin. The only issue is the 60-vote margin, and that is what we are talking about. It is not a filibuster.  The last thing I will do is read--since our last speaker is my very good friend and chairman of the committee--what he said the other day. I wholeheartedly agreed with him when he said every Member should add his or her voice to the demand for the production of relevant documents which Senators need to decide on confirmation. I agree with that. What we object to is the process where we have Members who have made requests for information that is relevant to this appointment, and they have been unable to receive that information. So it is a process.  As the ranking minority on the Senate Armed Services Committee, I will stand up for the rights of every single minority member of that committee. Senator Levin would do the same thing and stand up for the rights of every majority member of that committee in this process.  I thank the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coons). The Senator from Michigan.  