President, first of all, let me express my appreciation for not just since this last Monday--a week ago today--when we met and put together a negotiated settlement, a negotiated bill, but all year long, in the previous year, Senator Levin has been very good to work with. We did our best to get a bill. We passed our bill out of committee months ago--months ago--and the problem has been here.  I am critical of the leadership of the Senate and a lot of the people who wanted amendments. I have to say this: On the Republican side, we agreed, finally, to cut it down to 25 amendments, which I think is very reasonable, and we were denied that. I could be critical. It does not do any good to be critical of the majority right now because we are where we are now.  The chairman has stated that looking at December we only have between now and Friday at 11 o'clock. That is it; the House is gone. They have already made that decision. They have made the announcement. It is going to happen. So mechanically, if we are all going to embrace and love each other and not disagree with anything, it still could not be done. There is no way in the world we can have a defense authorization bill this year except to do the negotiated bill we got together on.  By the way, when people say they want to wait until January, keep in mind that on December 31 the services will no longer be authorized to pay hazardous pay to the troops serving in hostile-fire areas. After December 31 the services will no longer be authorized to offer 37 specific special and incentive pays, including enlistment and reenlistment bonuses.  These people in service, those who have been in service, we know they approach them when it is getting close to the time they are going to get out. They say: These are the benefits that are going to be there if you will reenlist. It is absolutely necessary that they have that information. All of a sudden, we are pulling the rug out from under them, after they had anticipated what their reenlistment would be.  Those things stop December 31. If you say: Well, we will come back in January and do it, I can show you this calendar right here. We start on January 6, and we are going to be in the CR on January 15. There is no way they are going to pay any attention to Defense authorization during that time period. There is not the time to do it.  I will not be redundant and repeat what the chairman talked about that would not happen.  Gitmo is controversial. However, the provisions in the Fiscal Year 2013 NDAA which prohibit the transfer of Gitmo detainees to the United States have expired. The prohibitions, which are currently in effect, which prevent the transfer of detainees to the United States are provisions which were included in an Appropriations Act. That Act, which has been extended due tothe CR, is set to expire in January. Therefore, it is important to enact the FY'14 NDAA since our bill will extend these prohibitions for all of 2014. Of course, we also passed prohibitions on construction and modifying facilities in the United States. However, all of these prohibitions could come to an end if we do not have this bill.  Now, we have covered this. I appreciate the fact--and I want to repeat what the chairman said--that we actually had and cleared and considered some 87 amendments. In this bill we got 79 of the amendments; that is, Democratic and Republican amendments. So we have done this in the areas where we are supposed to be accomplishing it.  I looked at some of the things in military construction. We will have to stop work on any major projects that are currently under construction. I mean, they could be partway through a project. For example, the bill contains $136 million to continue construction for the replacement of a command center for the U.S. Strategic Command at Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska. If this amount is not authorized for appropriations, DOD will have to stop work halfway through construction, leading to a contract claim, lost time, maybe even lawsuits, but certainly extra work. I can say the same about areas in Maryland, Kentucky, Washington, Texas, and New York. If we look at the construction of aircraft carriers, without the congressional action we have in this bill to update the statutory cap on construction of the CVN-78--the USS Ford, the first aircraft carrier of the Ford class--the Navy will be forced to cease construction of the CVN-78 when it is already 75 percent complete, denying our Nation this critical asset after we have already spent $12 billion on it. We are talking about huge amounts of money. We are talk about defending the United States of America.  I hate to think we got here the way we did. We should not have had to do that. There is some blame to go around on both sides, but nonetheless we have been unable to do it the way we have done it in the past.  I will tell you something that is kind of interesting. We did a study. We found that in the last 30 years we have never gone into January before. Never. Not once.  The two times we went in were after a veto of the bill, and then after that we immediately overrode the veto and we were home free. So this has not happened before. For people to say that it has and that it is not unusual to go into January, factually that is just not true.  So we have special operations, and we have land use agreements. This is a big one that will ensure special operations forces have sufficient access to training ranges. The SEALs, the Navy SEALs--I think many of us have been to the Chocolate Mountain Aerial Gunnery Range in California, which serves an indispensable role in training the Navy SEALs for deployment. Failure to adopt the NDAA agreement we are talking about now will result in sending Navy SEALs to combat with insufficient training, undermining mission effectiveness and increasing the risk of losing lives.  So we have every reason to be concerned about this. We have only one way that we are going to be able to get a defense authorization bill. If we do not do it, this will be the first year in 52 years that we have not had one. So that is how serious this is. I do not like the way it was done, but I can like the end product.  I think the chairman mentioned the sexual assault discussion we have had. We had the Gillibrand amendment, and we had the McCaskill amendment. We did not get a chance to talk about those. But we actually have 27 specific reforms to support victims and encourage sexual assault reporting, expanding it and so forth. So we have done a lot.  I do not think anyone can argue that we would in any way be better off not having an authorization bill or just lumping it together and putting it on a clean CR. That is not any way to do business. It does not accomplish any of what I just mentioned and that the chairman mentioned as progress in this bill.  With that, I am happy to join the chairman of the committee in a bipartisan way to help try to defend America. The first thing we need to do is to pass our negotiated bill.  I yield the floor.  