President, this has been a long process and a difficult one for me to go through. Being the ranking member on the Armed Services Committee, I have had constant contact with both the Democrats and Republicans on this bill. I consider this bill to be the most important bill of the year, and I have said that several times. I have given several speeches up here in the last week. I had about decided with the last offer that was made by our side, which was to come up with 50 amendments, limit it to 50 amendments, the argument there is that would not be 50 votes. If you look at it historically--and I have the numbers going all the way back for the last 15 years--for last year, for example, we had 106 amendments, and only 34 were voice-voted and only 8 were recorded votes. So when we say 50, we are only talking about probably 20. Now, of course, the Democrats would only have 50 also.  So what I have decided I am going to do--because I have to decide what I am going to do with my vote--I am either going to vote for or against cloture on my own bill.  That would be very awkward for me to have to determine. But I have tried to get ahold of Senator Pat Toomey, who is kind of the lead person on the steering committee and the one where most of the amendments would come from, most of the objections have comefrom. I have said: If you will pare that down from 50 to 25, then I am sure it would be reasonable for the Democrats to have 25. That is a total of 50. Probably it would end up being maybe 20 recorded votes if you, our Republicans, are willing to bring that number down and say: Yes, we will go forward with this bill if we can have 25--move it down from 50 to 25. Now, if we refuse to do that, I am going to go ahead and vote to support cloture and to support our bill.  On the other hand, if Senator Toomey and the rest of the Republicans say: No, we want to have all 50--and I look at this list, and I see we have some Members who have as many as 9, and I do not think that is being totally reasonable--so if they say: No, we are not going to bring our number down to 25, then I am going to support the bill. However, if they do agree to bring it down--and I have already talked to the majority side about this--and they refuse to come down to 25, then I would join in opposing cloture on the bill when it comes up.  So I want to make sure there is no misunderstanding right now. I would like to say that I could get ahold of everyone tonight. I have tried. They said at 7:30 they are going to make a decision. It is 7:29 now, so I had to get on record. I do not have time.  I will repeat it one more time. If the Republicans refuse to bring their number down to 25, then I will go ahead and support the bill and support passage of the bill through cloture. If they do agree to do it and the Democratic side, the majority side, decides they are not going to accept the 25 offer, then I will oppose and vote against cloture on the bill.  There you have it.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  