 They also had a secret meeting that took place with alarmist Senators. That is the term used over the past 12 years of those individuals who say the world is coming to an end with global warming.  First, they changed the name from global warming because it was not acceptable. Then they tried climate change. The most recent is carbon pollution. One of these days they will find something that sells, but so far they haven't.  The first thing they don't want to talk about is cost. We have had several global warming and cap-and-trade bills over the past 12 years. When the first bills came out and the Republicans were in the majority, I was the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee and had responsibility for defeating them, and we did.  In the beginning, with the Kyoto treaty 12 years ago, and when Al Gore came back from Rio de Janeiro, a lot of people believed this was taking place. Then a group out of the Wharton School did a study and said if we regulate emissions from organizations emitting 25,000 tons or more of CO2 a year, the cost would be between $300 billion and $400 billion a year. As a conservative, I get the most recent information I can from my State of Oklahoma in terms of the number of people filing Federal tax returns and I do the math. At that time, it meant it would cost each person about $3,000 a year if we had cap-and-trade.  This kept going throughout the years. The most recent one was authored by now-Senator Markey, who up until yesterday was Congressman Markey. I have a great deal of respect for him, but he had the last cap-and-trade bill regulating those with emissions of 25,000 tons a year or more.  The cost has never been debated much, because Charles River Associates later came out and said it would be between $300 billion and $400 billion a year and MIT said about the same. So we know that cost is there.  To my knowledge, while no one has actually calculated this, keep in mind the President is trying to pass a cap-and-trade policy for Americans through regulation because he was not able to pass it through legislation. If you do it through regulation, it has to be under the Clean Air Act.  The Clean Air Act requires us to regulate any source that puts the emissions at over 250 tons. So instead of 25,000 tons being regulated, it would be 250 tons. That would mean every hospital, apartment building, school, oil and gas well, and every farm would come under this. No one knows exactly what it would cost the economy, but it would be staggering.  To pull this off, the EPA alone would have to spend $21 billion and hire an additional 23,000 bureaucrats. Those are not my figures; those are their figures. So you have to stop and think, if the cap-and-trade bills cost $400 billion regulating the emitters of 25,000 tons a year or more, imagine what it would be when you drop it down to 250 tons.  The second thing the President doesn't want to talk about is the fact that it is a unilateral effort. If you pass a regulation in the United States of America, it is going to only affect the United States of America.  I have always had a lot of respect for Lisa Jackson. Lisa Jackson was the Administrator of the EPA under the Obama administration. While she is liberal and I am conservative, she was always honest in her answers.  I asked her this question: If we pass, by either legislation or any other way, cap-and-trade in the United States, is that going to reduce worldwide CO2 emissions? Her answer was: No. Because if you do that, you are doing it just on the brightest sectors of our economy. Without China, without Mexico, without India and the rest of the world doing it, then U.S. manufacturers could have the reverse effect, because they could end up going to other countries where there are not restrictions on emissions, and so they would actually be emitting more. So there goes our jobs, overseas, seeking energy in areas where they are able to afford it.  Lisa Jackson's quote exactly: ``I believe . . . that U.S. action alone will not impact CO2 levels.''  What the President doesn't want to talk about in his lust for overregulation in this country is, one, the fact it is going to cost a lot of money and would be the largest tax increase in the history of America, without question. The second is even if you do it, it doesn't lower emissions.  A lot of people say, Why do they want to do it? And I lose a lot of people when I make this statement, but there are a lot of liberals who believe the government should control our lives more. I had this observation back when I was first elected in the House. One of the differences between liberals and conservatives is that liberals have a basic philosophy that government can run our lives better than people can.  Dr. Richard Lindzen with MIT, one of the most outstanding and recognized scientists in this country and considered to be maybe the greatest source in terms of scientific knowledge, said, ``Controlling carbon is a bureaucrat's dream. If you control carbon, you control life.''  Tomorrow the Environment and Public Works Committee is going to conduct a hearing on climate change--or whatever they call it. I think they are starting out with global warming and may call it carbon pollution. That is the new word because that is more sellable. A lot around here is done with wordsmithing. Republicans and Democrats both do it. Global warming didn't work, climate change didn't work, so now it is CO2 pollution. They are going to have a hearing, and the chairman of the committee, Barbara Boxer, is going to have people come in and talk about the world coming to an end. However, the interesting thing is that the administration is sending alarmists to talk about how bad global warming is and how we are going to die, but they are not taking the process seriously enough to send any real official. We have no government officials as witnesses. This is highly unusual. This doesn't happen very often, but that is what we are going to be having.  It is important for Members to understand that greenhouse gas regulations are not the only EPA regulations that are threatening our economy. Again, it is all the regulations by government getting involved in our lives.  If you look at this chart, these are the ones they are actually working on right now in either the Environment and Public Works Committee or the Environmental Protection Agency:  Utility MACT. MACT means maximum achievable control technology. So where is our technology right now? How much can we control? The problem we are having is they are putting the emissions requirements at a level that is below where we have technology to make it happen. So utility MACT would cost $100 billion and 1.56 million jobs. That is in the law already. There are a lot of coal plants being shut down right now.  But, you might ask, how can they do that when right now we are reliant upon coal for 50 percent of the power it takes to run this machine called America?  Boiler MACT. Again, maximum achievable control technology. Every manufacturer has a boiler, so this controls all manufacturers. That is estimated to cost $63.3 billion and 800,000 jobs.  The NAAQS legislation would put a lot of counties out of attainment. When I was the mayor of Tulsa County and we were out of attainment, we were not able to do a lot of the things in order to recruit industry. So this would put 2,800 counties out of attainment, including all 77 counties in my State of Oklahoma. That causes emissions to increase, and then the company would be required to find an offset.  We are kind of in the weeds here, but the simple outcome would be that no new businesses would be able to come to an out-of-attainment area, and existing businesses wouldn't be allowed to expand.  The President is also issuing a new tier 3 standard that applies to refineries as they manufacture gasoline. This rule would cause gasoline to rise by 9 cents a gallon.  The EPA is also working tirelessly to tie groundwater contamination to the hydraulic fracturing process so they and the Federal Government can regulate this. They have tried that in Wyoming in the Pavilion case, they tried it in Pennsylvania in the Dimock case, and in Texas they tried several times.  I know something about that, because hydraulic fracturing started in the State of Oklahoma in 1949. Since then, there have been more than 1 million applications for hydraulic fracturing. Hydraulic fracturing is a way of getting oil and gas out of tight formations. There has never been a confirmed case of groundwater contamination, but they still want to have this regulated by the Federal Government and the Department of Interior is pressing ahead with regulations which would apply to Federal lands.  President Obama has had a war on fossil fuels now for longer than he has been President of the United States. If they could stop hydraulic fracturing and regulate that at the Federal level, then they can stop this boom that is going on in the country. We have had a 40-percent increase in the last 4 years in our production of oil and gas, but that is all on private and State land. We have actually had a reduction in our production on Federal lands.  The EPA has been developing a guidance document for the waters of the United States which would impose the Clean Water Restoration Act on the country. They tried to introduce and pass it 2 years ago. Senator Feingold from Wisconsin and Congressman Oberstar were the authors. Not only was it defeated, but they were both defeated in their next election. That effort is something the President is again trying to do, which they were not able to do through regulations.  What it means is this: We have rules saying that the Federal Government is in charge of water runoff in this country only to the extent it is navigable. That is the word written into the law. If you take the ``navigable'' out, then if you have standing water after a rain, that would be regulated by the Federal Government. That is a major problem that our farmers have--not just the Oklahoma Farm Bureau but farm bureaus throughout America. The Water Restoration Act and the cap-and-trade are the two major issues they are concerned with.  A lot of what the EPA has done is done through enforcement. About a year ago, one of our staff persons discovered that a guy named Al Armendariz, who was a regional EPA administrator, talking to a bunch of people in Texas, said:       We need to ``crucify'' the oil and gas industry. Just like      when the Romans conquered the villages . . . in Turkish towns      and they'd find the first five guys they saw and crucify them      . . .  . . . just to show who was in charge.  This is a perspective not just of Armendariz but the entire EPA to the fossil fuel industry.  By the way, Armendariz is no longer there. He is with one of the environmental groups I know, and I am sure he is a lot happier there.  The EPA is also dramatically expanding the number of permits they are required to obtain under the Clean Air Act by counting multiple well sites as though they were one site, even though they may be spread out in as many as 42 square miles.  All of this is so they can regulate more of what goes on at the wells and underscores how adversarial they have been to us having the fuel we need to run this country. The EPA was eventually sued and lost the case over this issue, the issue of what they are doing right now throughout America to try to force all the multiple well sites into one site as they did. They lost in the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. But everyplace outside of the Sixth Circuit the EPA is still using their own regulation. This is one we have been talking to them about.  The EPA is also targeting the agricultural community. We talked about what their top concerns are, but in addition to that, the EPA recently released the private sensitive data of pork producers and the concentrated animal feeding operations, that is CAFOs, to environmental groups. The environmental groups hate CAFOs and the EPA knows this, so by doing this the EPA has enabled the environmental groups to target CAFOs and put them out of business.  Those are our farmers. It seems to me when people come into my office and they talk about the abuses of this overregulation, all these things, it seems the ones who keep getting hit worse and worse are the farmers. I can remember when they tried to treat propane as a hazardous waste. We had a hearing. This was some years ago. I was at that time the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee. I can remember when they said this only costs the average farmer in Oklahoma another $600 or $700 a year. We went through this thing and were able to defeat that.  Farmers have been hit hard, but they are not alone. All these regulations have been devastating to the entire economy and they are preventing us from achieving our economic recovery. The President is engaged in all-out war on fossil fuels, and he is intent on completing this until his assault on the free enterprise system is completed. The business community knows how bad the regulations are. They have been fighting them tooth and nail since the beginning of Obama's first term.  This chart shows the rules that were approved during the President's first term. This is what he did. If you look at it, take some time--these will be printed in the Record so you need to be looking them up and realizing howserious it is. The greenhouse gas, we talked about that, the EPA, on the diesel engines. All of these regulations are costing fortunes.  The second chart--those are the ones that were approved during the President's first administration. The second is more alarming because it shows several of the major rules the President began developing during his first term but delayed their finalization until after the election. They waited until after the election, knowing the American people would realize how costly this was and that could cost his campaign. He is gaming the system using his administration to advance a critical agenda but hiding the truth from the American people and he is doing it with secret talking points and doing it with the secrecy that shrouds bad rules.  These are the rules that were delayed until after the election. You can get a good idea of the cost. We take down the cost of each one. It is just an incredible amount.  The third chart is--that is what he is doing right now with no accountability to the electorate because he can do anything he wants to right now. Groups are on record opposing this. We have all these groups that are on record opposing this: U.S. Chamber of Commerce, National Association of Manufacturers, NFIB, American Railroads--all the way down through all the agricultural groups and including a lot of labor unions. Historically, the labor unions go right along with the Democrats and with the liberals, but they realize this is a jobs bill and consequently we have the United Mine Workers and others who are being affected by this and are trying to do something about overregulation. All these groups have opposed the rules being put out by the EPA.  Even the unions have opposed the rules because they kill all kinds of jobs, union and nonunion jobs alike. Cecil Roberts, the president of the United Mine Workers, said his organization supported my Congressional Review Act.  Let me explain what that was. You may have noticed in the first chart we had the first MACT bill that was passed. That would put coal out of business. What we have in this body is a rule that nobody uses very often--it has not been used very successfully--but it says if a regulator passes something that is not in the best interests of the people, if you get past the Congressional Review Act with just 30 cosponsors in the Senate, get a simple majority, you can stop that from going into effect.  I had a CRA on that Utility MACT, and Cecil Roberts, president of the United Mine Workers, said his organization supported my CRA to overturn the Utility MACT rule because the rule poses loss of jobs to United Mine Workers Association members.  We also had something recently about Jimmy Hoffa that came out.  These are jobs. These are important. The national unemployment rate is 7.6, but guess what. In Oklahoma we are at full employment. All throughout America, people used to think of the oil belt being west of the Mississippi. That is not true anymore. With the Marcellus chain going through--you have New York, Pennsylvania--in Pennsylvania I understand it is the second largest employer up there. If we were able to do throughout America what we do in Oklahoma, we would solve the problem we have right now. But the Obama rules are there and Obama wants to pursue more that are even worse.  I mention this. We are going to have a very fine lady, Gina McCarthy, who has been the Assistant Director of EPA in charge of air regulations for about 4 years. While we get along very well, she is the one who promotes these regulations. I will not be able to support her nomination. I understand the votes are all there, and we will be having a good working relationship.  But I think it is a wake-up call to the American people. They are going to have to realize the cost. The total cost of these regulations is well over $600 billion annually, which will cost us as many as 9 million jobs. The EPA is the reason our Nation has not returned to full employment. All of this is done intentionally by the Obama administration to cater to their extreme base--right now moveon.org, George Soros, Michael Moore, and that crowd from the far left environmentalists, Hollywood and their friends.  This is going to have to change through a major education endeavor. We have a country to save.  I know there is a lot of partisan politics going on. In this case, the least known destructive force in our country now is overregulation and all of these organizations that are going to pose it are going to have to pay for it. It is going to be paid for in American dollars and American jobs.  I see my colleague from Iowa is on the floor.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Heinrich). The Senator from Iowa.  