I wish to note that the average time it takes to debate on the floor and to pass the NDAA is 9 days. That is the average over the last 10 years.  As I look at the calendar for January, we return on January 6 and we have the CR on January 15. We are going to be spending that time on the CR. Then, of course, we will be faced with the debt ceiling. I don't see that is going to happen. I think it is going to happen in some other way, but it is not going to happen in these reforms.  I very much appreciate the Senator from Arizona calling this to attention, that we can't wait until January. It is not going to work. We know it is going to expire December 31. We also know it can't happen in January because there flat isn't time.  Mr. McCAIN. I don't know if my colleagues wish to respond, but I wish to make two comments: One is that I am deeply disappointed--deeply, deeply disappointed--in the majority leader for not taking up this legislation much earlier. The majority controls the calendar. That is one of the key elements of the majority winning elections and majority in the Senate.  For us to wait since June, when we passed the bill out of the Armed Services Committee, until only a short time ago and then only allowing a few days is a grave disservice--not so much to the Members of the Senate--and a lack of prioritization of the importance of this legislation.  I am deeply disappointed the majority leader of the Senate, because of his manipulation of the calendar, has put us in this position.  Having said that, I spent time--as I know the Senator from Oklahoma and the Senator from Michigan, our distinguished chairman--in the company of the men and women who serve. One of our obligations, as members of the Armed Services Committee, is to spend time with the military. I know the Senator from Oklahoma and the chairman do as well.  Their morale isn't good. They have seen sequestration take place, across-the-board cuts that have been done with a meat ax and not a scalpel.  All three of us would agree there are enormous savings that could be enacted in our Nation's Defense Department. We haven't even received an audit of the Defense Department. Year after year we demand that an audit be conducted by the Department of Defense by a certain year, and it has never happened.  We are not apologists. In fact, I believe the chairman and the ranking member have been zealous in their efforts to reduce waste, mismanagement, and duplication in the Armed Services and the Defense Department through their work on the Armed Services Committee.  The morale of our men and women who are serving is being harmed. It is not something that shows up in dollars and cents, but it does show up over time.  I say to the Senator from Michigan it does show up over time in their willingness to remain in the military. I was recently in Fort Campbell, KY, with the Senator from Tennessee, Mr. Alexander. We had an excellent briefing from the colonels, the generals, and the chief master sergeants of the U.S. Army.  Their unanimous view was that they believe we in the Congress of the United States are not taking care of them. They have always looked to us to provide them with the pay, the benefits, the housing, the equipment, and the training that is necessary to do their job.  They don't believe we are doing that anymore. They believe, when we enact sequestration with a meat-ax cut across the board--don't ask me about it. Ask General Odierno and the Chiefs who testified before the Armed Services Committee about the devastating effect of cuts to readiness, training, acquisition and, most of all, on the morale of the men and women who are serving. They literally don't know, some of them, what they are going to be doing the next day. The next day they don't know if they will be able to fly their airplanes, run their tanks or have the exercises that have been planned for months and even years. They don't know because we are almost day-to-day trying to apportion funds that are remaining in the most efficient and beneficial way.  I stand before my colleagues in the Senate and the two leaders in the authorization committee, and I am embarrassed--embarrassed--and a bit ashamed that we have done this to these good men and women who are willing to put their lives in harm's way to defend us. We can't even pass a bill that authorizes what they need to defend this Nation. It is shameful.  I wish to thank the chairman and ranking member for the hard work they have done on this legislation and the thousands of hours they have spenton behalf of defending this Nation and the men and women who serve it.  I yield the floor.  