They passed it out of committee, they got it to the floor and passed it. Ours was passed by a huge bipartisan margin. We only had three or four vote against it, and that was way back in--I think it was the last of May or 1st of June. It should have been done back then instead of waiting until 1 week before we are out of here.  Mr. McCAIN. With all due respect, one has to wonder about the priorities of the group and the leader who sets the agenda for the Senate. One of the real advantages of being in the majority is you set the agenda. So rather than take the bill to the floor, as we have for 51 years--for 51 years the Congress of the United States has taken up and passed a Defense authorization bill--we are now here in December, with the House of Representatives going out of session tomorrow, and we are faced with an unsavory parliamentary situation where we are having to maneuver in a way that a ``message''--and my friend from Oklahoma can correct me if I am wrong--a message that cannot be amended, otherwise it would have to go back to the other body, which is going out of session, which would then take us into January.  I ask my friend from Oklahoma: Isn't that where we are, and isn't that a commentary on the concern my friends on the other side of the aisle, the majority leader, has about the men and women who are serving in the military?  We will talk a little about what a failure to pass a Defense authorization bill is. But we are now in a situation which is a disservice not only to the men and women who are serving but to all of us--to every one of the 100 Senators--because every one of these Senators would want to have an amendment to make this bill better and that will impart to the rest of the body their knowledge, their expertise, and their priorities. So what are we doing? We are asking Members on this side of the aisle and the other side of the aisle to accept a piece of legislation without a single amendment to it. That, my friends, when we are talking about the defense of this Nation, is absolutely outrageous.  Would my friend from Oklahoma agree?  