President, we have a unanimous consent request. Senator Grassley was going to be next, and I will go ahead and take his time.  The unanimous consent request was that I be recognized as in morning business for such time as I shall consume.  Let me share a couple of things. First of all, I am looking forward to serving with the Senator who was elected yesterday. I think he will find out something that I found out when I was first elected to the Senate after serving for several years in the House of Representatives: It is a more civil place. It is a place where we can have differences of opinion, where we disagree with each other, but we do so in a very friendly way.  I am actually looking forward to that because there have been times when our discourse, our discussions with each other were not friendly, but I think it will turn out to be a total change. I wish to get on record to say that I am looking forward to serving with our newly elected Senator from Massachusetts.  I look forward to being with him, although I think he has every reason and opportunity to change his mind on some of the positions he has taken in the past.  Let me share something I didn't say when I had the floor yesterday and was talking a little bit about President Obama's talk. There were four things that I didn't hear, and I am going to repeat them. They are statements that were made by President Obama talking before an audience.  I have to say I truly believe I know the reason for this long talk that he gave yesterday, because he had served for 4 years. He knew his far-left base was demanding some type of cap and trade. He knew he didn't have the votes to pass it. So he was not able to push that, knowing before the election, if this came out, what kind of a tax increase this would be on the American people. So he waited until after the election, and that is what we heard yesterday.  Some of the things he said were a little bit insulting, but I can handle that. He said he lacks ``patience for anyone who denies that this problem is real.'' He is talking about global warming. He is trying to revive global warming.  I say revive because it is interesting that when it started out 12 years ago it was global warming. Remember Kyoto? That is what it was all about, the Kyoto treaty. In fact, they came back from Rio de Janeiro and the treaty was never submitted by President Bill Clinton to the Senate for ratification. The reason was the votes weren't there. So time went by and they decided, since it is not warming and we want to keep this thing alive and we want to do all we can to destroy CO2 in our society, let's call it something else. So they called it climate change. A few other titles came along in the meantime. For the first time it has now reverted back, after several years, to global warming.  Some of the statements he made were: ``We don't have time for a meeting of the Flat Earth Society,'' and ``sticking your head in the sand might make you feel safer, but it's not going to protect you from the coming storm.'' Listen to this:       The 12 warmest years in recorded history have all come in      the last 15 years. Last year, temperatures in some areas of      the ocean reached record highs, and ice in the Arctic sank to      its smallest size on record--faster than most models had      predicted it would. These are the facts.  Those aren't the facts. That is not even true, but it is interesting we would be trying to revive this. I know there are a lot of people all excited out there who have said: Oh, for the last 4years we haven't said anything about global warming. Now we are talking about it and now something is going to be done. I would like to quote this from the Economist:       Over the past 15 years air temperatures at the Earth's      surface have been flat while greenhouse-gas emissions have      continued to soar. The world added roughly 100 billion tonnes      of carbon to the atmosphere between 2000 and 2010. That is      about a quarter of all the CO2 put there by      humanity since 1750.  Of course, we know that is true because we know the major surge came in the 1940s following World War II.  Continuing to quote the article, which quotes James Hansen, who is one of the major movers behind this whole thing--the global warming movement:       And yet, as James Hansen, the head of NASA'S Goddard      Institute for Space Studies, observes, ``the five-year mean      global temperature has been flat for a decade.''  This is a guy on the other side who has always been held up to be the authentic knowledgeable person.  Here is a quote from the NASA Goddard Paper from January of this year:       The five-year mean global temperature has been flat for a      decade, which we interpret as a combination of natural      variability and a slowdown in the growth rate of the net      climate forcing.  A quote from Reuters in April, 2013:       Scientists are struggling to explain a slowdown in climate      change that has exposed gaps in their understanding and      defies a rise in global greenhouse gas emissions. . . . Some      experts say their trust in climate science has declined      because of the many uncertainties. The UN's Intergovernmental      Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) had to correct a 2007 report      that exaggerated the pace of melt of the Himalayan glaciers      and wrongly said they could all vanish by 2035.  All that sounded good at the time, but it was a lie. Still quoting from the article:       ``My own confidence in the data has gone down in the past      five years,'' said Richard Tol, an expert in climate change      and professor of economics at the University of Sussex in      England.  I could go on and on. Yesterday on the floor I talked about Richard Lindzen with MIT, considered by many people to be the foremost authority on climate anywhere in the country, and he is talking about what the motive is behind people to promote this thing. He said controlling CO2--and I am quoting from memory now--is a bureaucrat's dream. If you control climate, you control life. That is exactly what we were talking about at that time, and it was true.  We have covered all these things, and I have said for several years now that people understand the science isn't there. I can remember some of my Republican friends got upset with me because I often said good things about Lisa Jackson. Lisa Jackson was the first Administrator of the EPA under President Obama, and she is, of course, a liberal and all of that. But she has a propensity for telling the truth, and that is all I ask for in people who are serving in public office. In fact, she has done that, and I wish to share one thing with my colleagues.  When they are unable to pass any kind of cap-and-trade bill--and keep in mind the last time they tried to do it was the bill that was introduced by two House Members, one of whom was elected to the Senate yesterday. In that cap-and-trade bill, people realized what the size of the tax increase would be and it went down in flames. So when the big U.N. party--by the way, when I talk about the U.N.'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change--the IPCC--that is something a lot of people don't know about. That is the United Nations. They are the ones that put that together to fortify their position that we need to do something to equalize the wealth of nations worldwide.  In fact, I wrote a book about that. I would not ask anyone to buy it because that would be inappropriate, but I will loan it to you, if you want to read it, and I cover that in a lot of detail. But on this subject, I asked Lisa Jackson the question, right before going to Copenhagen--and Copenhagen is the biggest party of the year.  I am going to wind this up, and I will continue this later, but I would only say the science is not there, with what they were talking about yesterday. I think I pretty much made the point I came to make.  But returning to Lisa Jackson, right before everyone was going to Copenhagen--and remember, IPCC is part of the United Nations and once a year they throw a big party. Friends of mine, I can remember one from Africa showing up at one of these parties and I said: You don't believe all this global warming stuff, do you? He said: No, but this is the biggest party of the year. So they all show up.  At that time--I am not sure where it was, but the time I am talking about, 2 years ago, it was in Copenhagen. So I said, right before I left for Copenhagen to be a one-man truth squad there, I said to Lisa Jackson, the Administrator of the EPA serving at the time, in a hearing we had: I have a feeling once I leave town, since you can't pass any kind of cap and trade, you are going to try to do it through regulation and you are going to have to have an endangerment finding, and when you have an endangerment finding, it has to be based on some type of science. What science are you going to use? She said: The IPCC, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change--the United Nations.  As luck would have it--it wasn't months after it or weeks after that--hours after that Climategate came in and they were exposed for lying about the science for all those years. So the timing could not have been better.  I would only say I am glad this issue has opened up again because I had a dusty old file on climate change I haven't used for 5 years and I have gotten it out and we are ready to use it again. I just hope the American people will look at the beautiful political speech made by the President yesterday for actually what it is.  Let's keep in mind the cost of this anytime we want to go into the extreme position of saying that CO2 is the cause of climate change or of global warming. We are talking about a tax increase to the American people. One of the Senators stood after I said this yesterday and said there is no evidence of that yet. That was the Wharton School of Economics and MIT that came out with those figures.  The last thing I will say, God is still up there and climate is going to change and it has. I can remember studying this--and going from memory now, not reading anything--and reading about the first time they came out with this fact that we are all going to die because the world is going to freeze over. That was in 1895. In 1895, they talked about this disaster that was coming upon us--the coming ice age, they said. Then, in 1918, all of a sudden the climate started getting warmer. It was going through these cycles. It has been happening since the beginning of time. It got warmer. That is when global warming first came up, in 1918.  Then, in 1984, the next cycle came in, and that was a cold cycle. But listen to this, because what is interesting about this is in 1944, after the Second World War, we had the largest surge in CO2 in our country's history. It precipitated not a warming period but another cooling period, which lasted until 1975. Then, of course, another warming period came in, which I disagree with all the statements that were made--certainly by the President yesterday and by many of the Members of this body--now we are precipitating going into a leveling off and perhaps a warming period.  So it is going to be changing, and it is a little arrogant for us in this country to look at these God cycles up there and say we can do something to change that because we can't. It is a beautiful world we are in, and we are going to try to make it better, but we don't need the largest tax increase in America's history to make it better.  With that, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brown). The senior Senator from Iowa.  