He has studied this issue and looked at all angles. He has one great advantage over me. He is an attorney who understands the ramifications. Let me just mention two things about the bill which concern me. One is that I have been privileged, maybe as much as any other Member of this Senate, to speak at naturalization ceremonies. If my colleagues have never done it before, I say to my fellow Senators, do it. One has a totally different perspective on this whole issue we are talking about; that is, getting to know people who go through the legal channels. You look up and see that these are people who learned the language, who have studied the history and, I daresay, would know as much about the history of the United States of America as we know in this Chamber.  Anything that is going to fast-track a citizenship is something that is of concern to me.  This is not why I am here. I decided to come down knowing that the President of the United States was going to make a talk, and in this talk I wish to make sure people understand what he is advocating is the largest tax increase in the history of this country. It is something we know he has been trying to do, in terms of his global warming activities, actually a long time before he was first elected 4\1/2\ years ago. His speech on global warming indicates he has started delivering on all the promises he gave the environmentalists during his campaign. When I talk about the environmentalists, I am talking about all the groups--good, well-meaning, some are not, some are extremists.  Leading up to his reelection campaign, the President had been given a pass by all these organizations because they knew if the American people thought he was going to do what we now know he is going to do, what he announced today, he would not be reelected because of the cost of it.  So he had been given a pass by the environmentalist groups, such as the Sierra Club, the Natural Resources Defense Fund, the Environmental Defense Fund, moveon.org, George Soros, Michael Moore--you know the crowd. They said: Fine, but as soon as you are reelected, since you can't be reelected again, we want to get all these things done. So all these groups want the President to use his regulatory power to make traditional forms of energy so expensive there is no option but to use their preferred alternatives.  They understood if the President wanted to get reelected he would needto delay many of these regulations until after his reelection, and that is exactly what happened. They were willing to do this because they believed it was that important to reelect Barack Obama for a second term as President, as opposed to Mitt Romney or any of the others who were running. So they gave him a pass, and they didn't talk about this. As a result, he delayed many of the most significant regulations the EPA worked on during his first term until after the election.  One of those regulations was Boiler MACT. Let me explain MACT. MACT stands for maximum achievable control technology. It means what is the maximum in terms of something, such as emissions, that can take place where you have the technology to support it.  This rule sets limits--this is on Boiler MACT--on emissions of industrial and commercial boilers that are actually impossible to meet because the technology required by this rule isn't even available yet. It would cost the economy--and the analysis that was done, by the way, no one has disagreed with--$63.3 billion and would result in about 800,000 jobs being lost. It is called Boiler MACT. Every manufacturer has a boiler, and these are the standards that would be required--an emissions standard--where there is no technology to reach that at this time.  So the President waited to finalize the rule until the day after the election. He didn't want the rule to go out before then because he didn't want people to realize what it would cost until after election day.  Another rule is the Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards. It is called the NAAQ Standards, but it affects everyone in America. The President tried to redo President Bush's 2008 update of this standard during his first term. But as the election neared, and the cost of the regulation became clear, he completely punted the effort. Now, however, we know he is actually considering an update of this regulation that could lower the standard from 35 parts per billion to 60 parts per billion. This is on emissions, and this would put as many as 2,800 counties out of attainment.  Let me tell you what that means--and, by the way, we have 77 counties in my State of Oklahoma, and all 77 would be out of attainment. It means you can't go out and recruit industry or keep the jobs you have because you are out of attainment. That is an official standing. This would mean 2,800 counties would be out of attainment in the United States, including all in my State of Oklahoma.  One thing the environmentalists want that the President has not been able to deliver--and it is even worse than all the rest of this stuff--is to deliver on the CO2 regulations, which is the crown jewel of environmental regulations. In fact, there is an MIT professor named Richard Lindzen, who is supposed to be one of the outstanding and perhaps the premier climate scientist in America today, who said the regulations on carbon dioxide are a ``bureaucrat's dream. If you control carbon, you control life.''  That is a pretty strong statement. This is because everything--every manufacturing process, every refinery, every hospital diagnostics machine, every home, every school, every church--would have to be regulated. If you can control carbon, you can control every decision anyone ever makes. This is what the liberals want. They want government to control everything, and their crown jewel is CO2. That is where the whole thing started.  Remember, a lot of people are saying now: We never did say it was global warming, now it is climate change. They have changed it around quite a bit, as people realized some of these things aren't true. I can remember when people were talking about global warming--now we know we are actually in part of this cycle that is going down. But that is not important. What is important is they want to regulate carbon dioxide. That is their goal.  So the President first tried to push greenhouse gas emissions on the Nation in 2010 when the Democrats had supermajorities in both the House and the Senate. The last bill they had was called the Waxman-Markey bill--two House Members. It was a cap-and-trade bill. We all know what cap and trade is. We have been talking about it now for 12 years. That is where they cap emissions and then they can trade those around. They can buy and sell them and it results in a huge tax increase. It would have regulated any source of emissions that emitted 25,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions or more.  That is very important because what the President announced today is far greater than that. In other words, those bills were only going to regulate the emissions of industries that emitted 25,000 tons of greenhouse gases each year. That came to a total cost of about $400 billion a year.  Again, I am using these without documentation now because I have been using them, and we have been documenting them for 12 years with no one arguing the fact that if we pass cap and trade at 25,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions a year, it will cost about $400 billion. So that is a huge amount.  While that may not be the largest tax increase in history, what the President proposed today would be. Congress squarely rejected that, and while the bill passed the House, it failed miserably in the Senate. That is because it would have lowered the standards of living for the American people across the country, forced businesses to shut down, and it would equate to the biggest tax increase in American history.  And I think people understood that. That was what happened in the past. What the President wants to do is what they could not get passed in terms of legislation, so they are going to now do it by regulation. The American people knew what was going on, knew the impact this legislation would have, and they told their Representatives to vote against it, and they did. Many of those who voted for it are no longer in this Chamber. They were defeated in 2010.  With the President's reelection squarely secured, the environmentalists have been crying for the President to act aggressively on global warming. It is payback time. We understand, Mr. President, you couldn't push this thing by regulation before the election because you wouldn't have been reelected. But now you are reelected, and we have a law that says you can't be reelected again, so it is payback time. So he is doing this unilaterally, bypassing Congress, and using the authority he is claiming under the Clean Air Act.  In the words of a very prominent Democratic Congressman, John Dingell, this would be a ``glorious mess'' because instead of regulating only the biggest pollutants--such as in the Waxman-Markey bill, and those who wanted to regulate only industry that emitted over 25,000 tons a year--the Clean Air Act regulation would regulate any facility emitting over 250 tons. So it is not 25,000 tons that would be regulated, it is anything over 250 tons. You can't even calculate how much that would cost in terms of a tax increase.  As the President announced today, he will begin this process with the regulation of greenhouse gases from new and existing powerplants. The President may have said today he will work with the State utilities to make sure they get a policy they like, but that is just window dressing. It is putting lipstick on the pig. Legally, the President cannot get around the requirements of the Clean Air Act.  The Clean Air Act was passed a long time ago. In fact, I supported it. We had the Clean Air Act regulations back when I was serving in the House. They were good and they worked, but they do call for regulation of any facility emitting 250 tons of greenhouse gases a year. It wasn't meant for greenhouse gases that make those kinds of emissions. And while he might not be talking about it, the law he is using to justify greenhouse regulations would not let him stop with regulating just powerplants or allowing him to craft a policy that states that. He doesn't have a choice. The law requires him to eventually impose regulations on every single industry in the country--every single industry--one at a time, with unelected bureaucrats doing the heavy lifting along the way.  This means every school, every hospital, every apartment will eventually be regulated by the President's EPA, and at a much greater cost than the $400 billion a year that was expected under Waxman-Markey. Keep in mind, the Waxman-Markey bill was the last cap-and-trade bill they tried to pass through, and it was soundly defeated. In fact, it is so hard, no one has ever calculated what the cost will be to the American people if they had to regulate down to 250 tons.  Let me give an example. For my State of Oklahoma I always calculate at the first of each year how many Federal taxpayers we have in the State. Then I do the math every time something comes along. Well, in terms of regulating under those industries over 25,000 tons of emissions a year, that amounts to $400 billion, which is about $3,000 a year for each taxpayer in Oklahoma. That is what you have to stop and realize. The cost of this thing is not little, it is huge.  Today's announcement doesn't come as a surprise. We have known they have been working on these regulations since the President was first elected, scheming to give his environmental base exactly what they want.  Roger Martella, former general counsel of the EPA, recently said, ``Two years is about the minimal time it would take to go from soup to nuts on a rule like this,'' and ``these rules don't come out of the clear blue sky and involve lengthy internal deliberations before the public even gets the first peak at them.''  So we know what is going on right now has been happening for a long period of time. Further, the Congressional Research Service recently put out a report saying President Obama has spent $68.4 billion on climate change activities since he has been elected. This doesn't require a vote. This was all done by the President. So that has been taking place, and the CBO substantiated this by saying the annual spending on climate change has reached an annual level of $7.5 billion, with an additional $35 billion being provided in the President's $825 billion stimulus plan.  The President has been intent on giving his environmental base this victory for a long time, and he is willing to bypass Congress to make it happen. And the reason is because it would not pass Congress. We have had his bills here and they have been defeated every time.  I would look at the majority leader right now and say: I bet you couldn't come up with 35 votes to pass cap and trade in the Senate. But on regulations, he can do it without having to go out and get the votes.  The impact is clear: It is the crushing of our economy. As I spoke on the floor last night, developments in horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing have resulted in a boom in energy production. Oil production in America is up 40 percent in the last 4 years. It is not because President Obama is President; it is in spite of his policies because all these things have happened in hydraulic fracturing.  By the way, I know a little about that because the first hydraulic fracturing was done in my State of Oklahoma, and that was in 1949. There has never been a case of groundwater contamination in the years since then, in over 1 million applications.  Now, the 40 percent increase in production in this country in 4 years all came from the private and State lands. None of it came from the Federal Government because this administration would not let us drill and produce in that area. In fact, the report I just quoted said that on Federal lands it has been reduced by 7 percent.  So while overall oil production nationwide is up 40 percent, on the Federal lands it is down by 7 percent.  The President is setting us on a course of unilateral disarming of our economy the same as he is doing to the military. He wants to impose costly regulations to our energy and manufacturing sectors that no other nation on Earth has. China, India, Southeast Asia, Mexico, all these nations know you need cheap reliable energy. They have to have it in their countries. They are never going to pursue these regulations, and they are waiting for the day America does it unilaterally.  Why would that be? Because if we do it, they know our jobs are going to have to find energy someplace, and they will be after those jobs. Any unilateral greenhouse regulations we have in the United States will only shut down our domestic production.  In fact, when Lisa Jackson was the Director of the Environmental Protection Agency, I asked this question, and on live TV she gave me a very honest answer: If we were to pass any of these cap-and-trade bills--such as the ones I have been talking about--would this lower overall emissions of CO2? And she said, No. Because the problem is not here; it is in China and India and Mexico, and other countries where they don't have regulations.  You could carry that argument out and say if you pass these things and we do it unilaterally in the United States, as the President suggested today, it is going to have the effect of increasing CO2, because people will seek those countries where they can actually do this, where they don't have any restrictions at all. So there is no need for the President to take us down this path.  He is beholden to his environmental base which claims global warming is the biggest threat facing humanity. Many have said, even in recent months, that all the major weather events of the last decade have been the result of global warming. Some have even claimed Oklahoma's recent tornadoes are the result of global warming. This isn't true. Oklahoma University's weather center says this year has not been any different than years past. We have plotted our tornadoes since 1950.  The majority leader doesn't have tornadoes in the State of Nevada as we do in the State of Oklahoma. But we have been tracking them since the 1950s and the trend is about the same. It is not any higher this year, last year, and the year before than it has been in the past. It is because we have been having these events since the dawn of time that many environmentalists now refuse to refer to global warming as global warming, so they call it climate change or anything else the public will buy.  We will most likely not be hearing many of these environmentalists talk about the fact that during the last 15 years there has not been any increase in temperature, as reported in The Economist. But even if they did acknowledge this, with the term climate change, they have an alibi, because climate change by its name doesn't necessarily mean warming. It can mean anything. The President's announcement today of his new plan to regulate greenhouse gases to combat global warming does not come as a surprise. He has been working on it for years.  I would conclude and say, let's remember what it was that Richard Lindzen--the foremost authority in America on this subject--stated when he said regulating CO2 is a bureaucrat's dream: If you control carbon, you control life.  And remember the other thing, and that is all the expense, all the trouble we are talking about going through, and all that the President announced today is not going to reduce CO2--not according to a Republican, but to the Democratic former Director of the EPA.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  