President, first of all, I agree with the comments of the Senator from Nebraska.  I have to say I was a little disturbed because I have heard a couple of reports--one was in a news conference on November 6 and one on November 19--yesterday, I guess--that Senator Gillibrand was saying that I was objecting to her amendment. Yes, I oppose her amendment but not to the extent that I would hold back the bill. My gosh, there is no one on the floor of this Senate who has been working harder to get this bill through--no two people more than the chairman and me. So I want to make sure people understand that.  In terms of the alternative, I have been watching it very closely, and my strongest possible support is for that amendment, No. 2170, offered by Senators Ayotte and McCaskill, which provides additional enhancements to the historic enhancements for sexual assault prevention and response activities in our military. I commend my two colleagues on the Armed Services Committee for their tireless efforts and their leadership, and I urge all Senators to join me in supporting this amendment.  It doesn't mean that if someone is opposed to the Gillibrand amendment, that someone is not wanting change. Yes, we do. This is major change.  It adds the senior trial counsel to the officers who make recommendations on whether to proceed to trial and, if the convening authority decides not to proceed, results in the case being referred to the service Secretary.  It adds duties for the special victims' counsel to inform victims of options for military and civilian prosecution of sexual offenses. It gives them a voice. They can express a preference. It requires commanders to give weight to that preference and to notify the victims if the civilians decline prosecution.  These are changes. These are changes in the current system that are coming with the amendment offered by Senators Ayotte and McCaskill, amendment No. 2170.  It requires including written performance appraisals of every member of the Armed Forces--officers and enlisted people--an assessment of that member's support for sexual assault prevention and response programs.  It requires every commander to be evaluated in their performance appraisals on whether they have or have not established a command climate where allegations of sexual assault are properly managed and fairly evaluated and ensures that a victim can report sexual assaults without fear of retaliation, ostracism, or any kind of group pressure from members of the command.  It also requires command climate assessments to be performed after a sexual assault incident, with copies of that assessment to be provided to superiors in the chain of command and the military criminal investigation organization.  It creates, finally, a process through the boards for correction of military records for confidential review of discharges of individuals who were victims of sexual offenses, to require consideration of psychological and physical aspects of the victim's experience that may have had a bearing on the separation.  So this is a major change. It is one I strongly support. I give the Senator from New York the benefit of the doubt that she did not mean what some people would interpret it to mean--that I would hold up a bill in opposing her amendment. I certainly would not do that. I am for reform, and we have an opportunity to do that which is bipartisan and accomplishes the very thing we should have accomplished many years ago.  I thought there were others waiting here, but let me make one comment. I agree with my colleague, the junior Senator from Oklahoma. I know he has worked tirelessly in trying to do something to stop waste in the Pentagon, and, quite frankly, I think there is some there.  This chart shows the devastation of sequestration. What it shows is the bottom line--these are deficiencies. This is what he is talking about. I want my colleagues to see this because this goes from fiscal year 2014 all the way to 2023. If we take the sequestration as it is right now, without any adjustments--now, Senator Sessions, Senator McCain, and I have tried to make adjustments so that there are greater cutbacks here and not so many in the first 2 years.  The orange--and that is where almost everything comes out--represents readiness. That is readiness. Readiness is what we need to support our fighters in the field to save lives.  The green is modernization. That is not affected by these inefficiencies we are talking about.  The force structure is a major cost item, and it is demonstrated by the yellow on the chart.  So what I am saying is I know there is room for improvement, and I want Senator Coburn and others to work on areas within the Pentagon where money can be saved. But if that happens, it is still going to all be found down here--everything. TRICARE and all of it is down in this blue line. So we can see that the devastation that comes from sequestration to our military is still going to take place.  I think if we look at the level there of the sequestration cuts that take place, it is almost entirely in the readiness. ``Readiness'' is a term we have used for a long time. That is our ability to save lives. That is our ability to train and equip our men and women in harm's way.  We have testimony right now that I wish to share with my good friend and the Chair, who was there and heard it, from all four services talking about how much more risk is involved if we have to go through sequestration. Risk equals lives. I agree with those who want to do all they can through efficiencies. I am for them. I will do all I can to help them. That doesn't solve the problem. The problem is immediate. It is today. I still believe there should be something we can do to stop draconian cuts in our readiness and our force structure accounts that would come with sequestration.  It wouldn't do me any good to read all of the quotes we have from various individuals, but I can assure my colleagues that the Chair and anyone who sat through the Armed Services Committee hearings has heard all four of the chiefs talk about how devastating this will be if we are not able to correct this.  With that, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  