I have often said the most important bill we pass every year--and we have passed every year for the last 52 years--is the National Defense Authorization Act.  I would like to say this about the process we have gone through. I do not recall ever having worked with a chairman when I have been in the minority who has been so easy to work with as Chairman Levin has been on this Defense bill. It is one we all understand we have to do. It has to be a reality. A lot of what we do around here we can wait a month and do it. But on this we cannot, because right now we have men and women in the field. We have their paychecks. We have things that have to happen to keep this going as it has in the last few years.  Maintenance and modernization are right now. If we were not able to pass this now, our research and development would no longer be able to be there in time to take care of the immediate needs we have.  I am very upset about what has happened to our defense system. Under this administration, we have lost $487 billion in Defense--coming out of the hide of Defense. In addition, we are now looking at the sequester. I will only say this, perhaps for the last time: Why should our defense system, which is only accountable for 18 percent of the budget, be responsible for 50 percent of the cuts? It is because this administration is determined that is what is going to happen to the military.  So now we have people such as General Odierno, Commanding General of the U.S. Army, who said:       . . . lowest readiness levels I have seen within our Army      since I have been serving for the last 37 years. Only two      brigades are ready for combat.  Admiral Greenert, the CNO of the Navy:       . . . because of the fiscal limitations and the situation      we are in, we do not have another strike group trained and      ready to respond on short notice in case of contingency. We      are tapped out.  Admiral Winnefeld is the No. 2 guy in the military system. He is the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He said:       There could be, for the first time in my career, instances      where we may be asked to respond to a crisis and we have to      say we cannot.  I have given a lot of talks on the floor about how serious things are right now.  Put the readiness chart up there.  I would only comment to this. A lot of people think there is an easier answer for this, and that we can, through efficiencies in the Pentagon, take care of these problems. A lot of work needs to be done. My junior Senator certainly is going to be concentrating on that, on the efficiencies. However, if allof the efficiencies were granted, that is only the blue line on this chart. This chart talks about sequestration, if nothing changes, what is going to happen to our military. We have that.  The next one up there, the next larger, is force structure. We are talking about how many brigades, how many boots on the ground, how many ships, what it is going to look like.  The next one up there is modernization. Modernization is a very small line. Here is the big one over here. That is our ability to fight a war. That is our readiness.  If you look down here at the bottom at fiscal years 2014 and 2015, you can see all of that is going to be gutted in the first 2 years if we do not make a change in it. I tried to do that. I have an amendment. I still have an amendment that is out there that could correct that situation. I think it is important for people to understand that the readiness is going to be hurt more. This is after $487 billion has been cut from our defense system.  General Amos, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, who testified under oath, said:       We will have fewer forces arriving, less-trained, arriving      late in the fight. This would delay the buildup of combat      power, allow the enemy more time to build its defenses, and      would likely prolong combat operations. Altogether, this is a      formula for American casualties.  It gets back to that orange line up there. The orange line is when you do that, you have to accept a greater risk. That means American lives. I have already given that speech.  Right now we are getting close to the time when we are going to be actually casting a vote. I think I have kind of good news. Hopefully it is good news. I made a statement yesterday that the problem the Republicans have is they have not been able to get amendments in. We have gone through this in years past, and always something has broken loose where we are able to have amendments. Well, up until yesterday, the Republicans had 81 amendments that we wanted to be considered. Frankly, that is not all that uncontrollable. That could have been done. We could have still gotten through that this week. But as it is right now--the good news is, I said yesterday on the floor that I was going to come in and try to work all night long, and the staff has done this, to come up with 25 amendments and say: If we, the Republicans, can have 25 amendments to be considered, they can be voted down, but just to be considered on the floor, that we would be receptive to having the results.  Here is the interesting thing about it. We have heard a lot of people talking about, well, why is it all of a sudden this has to be done in 5 days? Yet we have been sitting around here for 3 months when we could have been considering it.  I would like to suggest, if you look at this, this is every year how many days it has taken for consideration. It is always more than what we have for the rest of this week. I only say that, because in spite of that, we still have a way of doing it.  For those who might think that the recorded votes we are requesting--it is not going to be that many votes. We are asking for 25 on the Republican side. Democrats have 25. That is 50. But if you look at years past--for example, last year we had total amendments offered of 106, but only 34 were voice voted, only 8 required a recorded vote.  I can go back to all of the rest of the years that are on this chart. But the bottom line is this: What I am asking for today is 25 for the Republicans, 25 for the Democrats. Of those, not more than 15 to 20 would require votes. We could do that in 1 day. So it can be done. We could finish this and still give Republicans the opportunity to have their votes.  What I have here is a list of the 25 amendments we are asking for. Again, I am not even for all 25 of them, but they should all be considered one way or another. This probably would end up requiring maybe at the most 10 votes. So I am offering these amendments and telling the majority--by the way, I have already talked about what a great relationship I have had during this consideration as the ranking member of Armed Services with the chairman Carl Levin. So I am offering to Carl Levin and to the Democrats, the majority in the Senate and the majority on the committee, these 25 amendments. All we are asking for is for those 25 to be considered. We can do this bill right, the way we have done it for 52 years. We can have a bill. We can have it by the end of this week. So I am offering that.  I also announced yesterday that in the event I can come up with a total number of 25 that our caucus would agree with, that if we could do that and we were refused, when the time comes I will vote against going to the bill. Now I think that very likely could happen this afternoon. However, if they accept them, I am committing right here on the floor that I will be in full support and I will vote for it. I want people to understand, in the unlikely event that the majority does not accept these--the consideration of these 25 votes, I will be voting against cloture on the bill when that vote comes up.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (