As you point out, they were apart on a lot of issues, but what we did was to take those areas that will improve the situation and adopted them, and they are a part of this bill. So the whole issue of sexual harassment will not be addressed at all in the absence of this legislation. Of two of the very significant provisions that are here, certainly that is one of them.  I mentioned a minute ago the other one. I know we have had differences of opinion between us on the whole Gitmo thing. Yet we have a provision in there now that I think satisfies us both until we all have time to sit down and work these things out.  The bottom line is this: We have things where it would cost huge amounts of money. If you just take the CVN-78, they would have to stop construction, after we have already spent $12 billion, and after it is 75 percent done. That cost would be tremendous, especially when we all know we will go back and reinstate it. But this wouldn't be just millions, it would be hundreds of millions of dollars. That is what is going to happen if we don't pass this bill.  Mr. McCAIN. I know long ago both the Senator from Oklahoma and I served in the military, which is not too relevant anymore, but both of us keep track of the military. We visit our military installations, and we spend time with the men and women who are serving both here and overseas. We are in communication with them. It is part of our privileges as their representatives, whether they happen to be in our home State or serving overseas in harm's way. When you talk to these young people--and they are the bravest of the brave and we all know the best of America--they do not understand why, when they are serving in combat and they are entitled to some additional pay because of being in danger, that will not happen. They do not understand why the bonus of special duty and incentive pay will lapse. They don't understand why that should happen. They do not understand why we are not addressing the issue of sexual assaults in the military. Many of them are deeply concerned about that.  By the way, I would also add--and I think my friend from Oklahoma will agree--this issue impacts on recruiting the most highly qualified young Americans.  So here we are on December 12 and we have still not completed our duty, our obligation to the men and women who are serving. They rely on us. They rely on us to take care of them. They rely on us to provide them with the weapons and the capabilities and the pay and benefits and to take care of their families. They rely on us. I am getting feedback from them that they are now beginning to believe we don't care that much. Frankly, I can't argue with that because why are we here in December? Why are we here in December? The fiscal year ended on 1 October. They ask: Why is it that you in Congress can't act to provide us with the tools we need to carry out our mission of defending the Nation?  Frankly, I don't have a very good answer, but maybe the Senator from Oklahoma does.  