It is a must-pass bill, one which has passed prior to December 31 every year for the last 53 years. So it is very significant, and I think people are tired of hearing about it because they recognize the significance and the fact that it has to be done. So I am not going to say anything about that.  I originally came down to talk about the problems we are having in my State of Oklahoma. I have a long list of people from all throughout the State who have talked about their insurance being cancelled, the increase in the deductibles and the cost of insurance, and about the crisis we are facing in the State of Oklahoma with ObamaCare.  Madam President, I will mention one thing which has been overlooked in this debate and which I have mentioned once before but a lot of people have not recognized, and this has come from the leaders on the Democrat side, including the President of the United States; that is, the ultimate goal of ObamaCare would be a single-payer system. A single-payer system is socialized medicine.  It is kind of interesting. I remember when we had Hillary health care back in the early 1990s, and we asked the question, if it doesn't work in Denmark, it doesn't work in Sweden, it doesn't work in Canada, it doesn't work in the U.K., why would it work here? They never said it, but they were thinking: If I were running it, it would work here. So that is the ultimate goal.  I will share a personal experience, and then I will yield to the rest of the Members who wish to talk about their States.  I had a personal experience 2 months ago. I went in for a colonoscopy, just a routine thing. After checking me and going through, they said: I have good news and bad news.  I said: All right. What is it?  The good news is your colon is fine. The bad news is you are about to die because you have 100 percent obstruction in two valves, 90 percent in two arteries and 75 percent in the other arteries.  So I had as an emergency four bypasses at that moment.  I say that because if I had been in the U.K., at my age there would be a mandatory 6-month waiting period and I wouldn't be standing here today. If I had been in Canada, it is like 2 years. And I have heard our good friends, the doctors who are Members of the Senate, such as Senator Barrasso, talking about what is happening in these other countries.  A few minutes ago I was visiting with Jackie Davidson, who is scheduled for open heart surgery on Monday. I was talking about, quite frankly, how it was much easier than I thought it was going to be. And the same thing happened with my wife.  But the point is that if you are in these countries, at a certain age it doesn't work. You are denied the opportunity to have surgery. So that needs to be in the back of our minds as we talk about the current problems we are having with ObamaCare and what the ultimate goal is.  Lastly, I will say I have been contacted by two of my good friends who are members of Parliament in the U.K., and they asked me this question: Why is it you and your country are now trying to adopt something that we are trying to get away from over here in the U.K.?  So let's keep in mind there is one big overriding problem that, if we cave in now, we will be reaching.  With that, I yield to my colleagues who wish to speak.  