We will be prepared to vote on the amendment at noon today.  I find it kind of interesting that when I go back to Oklahoma--I know this is offensive to some people--I am back where normal people are. I was giving a speech, I say to the gentlelady who is managing this bill. Ironically, it was Duncan, OK, where they had the first hydraulic fracturing in 1949. I was there talking to them, and this was Democrats and Republicans. When they asked about the farm bill, I said: What farm bill, because 80 percent of the farm bill is not a farm bill, it is a welfare bill. We are talking about the food stamp program.  This is a shocker to people. They don't understand this. Why would they call this a farm bill if 80 percent of it is talking about the food stamp program? It is now at $800 billion over 10 years. In the first 5 years, enrollment in the food stamp program has grown by 70 percent. It has gone from 28 million families to 47 million families, and that is almost doubling in a period of 4 years. I don't say this critically. There are some people who are very liberal and feel government should have a greater involvement in our lives, and certainly that is what this system is all about. We sort of weigh these things and see. I cannot think of anyone who could rationally say that this program of food stamps could justify being increased by 100 percent in a period of 4 years.  It reminds me of a time many years ago when most of us had gone through elementary school. At that time we heard about Alexis De Tocquevile, a guy who came to this country. He looked at the wealth of America, and in the last paragraph of the last chapter of his book, he says: Once the people of this country finally vote themselves money out of the public trust, the system will fail. What he talked about there is that it gets to the point where 50 percent of the people are on the receiving end of government. I know we all remember that, and maybe a lot of people think that times have changed, but we have to stop somewhere.  I think this amendment is the most important amendment on the farm bill because it actually turns this into a farm bill. I would think that people who are as concerned with agriculture as I am--my State of Oklahoma is a big agriculture State, and I am very concerned about agriculture. I cannot find anyone in my State who says this should be part of a program that would be a charity bill and could be voted on on its own merits and not thrown in with the farm bill.  So over the same time period in the last 4 years, this has grown. It has increased by 100 percent. The cost has gone from $37 billion to $75 billion. That is a 100-percent increase in one program.  Enrollment in the program has even increased as the employment rate has declined. In 2010, when the average unemployment rate was 9.6 percent across the country, enrollment was 40.3 million people or families. In 2012, when the unemployment rate was 8 percent, which is 1.5 percent lower than it was in 2010, enrollment had increased to 46 million people. Unfortunately, as the farm bill is written, it only makes a 4-percent cut in the program over 10 years, which is a cut of less than 0.5 percent. I think those who say: Wait a minute, we are cutting that program--when it is cut by 0.5 percent, that is not really a cut.  The amendment is very straightforward and very simple. It converts the program into a block grant so that the States will have all the authority they need to ensure the program prevents the impoverished from going hungry. The funding provided is sufficient to provide benefits to the same number of participants as were enrolled in the mid-2000s. Money would be divided among the States proportionately based on the number of individuals who are living below the Federal poverty line. It would have to be fair. It is not going to go according to population, it is not going to go according to size or wealth, but to those who are living below the poverty line.  The new program would give States the ability to keep the money they received for 5 years so they can build flexibility into their programs which will allow their programs to shrink and grow as the economy changes. After 5 years, any unused money would return to the Treasury for deficit reduction.  While the amendment is careful to give States maximum control over the design and implementation of their own programs--which is what we want to happen--it does require them to include work requirements, mandatory drug testing, and verification of citizenship prior to qualifying anyone to participate in the program.  If we go out in the street in any of the towns of any of the States in this country and ask people if it is unreasonable to require people to have work requirements--certainly the last time when President Clinton was in office, we enacted some major reforms that included work requirements, and most of the Democrats were very supportive of that. Certainly people should not be concerned about mandatory drug testing and verification of citizenship. The citizenship issue is something we hear quite often. Further, States would not be allowed to authorize users to purchase alcohol, tobacco, dog food, and items like that.  In total, I expect this amendment to save some $300 billion over 10 years relative to the current funding baseline.  I feel very strongly about this. This is one of those issues people are talking about all over the country. I know when my wife comes back and she talks about how people who are perfectly capable of working are buying items such as beer, among other things, with their food stamps--this is something that offends Democrats, Republicans, liberals, and conservatives alike throughout America.  That amendment is going to come up at noon, 15 minutes from now, and I encourage my colleagues to vote for this amendment and turn the farm bill into a farm bill instead of a charity bill.  If no one else wants to speak, I would like to make one comment about what happened in Oklahoma.  I came back yesterday from my State of Oklahoma. We have all seen on the media the disaster and the heart-wrenching things happening in Moore, OK. I remember so well that 14 years ago, in 1999, another tornado came through. If we look at it, it was on the same path as this tornado which came through 2 days ago, and it was just about the same devastation. I stood there and recalled what I saw in 1999. It breaks my heart when we see these people. They were trying to match missing parents with missing kids. Think about that.  We had two schools. When we looked at the rubbish, we felt that all the kids could have been killed in there. It was hard to imagine that anyone could have survived. Yet some did survive.  The early reports of the deaths were a lot higher, and the deaths are very important, but that is not the only thing. There are people in the hospitals right now who are trying--one of the hospitals had to evacuate every bed in that hospital when they saw it coming, and it is a miracle that not one person--not one of the people who was in that hospital--was killed. No one can understand how that could have happened.  We watched this going on and we saw parents--I have 20 kids and grandkids and I can't imagine what it would be like to go through something like that. I have to say the Federal Government, the State government, the county government, the city of Oklahoma City, the city of Moore, and all the private sector have joined in together. I have never seen any effort, including the 1999 effort, that drew people together the way this has. We have seen companies represented by people who are builders and developers who have heavy equipment and trucks and things such as that and they are donating them to this cause to help these people.  I want everyone to pray for these people, for the families, and for us to pull together and make this thing survivable. I know Oklahoma is in the tornado belt. Everybody reminds me of that all the time, and it is true. I remember being closely involved, either at the time of or right after, in almost every tornado in the last 25 or 30 years. A little town called Picher, OK, had atiny tornado, but it wiped out everything. That is the thing that is characteristic about tornadoes: No one survived, with one exception. They are now talking about accelerating the number of safe rooms and tornado shelters.  This is a program that started in 1999, and I can't tell my colleagues--we are trying to evaluate right now how many more people in Oklahoma are alive today because they were taking advantage of that program and I am sure many more will as well.  I know others wish to speak on this bill, but I want to say that we in Oklahoma appreciate the love and the help on all government levels as well as the private sector levels and ask sincerely for the prayers of everyone within earshot.  I yield the floor.  