 President, for about the past week I have been very concerned and involved in a situation involving Mongolia. It is a small country. It has been a democratic country for the past 20 years. At one time it was part of the Soviet bloc but no longer.  I have talked to many people at the State Department, the Vice President's office, the chairman of Brookings, the former Ambassador to Mongolia. I come to the floor to address the situation of Mr. Nambaryn Enkhbayar, the former President of Mongolia from 2005 to 2009.  I was in Mongolia when he was President and had the opportunity to get to know him as a distinguished international statesman who, sadly, is facing so-called allegations of corruption in the country he led so well and so long. Mr. Enkhbayar, in addition to being President of the country, was previously Prime Minister and has held many other leadership positions in government over the years. As President, he designed and effectively executed Mongolia's ``third neighbor'' policy of diversifying its diplomatic and economic relations beyond the strong ties with its immediate neighbors, China and Russia.  Specifically, Mr. Enkhbayar personally emphasized relations with the United States; with our Asian allies such as Japan, Korea and Australia; and with Europe.  At the request of the Bush Administration, he dispatched Mongolian troops to fight alongside Americans in Iraq and Afghanistan, held two summits with President Bush and concluded Mongolia's Millennium Challenge pact in 2007.  Under his leadership, the Mongolian Government strengthened its international peace-keeping role with the United Nations, joined and then took a leading role in the Community of Democracies, provided humanitarian transit for North Korean refugees through Mongolia, and developed important intelligence exchanges with American counterparts.  Domestically, Mr. Enkhbayar contributed to Mongolia's political maturation with his graceful concession and cooperation after he lost his re-election bid in the 2009 presidential election to Mr. Elbegdorj, the current President of Mongolia. This smooth transition of the presidency from one party to another at that time did much to solidify the foundations of democratic politics in the country.  Sadly, the atmosphere in Mongolia has become less conducive to such fair play this year, as Mongolia approaches an important parliamentary election in June.  After retiring from politics with the end of his presidential term in 2009, Mr. Enkhbayar re-entered the public arena again this year with the formation of a third major party and the fielding of a slate of candidates, including for himself, for the parliament.  Just as the campaigning for this election was starting in earnest a month ago, Mr. Enkhbayar was arrested under charges brought by the Anti-Corruption Agency of Mongolia, an organization established while he was president.  It is important to say that building practices of good governance and challenging corrupt practices form an important benchmark of achievement for any developing democracy. We should applaud vigorous efforts to combat corrupt practices in the country. That is needed.  But it is equally important that those fighting corruption avoid a sense of involvement in such practices themselves. Certainly, to say the least, the bringing of charges against a political leader in the midst of an important election campaign is unusual.  As extraordinary as the timing of the charges, the process of Mr. Enkhbayar's subsequent arrest and incarceration was of even more concern.  Mr. Enkhbayar was ostensibly wanted for questioning, but on the evening and early morning of April 12 13, he was forcefully removed from his home by several hundred law enforcement officials and without any resistance on his part and then spirited away for confinement in a remote prison where all access was severely limited.  In incarceration, Mr. Enkhbayar suffered further indignities and irregularities of due process.  He had inadequate access to family and counsel. He reportedly received abusive verbal treatment. After initiating a ``dry hunger strike'' without liquids to protest these circumstances--which is his right under international law as a prisoner--he was denied adequate medical treatment and endured attempts to force feed him.  Only after his health was at risk, Mr. Enkhbayar was released on bail this morning so he could receive the medical treatment he so desperately needs.  It is my hope he will be well enough to continue with his campaign for parliament.  Yet I am deeply concerned that he still may be charged with corruption, allegations that have been deemed by one of his attorneys to be ``insubstantial, stale and petty.''  Our concern now should be, in the first instance, Mr. Enkhbayar's health and even his physical survival of this ordeal.  Secondly, we need to press for due process in the adjudication of his case and ensure he is afforded his full rights to a speedy, transparent and fair hearing of the charges, with full legal assistance with his defense.  We cannot be sure at this time that either of these considerations, the minimum that is owed any citizen or any human being under the rule of law in a democracy, can be secured. So I call upon the authorities of Mongolia to announce that the procedures and schedule for adjudication of his case will proceed and that President Enkhbayar will be accorded full due process rights to which he is entitled. To do less would be to reinforce fears the process employed here is politically driven and meant exclusively to remove Mr. Enkhbayar from participation in the parliamentary election now underway.  Finally, this brings me to a larger issue concerning fears for the fate of Mongolian democracy and for the now strong relationship between Mongolia and the United States. Mongolia has been rightly acclaimed for the extraordinary progress it has made in building democratic practices and institutions since the collapse of the Soviet Union 20 years ago. Indeed, Mongolia is the only successful, functioning democracy from the Pacific Ocean to Eastern Europe through the entire expanse of inner Asia. A small country, due to its achievement, has become a country of large significance on the world stage--the best argument that a free and brave people can move their country from authoritarianism to democracy in a relatively short period of time. Having done so, Mongolians have enjoyed an extraordinary degree of support and attention from the outside world, led by our country, the United States.  