 I think he and his ranking member, Senator Collins, have done a very fine job. I think it is important for everyone to know about those hours when we sat down with other Members trying to negotiate something people might agree to on this cyber bill. Unfortunately, we could not.  I am very worried. I am very worried there will be a major cyber attack on this Nation. I do not say that without intelligence to back it up. On the Intelligence Committee, we receive regular warnings from the Intelligence Community that tell us cyber attacks are increasing in number, sophistication, and damage.  Unfortunately, despite significant changes made to the Cybersecurity Act that Senator Lieberman, Senator Collins, Senator Rockefeller and I agreed to in July and August, many on the other side of the aisle filibustered the bill. Since that time we have learned of additional major cyber attacks.  In October and September of this year, at least nine major U.S. banks were hit by a series of attacks that blocked their customers from accessing their banking information or making online transactions. This list of victims includes the country's largest, most sophisticated financial institutions: the Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, the U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo, PNC, Capital One, BB&T Corporation, and HSBC--all cyber attacked.  These attacks systematically hit banks for 5 weeks. They disrupted traffic at each bank for a day or two before moving on to the next victim. It was a well planned and coordinated cyber attack from bank to bank to bank to bank. It disrupted the banking system, but it did not destroy it. But that doesn't mean the attackers do not have the ability to destroy it. This is a real wake-up call, and I think we ignore it at our own peril.  I have come to believe it is negligent to fail to pass a bill with the warnings that are out there today. I remember, I was on the Intelligence Committee when the CIA Director, then-Director Tenet, came before the committee in the middle of the summer in 2001 and said to us: We anticipate an attack. We don't know where. We don't know when. That attack came, and it was 9/11. Today there is the same anticipation of a big attack, a big cyber attack. And we need to put in place the legal procedures to prevent that.  Let me mention other recent cyber attacks. In August, a foreign country or organization used computer code to destroy 30,000 computers at the world's largest energy company, that is Saudi Aramco, and that is Saudi Arabia's state-owned oil company. How is this done? According to the New York Times, the cyber attackers ``unleashed a computer virus to initiate what is regarded as among the most destructive acts of computer sabotage on a company to date. The virus erased data on three-quarters of Aramco's corporate PCs--documents, spreadsheets, e-mails, files--replacing all of it with an image of a burning American flag.''  If anything is a harbinger of things to come, that is clear. Why would one put their signature on a major cyber attack by showing burning American flags unless they had some additional intent against the U.S.? We cannot underestimate the threat. To do so is sheer negligence on the part of this body.  In the 5 months from October 2011 through February 2012, over 50,000 cyber attacks were reported on private and government networks with 86 ofthose attacks taking place on critical infrastructure networks. So we have 86 attacks on critical infrastructure networks.  Keep in mind these 50,000 incidents were only the ones reported to the Department of Homeland Security. So they represent but a small fraction of cyber attacks carried out against the United States. This year, 2012, Nissan, MasterCard, and Visa joined the ranks of other major companies already hacked--Sony, Citi, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Google, Booze Allen Hamilton, RSA, L-3, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce as victims of hacking last year.  We also know that last year for at least 6 months, 48 companies in the chemical, defense, and other industries were penetrated by a hacker looking to steal intellectual property. The cyber security company Symantec has attributed some of these attacks to computers in Hebei, China.  Here is the point. We know we are being attacked by other countries. I hear it in the Intelligence Committee. It is classified so I cannot go into it here. But suffice it to say that we know it is happening. Things are only going to get worse, as Secretary Panetta said in a recent major address in New York. Let me just read one section of his speech:       The collective result of these kinds of attacks could be a      cyber Pearl Harbor, an attack that would cause physical      destruction and loss of life. In fact it would paralyze and      shock the nation and create a new, profound sense of      vulnerability.  Members of the Senate, we are warned. We are warned clearly, we are warned directly, and we are warned by the Head of Cyber Command, General Alexander, as well as the Secretary of Defense. Yet we do nothing.  I strongly believe we need to pass this bill. Then it will go to the House. And then there will be a conference. Along the way, there will have to be some accommodations made. But, there is no reason for this Senate, knowing what we know, not to pass this bill.  We also know the President would sign this bill, and we know the President would not sign the House bill as is. So we have an opportunity by moving forward with this bill.  I want to remind my colleagues of efforts made to negotiate an agreement on this bill. Before the bill came to the floor in July, and while the Senate was considering it, there were numerous meetings every day by a dozen or more Senators. The authors of the bill met with Senators McCain, Chambliss, Hutchison, the sponsors of the SECURE IT Act, as well as Senators Kyl and Whitehouse, and a group they convened. We had multiple meetings with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber's largest concern with Title VII on information sharing was over the liability protections in our bill--which is what the Intelligence Committee staff worked on and prepared.  I asked the Chamber where they thought our language was deficient. I asked them if they could improve on the immunity provisions, to please send us bill language. Did they? No. They did not. I think that is some testimony that is worth thinking about.  Over the summer, the majority leader offered to vote on a set list of amendments. He asked if the minority could put together the 10 votes it wanted, and as long as they were relevant and germane to the bill, we would consider them. No list was provided. So we voted, and by a vote of 52 to 46, cloture was not invoked.  Again, after the vote, the staff from both sides of the Homeland Security Committee, the Commerce Committee, and the Intelligence Committee held numerous meetings to negotiate a compromise. The effort did not succeed. So if we are to address the major problem of cyber attacks and potential cyber warfare, we have no option but to bring the Lieberman-Collins bill back on the floor.  I know my time is limited here today. And I know the Nation's cyber laws are woefully out of date. Let me touch on one more thing regarding the information sharing part of the bill. I received a call from a CEO of a high-tech company about the homeland security portal or exchange, as we call it in the bill. That CEO said, We would like our information to go directly into the Department of Defense. Let me note that would create a big problem. It created a problem with a number of U.S. Senators who are concerned about the military getting this kind of cyber information. And it created a big concern with the privacy organizations throughout our country. So it was changed so that the portal would be run most likely by Homeland Security. But here is the point I wish to make. The transfer of cyber information is with the click of a mouse. It moves instantaneously, so that as information----  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Casey). The time of the Senator has expired.  