 President, I rise today to thank my colleagues on the transportation conference for including the National Flood Insurance Program reauthorization and for removing the controversial residual risk provision.  That provision was a real concern to me and more than a dozen cities and counties in California. It would have required nearly 1 million residents in my State to purchase flood insurance even though they live behind fully functioning levees that meet or exceed Federal safety standards. That provision alone could have quadrupled the number of homeowners in my State who have to buy flood insurance.  The flood insurance bill called this low-level risk behind levees ``residual risk.'' It is the risk left over after a levee has been built--the risk of levee failure, in essence.  These are levees that homeowners funded with their own tax dollars, and the provision would have forced them to spend even more money. That is just not good policy. And I was proud to add my voice to that of the Senator from Arkansas in strong opposition to including it in the bill.  The bottom line is this: Until the residual risk provision was removed, the National Flood Insurance Program reauthorization would have had a devastating effect on communities in California and across the Nation.  Even homeowners in communities who maintain their levees to Federal safety standards with their own tax dollars would have been forced to pay for Federal flood insurance. I simply could not support such an unfair policy. It sent the message to homeownersand local communities that regardless of their investments in flood protection, it is simply not good enough. That is not the message we should be sending when this country needs to invest more in flood control infrastructure, not when homeowners are struggling to pay their mortgages, not when housing starts are near alltime lows, and not when our economy is still struggling to get back on track.  I was not alone in my opposition to the residual risk provision. I received letters from elected officials across the State--Oceanside, Long Beach, Lakewood, Los Angeles, Santa Maria, Stockton, Sacramento, Yuba City. Del Norte, Sutter, Yolo, and Butte Counties were opposed, as well as San Joaquin County.  This was not a regional issue. The letters came in from southern California, the central coast, northern California and the Central Valley.  In San Joaquin County, in the middle of my State, this provision would have meant 280,000 additional residents had to purchase flood insurance. This is a county where 1 in every 194 homes is in foreclosure--3.3 times the national average. At even $1 a day, this added expense could jeopardize the county's already shaky housing market.  The purchase requirement would have covered most of the city of Stockton, with a population of nearly 300,000. This would have further devastated a city that suffered the second highest foreclosure rate in the Nation last year.  In Palo Alto, this provision would have required another 5,500 homeowners to buy insurance.  In Sutter County, an estimated 28,000 of the 34,308 parcels would have been affected. That is 81.6 percent of all parcels in the county.  In Butte County, 14,000 parcels would have been affected.  In Los Angeles County, supervisors Mark Ridley Thomas and Don Knabe tell me that at least 200,000 properties and 800,000 residents would have been impacted. These homeowners are currently protected by 130 miles of levees and 18 dams in L.A. County.  Many of the affected homeowners live along the Los Angeles River, which isn't really a river at all--it is a concrete channel. And it is very hard to imagine a flood ever occurring there. More than $200 million has been invested to minimize the risk.  The federally authorized Los Angeles County Drainage Area Project reinforced levees along the Los Angeles River to protect against floods well beyond a 100-year event. Local taxpayers contributed $55 million to complete this project; Federal contributions totaled another $155 million. This investment was made so that residents could avoid $32 million in yearly flood insurance premiums. With the inclusion of the residual risk provision, homeowners in the area would have once again had to pay flood insurance bills every year.  I appreciate the efforts of Senators Cochran and the chairman and ranking member to address this problem, but changes they made to the original draft did not go far enough. Even with their changes, the provision could have further depressed home prices by driving up ownership costs in many areas.  Let me be clear: This policy wasn't proposed because homeowners lived behind unsafe levees. These were safe levees that meet Federal standards. Some believe this provision was added to the original bill to restore the fiscal solvency of the program. By bringing in new, low-risk properties, it is true that the fiscal health of the Flood Insurance Program would have improved. But I, for one, oppose propping up the Flood Insurance Program on the backs of constituents who played by the rules.  If the goal is to ensure that people are informed about the risks they face, I continue to be willing to work with my colleagues to accomplish that. In fact, California already offers a model for achieving that very goal.  The bottom line is this: Even with the changes made to the residual risk provision, the bill would have still required homeowners and businesses protected by certified levees to purchase mandatory flood insurance. Candidly, I was shocked that we even considered adding this provision without a full floor debate because it was not a trivial extension. The bill would have imposed substantial new costs to nearly 1 million homeowners in California alone.  Again, I thank my colleagues on the conference committee for removing this provision. This conference report was not the time or place for it to be considered.  Now, with the 5-year reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program in place, we will be taking an important step to stabilize our housing market. We have also taken some very responsible steps to put the program back on the path to fiscal solvency.  I commend my colleagues for putting together this package of bills. I know they had a tremendous challenge, and I think they have done an exceptional job.  