 President, in 1971, Congress passed and President Nixon signed into law the Non-Detention Act of 1971, which repealed a 1950 statute that explicitly allowed detention of U.S. citizens.  The Non-Detention Act of 1971 clearly states:       No citizen shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the      United States except pursuant to an act of Congress.  Despite this history, during last year's debate on the Defense authorization bill some in this body advocated for the indefinite detention of American citizens. This is an issue that has been the subject of much legal controversy since 9/11.  Proponents of indefinitely detaining U.S. citizens argue that the Authorization for Use of Military Force, AUMF, that was enacted in the wake of 9/11 is ``an act of Congress,'' in the language of the Non-Detention Act, that authorizes the indefinite detention of American citizens regardless of where they are captured.  We heard this argument again tonight from Senators Levin and Graham. They assert that their position is justified by the U.S. Supreme Court's plurality decision in the 2004 case of Hamdi v. Rumsfeld. However, that position is undercut by the 2003 case of Padilla v. Rumsfeld in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals.  But let me discuss the facts of Hamdi because it is important to note that Yaser Esam Hamdi was a U.S. citizen who took up arms on behalf of the Taliban and was captured on the battlefield in Afghanistan. The Supreme Court effectively did uphold his military detention, so some of my colleagues seize upon this to say that the military can detain even U.S. citizens who are arrested domestically.  However, the Supreme Court's opinion in that case was a muddled decision by a four-vote plurality that recognized the power of the government to detain U.S. citizens captured in such circumstances as ``enemy combatants'' for some period, but otherwise repudiated the government's broad assertions of executive authority to detain citizens without charge or trial.  To the extent the Hamdi case permits the government to detain a U.S. citizen ``until the end of hostilities,'' it does so only under a very limited set of circumstances; namely, citizens taking an active part in hostilities who are captured in Afghanistan and who are afforded certain due process protections, at a minimum.  Additionally, decisions by the lower courts have contributed to the current state of legal ambiguity, principally those decisions involving Jose Padilla, a U.S. citizen who was arrested in Chicago. He was initially detained pursuant to a material witness warrant based on the 9/11 terrorist attacks.  In Padilla v. Rumsfeld the Second Circuit Court of Appeals held that the AUMF did not authorize his detention, saying:       We conclude that clear congressional authorization is      required for detentions of American citizens on American soil      because . . . the Non-Detention Act . . . prohibits such      detentions absent specific congressional authorization.  The Second Circuit went on to say that the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force ``is not such an authorization, and no exception to [the Non-Detention Act] otherwise exists.''  I think this history is particularly important in light of tonight's debate.  