  We need to act now so that our exporters can take advantage of Russia's accession to the World Trade Organization, WTO, in August.  The House voted to approve PNTR for Russia on November 16th on a 365-43 vote. The Senate Finance Committee approved its version of the bill on a 24-0 vote in July.  The legislation enjoys widespread support among manufacturers, service providers, and farmers.  It has been endorsed by, among others, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, and the American Farm Bureau.  As a part of joining the WTO, Russia negotiated agreements with each member, including the United States, making commitments to eliminate non-tariff barriers, protect intellectual property, liberalize key sectors such as services, and improve its business climate.  For example, Russia agreed to: lower tariffs on industrial products from an average rate of 10 percent to 7 percent; not raise tariffs on 90 percent of agricultural products and keep them at 15 percent or lower; join the WTO Information Technology Agreement and eliminate tariffs on major IT products within 3 years; abide by WTO rules on enforcement of intellectual property rights; and remove limitations on foreign equity in telecommunications companies, insurance companies, banks, and wholesale and retail enterprises.  These commitments will be subject to the WTO's dispute settlement process and help promote greater transparency and a more stable business environment for foreign investors.  Since the United States is a member of the WTO, this agreement includes only concessions by Russia. The United States will not lower a single tariff, provide any market access benefits, or make any changes to U.S. trade law.  Under WTO rules, however, in order for the United States to take advantage of Russia's commitments, it must enact permanent normal trade relations for Russia.  Currently, Russia enjoys normal trade relations, NTR, status--the status enjoyed by a trading partner that faces the most favorable U.S. tariffs in exchange for similar benefits for U.S. exports.  This status must be renewed on an annual basis due to a provision enacted in the Trade Act of 1974--the so-called ``Jackson-Vanik'' amendment--in response to concerns about Jewish emigration from the former Soviet Union.  That law conditions normal trade relations status on a country allowing its citizens to emigrate freely.  Russia has consistently met the requirements of Jackson-Vanik since the fall of the Soviet Union and its NTR status has been renewed annually without debate since 1994.  Yet, WTO rules mandate that its members provide each other with unconditional or ``permanent'' normal trade relations. That is, we have to treat each member equally, extending them the most favorable U.S. tariffs in exchange for similar benefits without restrictions.  Otherwise, they are under no obligation to extend the same favorable treatment to U.S. exports.  Since the United States only grants Russia conditional or annual normal trade relations status, the United States is not in compliance with these rules and Russia can refuse to extend the market access commitments it made to join the WTO to U.S. exports.  This is putting our exports at a competitive disadvantage because every other WTO member--155 in total--has permanent normal trade relations with Russia and has been receiving the benefits of Russian membership in the WTO since August.  So while we delay, our manufacturers, service providers, farmers, and workers are losing out on a fast-growing market.  Russia has a gross domestic product of $2.2 trillion, the sixth largest in the world. Its economy is expected to grow by 4 percent annually through 2015, according to the International Trade Administration.  U.S.-Russia trade grew by 37.9 percent in 2011 and total U.S.-Russia trade stood at $42.9 billion.  This mutually beneficial relationship will continue to grow by enacting this legislation.  Let me repeat: for those who may be concerned about this legislation's effects on U.S. jobs, it is important topoint out that the United States will not have to lower a single tariff or make any market concessions on Russian imports by approving permanent normal trade relations.  All concessions will be made by Russia as a part of its agreement to join the WTO.  What does this legislation mean for my home State of California?  Among U.S. States, California is currently the 4th largest exporter to Russia, according to the Coalition for U.S. Russia Trade. According to the Business Roundtable, California exported $665 million worth of goods to Russia in 2011, supporting 2,000 California jobs.  In 2011 California's exported $156 million of computers and electronics to Russia, our top export. Yet, U.S. companies only held 4.2 percent of the Russian import market compared to 36.5 percent for the European Union, EU.  As part of its WTO accession, Russia agreed to eliminate tariffs on IT products and take additional actions to protect IPR, including joining the WTO Information Technology Agreement.  In 2011, California exported $47 million of pharmaceuticals to Russia, but the EU held 77 percent of the import market. As a part of its WTO accession, Russia agreed to lower its tariff to 4.4 percent.  In 2011, California exported $90 million of cars to Russia, the world's 6th largest car market. U.S. cars, however, make up only 4 percent of Russian imports while Japan has 40 percent of the market and the EU has 35 percent.  As a part of its WTO accession, Russia agreed to reduce its tariff on cars from 20-35 percent to 15 percent.  In addition, for California agriculture, Russia has agreed to: lower tariffs on dairy from 19.8 percent to 14.9 percent; reduce its tariff on grapes from 10 percent to 5 percent within 3 years; lower tariffs on cereals from 15.1 percent to 10 percent; and establish lower in-quota tariff rates for pork, poultry, and beef.  Unless we pass permanent normal trade relations, our foreign competitors will be able to use the concessions Russia made when joining the WTO to protect their companies and workers and increase their market share, while the United States will not be able to do the same for our companies and workers.  As a result, failure to pass this legislation will only make it harder for California and U.S. companies to compete in Russia.  The legislation would also impose sanctions on individuals linked to the incarceration and death of Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky.  Sergei Magnitsky was a Russian attorney who was arrested in 2008 after alleging wide-scale tax fraud by several law enforcement and government officials. He died in prison a year later due to health complications while awaiting trial.  Investigations later found that Mr. Magnitsky was beaten and did not receive proper medical attention. His case gained international attention and was used to highlight systematic violations of human rights in the Russian judicial system.  It is my hope that this provision will help bring those responsible for Mr. Magnitsky's death to justice and encourage Russia to do more to tackle corruption and promote a greater respect for human rights and the rule of law.  This is critical if Russia is to enjoy the full benefits of WTO membership and attract more foreign investment.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  I yield the floor.  