 President, I am thrilled, along with my friend and fellow Giants fan Senator Boxer, to support a resolution honoring Major League Baseball's 2012 World Series champions, the San Francisco Giants.  Behind the best starting pitching in baseball, a shutdown bullpen, brilliant defense and timely hitting, our Giants are, once again, kings of the baseball world.  They defeated the American League Champion Detroit Tigers 4 games to none in the 108th World Series to win their second title in just 3 years.  It is the seventh title in the long, storied history of the franchise, and their second since moving to San Francisco in 1958.  Indeed, these are truly the glory days of Giants baseball in San Francisco.  The 2010 Giants were known as a band of misfits and castoffs who shocked the baseball world by winning the Giants' first World Series title in 56 years.  This Giants team can only be described as resilient, a diverse collection of veterans, rookies, and midseason acquisitions who banded together with a ``never-say-die'' spirit to overcome the greatest of odds to win it all.  Down two games to none in the best of five Division Series against the Cincinnati Reds, outfielder Hunter Pence gathered his teammates together before the third game and urged them not to give up, to play for each other, win each moment, and leave it all on the field so they could spend another day together.  He was not ready to go home, and neither were the Giants. They won that game and the next two, stunning the Reds and advancing to the National League Championship Series against the defending World Series champion St. Louis Cardinals.  In that series, the Giants once again found their backs against the wall, down three games to one in the best-of-seven series. In game 5 at St. Louis, Giants pitcher Barry Zito overcame years of adversity to pitch the game of his life, bringing the series back to San Francisco.  The Giants won the next two games to clinch the National League pennant in front of their loyal and passionate fans.  They became the first team in more than 25 years to win six elimination games in one postseason.  So it was on to the World Series against the Tigers, a formidable team that looked unbeatable to most baseball experts.  But with all due respect to the Tigers--and my friends and colleagues from Michigan--after the adversity they had faced against the Reds and the Cardinals, nothing was going to stop the Giants.  In game 1, World Series Most Valuable Player Pablo Sandoval became just the fourth player in World Series history to hit three home runs in one game as the Giants won 8 to 3.  In games 2 and 3, starting pitchers Madison Bumgarner and RyanVogelsong were dominant as the Giants both games by a score of 2 to 0.  And in the deciding game 4, the Giants rallied as National League Series MVP Marco Scutaro gave the Giants a 4 to 3 lead in the 10th inning, knocking home Ryan Theriot with a two-out base hit. In the bottom of the inning, Sergio Romo struck out the side and the Giants were champions once again.  And what a run it was.  The Giants closed out the post-season by winning seven straight games, beating the Cardinals and Tigers by a combined score of 36 to 7 with four shutouts.  In the World Series, Giants pitchers limited the Tigers to just six runs in four games and held them to a .159 batting average.  I congratulate all the Giants players for their heart, determination and teamwork.  When your backs were up against the wall, you epitomized the best of San Francisco and came together as a team, setting aside egos, sacrificing individual glory and battling for each other, one game at a time, until you were the last team standing.  I would also like to congratulate president and CEO Larry Baer, general manager Brian Sabean, manager Bruce Bochy and the rest of the coaching staff for putting together this team and establishing a culture of excellence that is the envy of all of baseball.  Mr. President, I was privileged to be mayor of San Francisco when the 49ers--led by Eddie DeBartolo, Bill Walsh, Joe Montana, Ronnie Lott and many others--began their run of five Super Bowl titles that established the 49ers as a dynasty.  With their second World Series win in just 3 years, the Giants are on their way to establishing their own dynasty, once again solidifying San Francisco's status as not just a world-class city but a city of champions.  