 President, today I wish to express my strong support for the DISCLOSE Act of 2012.  This bill is a first step toward restoring some transparency and accountability to our electoral system, an action sorely needed in the wake of the Supreme Court's misguided Citizens United decision.  If the DISCLOSE Act is passed by Congress and signed into law it would put in place the following two new campaign disclosure measures: One, it requires third-party groups to disclose their top funding sources those over $10,000 to the Federal Election Commission; and, two, it requires these independent groups to certify that their activities are not coordinated with candidates or political parties.  Why are these new disclosure requirements necessary?  The DISCLOSE Act is necessary because Citizens United, a narrow 5-4 decision by the Roberts Court, struck down critical parts of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act.  Let me be clear: Citizens United upended nearly a century of congressional law and overturned two Supreme Court rulings. It is the reason super PAC is now a household phrase, and the decision troubled me greatly.  The Court held that the first amendment affords corporations and interest groups the right to spend freely millions, even billions of dollars on election ads to support or defeat a particular candidate.  The practical effect of the decision didn't take long to appear. We have already seen how unlimited and opaque special interest money can decide a Presidential primary, and we continue to see the impact during the current general election.  The Citizens United decision has opened the door to unlimited, undisclosed corporate and special interest spending in Federal elections.  In other words, an individual or a corporation can give tens of millions of dollars to an independent campaign effort to slander, impugn, or oppose a candidate or an issue or to support the same anonymously.  Under current law there is no requirement to disclose to the voters or any government agency the names of the individuals who contributed to these campaign efforts.  This is total unlimited and anonymous spending.  Let me repeat: unlimited spending.  It is impossible to exaggerate how far reaching this decision is: it weakens the very essence of our democracy and the integrity of our system of elections.  What does this mean in the real world?  This means an oil company like ExxonMobil, which earned $41 billion in profits last year, can spend unlimited money to defeat candidates who oppose offshore drilling. It means Academi (the company formerly known as Blackwater) and other defense contractors can spend unlimited sums to elect candidates who view their defense positions favorably. And large banks will be free to use their corporate treasury to attack candidates in favor of financial regulation and consumer protection.  During testimony in 2010, Fred Wertheimer of Democracy 21 said it well:       It would not take many examples of elections where      multimillion corporate expenditures defeat a member of      Congress before all members quickly learn the lesson, vote      against the corporate interest at stake in a piece of      legislation and you run the risk of being hit with a      multimillion-dollar corporate ad campaign to defeat you.  Since Citizens United, we have seen explosive growth in outside corporate and special-interest expenditures:  The fall 2010 midterm elections ushered in the independent third-party groups, which spent a record $300 million during that election cycle. This amount is quadruple the $69 million spent by outside groups in 2006. Nearly three-quarters of political advertising in 2010 came from sources prohibited from spending money in 2006.  By the summer of 2008, about $70 million had been spent by third-party groups during the Presidential race. According to the Center for Responsive Politics, outside groups are currently on pace to at least triple that 2008 total. An astonishing $167 million has already been spent as of July 11, 2012.  Almost $140 million of this comes from super PACs established in the wake of the Citizens United decision. As of July 11, there are 667 registered super PACs that have already raised more than $244 million.  More money is being spent than ever before, and it is clear that these unlimited sums could be a major factor in the 2012 elections.  Earlier this year, the Washington Post reported that many independent ads for the general election campaign originate from nonprofit interest groups that do not disclose their donors. The analysis found that politically active nonprofit groups with undisclosed donors have spent more than $24 million in the 2012 cycle on political ads.  The public deserves to know who these donors are. The value of transparency was demonstrated vividly in 2010, when Texas-based oil companies funded a ballot measure to repeal California's landmark climate change law, the ``California Climate Change Solutions Act.''  Although the campaign for this measure spent more than $10 million, they were unable to conceal that their funding came from out-of-State sources, led by multimillion-dollar contributions from Texas-based oil companies. This transparency allowed California voters to know the real source of advertisements during the campaign and make a more informed decision. That proposition failed, and, I believe it failed because voters knew who was paying for the ads.  Transparency works. It makes a difference. With public confidence in government at a record low, now is the time for more transparency, not less. We must restore confidence in our government. The Supreme Court made its decision in Citizens United, so there isn't much that Congress can do. But the DISCLOSE Act is an attempt to make clear the effects of Citizens United and ensure that our election process remains transparent.  The public deserves to know who is funding the super PACs and other groups that are airing political ads. When voters know who paid for an ad, they make more educated decisions. The DISCLOSE Act is a step toward making that reality.  