  I wish to be very clear about what this amendment is and what it is not about. It is not about whether citizens such as Hamdi and Padilla or others who would do us harm should be captured, interrogated, incarcerated, and severely punished. They should be. But what about an innocent American? What about someone in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong skin color?  The beauty of our Constitution is that it gives everyone in the United States basic due process rights to a trial by a jury of their peers. That is what makes this Nation great. As Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote for the plurality in Hamdi v. Rumsfeld:       As critical as the Government's interests may be in      detaining those who actually pose an immediate threat to the      national security of the United States during ongoing      international conflict, history and common sense teach us      that an unchecked system of detention carries the potential      to become a means for oppression and abuse of others who do      not present that sort of threat.  Just think of it. If someone is of the wrong race and they are in a place where there is a terrorist attack, they could be picked up, they could be held without charge or trial for month after month, year after year. That is wrong. Experiences over the last decade prove the U.S. is safer now than before the 9/11 attacks. Terrorists are behind bars, dangerous plots have been thwarted. The system is working and hopefully improving each day.  So I think now is the time to clarify U.S. law to state unequivocally that the government cannot without trial or charge indefinitely detain Americans and green card holders captured inside this country.  The Federal Government experimented with indefinite detention of U.S. citizens during World War II, a mistake we now recognize as a betrayal of our core values. Let's not repeat it. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  I yield the floor for Senator Paul.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Whitehouse). The Senator from Kentucky.  