 President, I rise to speak in support of the Repeal Big Oil Tax Subsidies Act, which I have cosponsored.  This legislation would repeal five specific tax subsidies and a royalty relief provision to the largest oil companies, which simply do not need them and which our Federal Government definitely cannot afford. And this bill would invest the savings from repealing these subsidies to extend vital clean energy incentives that have recently expired. It would also save billions of dollars in order to reduce the deficit.  This is a simple vote, really. If you are for subsidizing profitable and polluting industries and raising taxes on clean, innovative, and renewable energy companies, you should not support this bill. But if you are for fiscal responsibility, balancing the Federal budget, and investing in a cleaner energy industry that is less dependent on international oil markets and suppliers, you should vote yes.  If you are against increasing taxes on clean energy sources such as wind, solar, and energy efficiency, you should vote yes. And if you believe that we cannot afford to spend Federal dollars subsidizing an industry that needs no help, you should vote yes.  Oil prices have risen to well above $100 per barrel, and according to AAA, California currently has the highest gasoline prices of any State in the continental United States, currently at $4.30 per gallon of regular unleaded.  But these higher prices are not the result of a change in the cost of producing and refining oil.  According to a Finance Committee analysis of the SEC filings of the three largest oil companies in the United States that filed, it costs them an average of $11 to produce one barrel of oil. At today's prices that is nearly $100 in pure profit for each barrel.  The result is massive oil company profits on the backs of American consumers. Last year, the top five oil companies made more than $135 billion in profit. That is an increase of 80% over what they made in 2010.  Yet the largest oil companies are not using these profits to produce more oil. Oil production for the biggest five oil companies was down 4 percent last year.  Instead of using their enormous revenues to invest in drilling, the big five oil companies are buying back stock, issuing dividends, and lobbying governments.  For example, Shell Oil's profits increased by 54 percent between 2010 and 2011. But its production decreased by 3 percent.  And the American taxpayer is providing oil subsidies that increase profits, stock prices, and dividends--and don't produce more oil or lower gasoline prices.  U.S. taxpayers subsidize these hugely profitable oil companies to the tune of over $2 billion dollars per year, year after year.  Some Members of Congress still believe these subsidies lead to lower gas prices, despite all evidence to the contrary.  As Severin Borenstein, the codirector of University of California Center for the Study of Energy Markets, recently said:       The incremental change in production that might result from      changing oil subsidies will have no impact on world oil      prices, and therefore no impact on gasoline prices.  According to an analysis by the Congressional Research Service, repealing tax subsidies for Big Oil would not result in higher gasoline prices.  CRS concludes that because the current $100-per-barrel price of oil far exceeds the cost of production, it is unlikely that a small increase in taxes would reduce output in a manner that decreases supply resulting in higher gasoline prices.  Yet these subsidies continue.  This bill eliminates five tax subsidies that lower the tax burden for oil companies without producing a public benefit.  These changes will prevent oil companies from deducting things like payments to foreign governments and also prohibit oil companies from claiming that oil production is ``domestic manufacturing'' deserving of incentives designed to help manufacturers compete with Chinese factories.  This legislation also includes the key provisions of the Deepwater Drilling Royalty Relief Prohibition Act, a bill Senator Bill Nelson and I introduced to eliminate royalty relief that rewards dangerous oil drilling methods.  By eliminating sections 344 and 345 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 that provided mandatory royalty relief for deepwater gas and oil production on the Outer Continental Shelf, this bill will ensure that Americans receive fair value for federally owned mineral resources.  In 2005, Congress created this royalty-relief program to encourage exploration and production in the ocean's very deepest waters.  But the BP Deepwater Horizon catastrophe showed that safety and response technologies are not sufficient in deep waters to justify this incentive.  When the Deepwater Horizon well blew out, 11 people died and 17 others were injured. Oil and gas rushed into the Gulf of Mexico for 87 days.  Oil slicks spread across the Gulf of Mexico, tar balls spoiled the pristine white sand beaches of Florida, wetlands were coated with toxic sludge, and more than one-third of Federal waters in the gulf were closed to fishing.  This week, the National Academy of Sciences found that plumes of subsurface oil substantially damaged a community of deep-sea gulf corals.  Drilling in deep water presents substantially more challenges and technical difficulties than drilling in shallow water or on shore.  The ocean currents on the surface and in the water column exert torque pressure on the pipes and cables, which are longer and heavier.  The ocean pressure increases dramatically at depth, and the pressure in a well can exceed 10,000 pounds per square inch.  The volume of drilling mud and fluids is greater, and many technical procedures can only be accomplished with the use of remotely controlled robots thousands of feet below the surface.  Methane hydrate crystals form when methane gas mixes with pressurized cold ocean waters, and the likelihood of these crystals forming increases dramatically at a depth of about 400 meters.  This crystallization repeatedly impeded efforts to stop the gushing oil and was a primary reason it took so long to stop BP's Deepwater Horizon spill.  Bottom line: the risks of drilling for oil in thousands of feet of water are far higher than other oil exploration methods, and spills are both ecologically devastating and hard to stop.  American taxpayers should not forego revenue in order to incentivize this most dangerous form of offshore drilling. It is not good environmental policy, and it is not good energy policy either.  I believe that global warming is the biggest environmental crisis we face, and the biggest culprit of global warming is manmade emissions produced by the combustion of fossil fuels like oil and coal.  That is why I believe it is unconscionable that Congress allowed the taxes on renewable sources of energy to go up on December 31, while taxpayer-funded subsidies continue to finance production of fossil fuels.  I have worked with my colleagues on a number of legislative initiatives designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, increase energy efficiency, and incentivize the use of renewable energy.  One of our biggest victories has been an aggressive fuel economy law, called the Ten in Ten Fuel Economy Act, which was enacted in 2007.  In order to implement this law, the Obama administration has raised fleetwide fuel economy standards to 35.5 mpg in 2016--a 40-percent increase above today's standard. The fleetwide average will rise to 54.5 mpg by 2025.  This is important because these standards will dramatically reduce the economic burden of massive swings in the price of oil and gasoline on American families.  By 2025, the average new car will reduce what an American family spends on gasoline by $5,200 to $6,600 during the life of vehicle, and that is assuming relatively affordable gas prices in the $3 per gallon range.  If prices were to stay at today's levels, this law will save American families even more money.  The other positive development is that the domestic renewable energy industry has grown dramatically over the last few years due to the Federal incentives that are expiring and which this legislation would extend.  The Treasury Grants Program, which expired in December, has helped fund the installation of more than 22,000 renewable energy projects with a generating capacity of more than 14,000 megawatts.  The production tax credit has allowed wind power capacity to more than triple since 2005. If the production tax credit is not extended by the end of this year, Navigant Consulting estimates that annual installations of wind will drop by more than 75 percent, wind-supported jobs will decline from 78,000 in 2012 to 41,000 in 2013, and total wind investment will drop by nearly two-thirds, from $15.6 billion in 2012 to $5.5 billion in 2013.  We simply cannot afford as a nation to abandon the renewable energy industry just as it is emerging as a major force in our economy.  These are private sector jobs in a growing industry that is competing globally.  Just 2 years ago, the United States added more new capacity to produce renewable electricity than it did to produce electricity from natural gas, oil, and coal combined, for the first time. A great deal of this growth can be attributed to government renewable energy incentives. That is where public investment in energy development should go.  The Obama administration has offered up millions of acres of Federal land for oil extraction by oil companies. As a result, production on these Federal lands has increased.  In fact, of the over 12,000 permits that the Obama administration has issued since 2009, 7,000 sit idle.  But the fact is that whether or not the Federal government has opened enough land to oil drilling has almost nothing to do with gas prices, even though many politicians argue it does.  According to a statistical analysis of 36 years of monthly, inflation-adjusted gasoline prices and U.S. domestic oil production by the Associated Press released this month, ``there is no statistical correlation between how much oil comes out of U.S. wells and the price at the pump.''  The AP writes:       If more domestic oil drilling worked as politicians say,      you'd now be paying about $2 a gallon for gasoline. . . .      More oil production in the United States does not mean      consistently lower prices at the pump.  Since February 2009, U.S. oil production has increased 15 percent when seasonally adjusted. Prices in those 3 years went from $2.07 per gallon to $3.58. It was a case of drilling more and paying much more.  U.S. oil production is back to the same level it was in March 2003, when gas cost $2.10 per gallon when adjusted for inflation. But that is not what prices are now.  I don't believe oil companies need taxpayer dollars to help them out. They are already reaping record profits.  Over the last decade, the five largest oil companies have enjoyed nearly $1 trillion in profits and tens of billions of dollars in taxpayer subsidies. Yet we continue to use taxpayer dollars to add to their bottom line. This is unacceptable.  Oil reserves are a public resource. When a private company profits from those public resources, American taxpayers should receive a royalty as compensation. And when oil companies profit by charging $4 per gallon of gas, they should pay income taxes like the rest of us do instead of relying on billions of dollars of tax subsidies to avoid their obligations.  In these critical economic times, every cent of the people's money should be spent wisely.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  