 President, I rise today to pay tribute to a public servant, a social worker, and a tenacious advocate for vulnerable Americans. I rise today to honor a trailblazer and a mentor for me and countless others. I rise today to honor an outstanding U.S. Senator from Maryland and the dean of the Senate women, my friend Barbara Mikulski.  I am privileged to have represented California in this body for almost 20 years. When I first ran for the Senate, back in 1992, I received a call from Barbara Mikulski, personally urging me on and reaching out to provide encouragement.  I have relied on her advice, her friendship, and the Mikulski brand of candor ever since. As a matter of fact, one of my fondest evenings was a three-onion martini right down the street.  It is hard to believe, but when Senator Mikulski took office in 1987, there was only one other woman in this body, Senator Nancy Kassebaum, later Nancy Kassebaum Baker, the great Republican Senator from Kansas. Increasing the number of women in the Senate has been painfully slow. In 1991, the ranks of women in this body rose to three, then later to seven after the 1992 election. Today we have 17 women in this body and 76 in the House. As Senator Mikulski reflected in the Washington Post last year:       Women were so rare even holding statewide political office      [back then] . . . I was greeted with a lot of skepticism from      my male colleagues. Was I going to go the celebrity route or      the Senate route? I had to work very hard.  And she has. Barbara has worked very hard to become an outstanding legislator and a trailblazing public official. Let me list a few of her firsts. She was the first female Democrat to serve in both Chambers of Congress--that in itself is impressive--the first female Democrat to be elected to the Senate without succeeding her husband or her father; the first woman to chair a Senate appropriations subcommittee; the first woman to serve a quarter century in the Senate; and the first woman elevated to a Senate leadership position.  She is the only current Member of Congress in the National Women's Hall of Fame. And she is not done yet. Just last week, Barb achieved another historic first. According to the Senate Historical Office, she reached 12,858 days of service, becoming the longest serving female Member of Congress in our Nation's history.  Senator Mikulski was born and raised in Baltimore. Determined to make a difference in her community--and you know that well, Mr. President--and guided by her Catholic belief and a belief in social justice, she became a social worker, helping at-risk children and educating seniors about Medicare. She once said, ``I feel that I am my brother's keeper and my sister's keeper.'' Social work evolved into community activism when Barb successfully organized communities against a plan to build a highway through Baltimore's Fells Point neighborhood.  Shortly thereafter, in 1971, she was elected to the Baltimore City Council where she served 5 years. That was about the time I was elected to the Board of Supervisors in 1970 in San Francisco. In 1976, she ran for Congress and won, representing Maryland's 3rd District for a decade. She was then elected to the Senate and has won reelection in 1992, 1998, 2004 and 2010 by large majorities.  As I said, Barb is an accomplished legislator. She is also one of the very best. She cares passionately about quality education and ensuring every student has access to higher education. She is a fighter for stem cell research to cure our most tragic and debilitating diseases. She is a tireless advocate for the National Institutes of Health. And she is a leader on women's health, writing law requiring Federal standards for mammograms, and a fearless proponent of breast and cervical cancer screenings and treatment for uninsured women.  We serve together on the Intelligence Committee. She asks some of the most prescient questions. I have seen her commitment to the FBI, to fighting terrorism, and also to cybersecurity where she headed a task force for our committee that has resulted in the cybersecurity legislation newly pending.  Finally, she has led the way to strengthen pay equity for women. The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act is the law of the land today because of Barbara Mikulski's effort. As Barb said when we passed the bill:       I believe that people should be judged solely by their      individual skills, competence, unique talent and nothing else      in the workplace. Once you get a job because of your skill      and talent, you better get equal pay for equal work.  Or, in a manner that best captures Barb's candor, she said, ``Women of America, square your shoulders, put on your lipstick, suit up, and let's close that wage gap once and for all.'' To me, that is classic Barbara Mikulski.  Let me close with a story. Every so often at Barbara's leadership, the Senate women get together for dinner. There is no agenda or staff, just Republican women, Democratic women, and a lot of lively conversation. We talk about our families, we talk about the workplace, we talk about the world, and, of course, we even talk, to some extent, about this place. Sometimes we enjoy Senator Mikulski's world-famous crab cakes, the best you will ever taste, and second only to the Dungeness crab of the west coast, I might add. If you have not, make sure you try the recipe on her Web site. We talk about our families and the way we can work together. It is a throwback to the civility of the Senate. These dinners are when Barb really stands out as the dean of Senate women.  Women in this country have always had to fight for the most basic of rights. I think young women forget that it was not until 1920 that we were able to vote in this country, and it was only because women fought for it. Barb will be the first to say her milestones are symbols of how far she has come. But she will also show us how much farther women have to go.  Today we take it for granted that a woman can be Secretary of State--we have had two--or Speaker of the House--we have had one or a candidate for President. Not quite yet. Oh, no, I take that back. We have had one. And one day soon, a woman will sit in the Oval Office of this great country. When she does, she will owe a great deal to Barbara Mikulski.  But on this day, let the Congressional Record of this Senate reflect and forever record that Senator Barbara Mikulski is the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress, and this country is forever better because of it.  I yield the floor.  