 The CEO who called me said, I didn't know that. Thank you. I have no problem with that.  So I would ask my colleagues who have voted against this bill to reconsider. We are never going to do the perfect bill. The bills are going to have to be changed and amended as time goes on. But I think passing a bill is important. I think to leave this country vulnerable, not to pass a bill because somebody doesn't like this part or that part, is negligent, it is irresponsible, and God forbid if we have that major cyber Pearl Harbor that Secretary Panetta referred to in his speech. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill.  I thank the Chair for the extra time, yield the floor and ask that my remaining remarks be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Let me describe what the information sharing title does      specifically.       First, title VII explicitly authorizes companies to search      for cybersecurity threats on their own networks and to take      appropriate actions to defend their networks against these      threats.       Many companies monitor and defend their own networks today,      in order to protect themselves and their customers.       But we have heard from numerous companies that the law in      this area is unclear, and that sometimes it is less risky,      from a liability perspective, to just hope attacks don't      happen than to take additional steps to defend themselves.       So this bill will make the law crystal clear by giving      companies explicit authority to monitor and defend their own      networks.       Second, the bill clearly authorizes private companies to      share cyber threat information with each other.       There have been concerns that antitrust laws or other      statutes prevent companies from cooperating on cyber defense.      This bill, section 702, clearly says: ``notwithstanding any      other provision of law, any private entity may disclose      lawfully obtained cybersecurity threat indicators to any      other private entity in accordance with this section.''       Third, the bill authorizes the government--which will      largely mean, in practice, the intelligence community--to      share classified information about cyber threats with      appropriately cleared organizations, such as companies,      outside of the government.       Today, only government employees and contractors are      eligible to receive security clearances and therefore gain      access to national secrets. To put it another way, those with      a valid ``need to know'' national security secrets are      usually within the government or working for the government.       That isn't true for cyber security. The companies that      underpin our Nation's economy and way of life have a ``need      to know'' about the nature of cyber attacks so they can      better secure their systems.       So under this bill, companies able to qualify to receive      classified information will be certified and then be able to      obtain classified information about what cyber threats to      look out for.       Fourth, the bill establishes a system for any private      sector entity--whether a power utility, a defense contractor,      a telecom company, or others--to share cyber threat      information with the government.       This is the piece that General Alexander--the Director of      the National Security Agency and the Commander of U.S. Cyber      Command--says is absolutely necessary for the protection of      the United States.       Here is how the provision works:       The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with      the Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, and the      Director of National Intelligence, would designate a federal      cybersecurity exchange. This would be an office or center      that already exists, and already shares and receives cyber      threat information.       Private companies would share cyber threat information with      the exchange directly. The exchange must be a civilian      entity; I expect it would be within the Department of      Homeland Security.       Let me stop there. Why not have this portal or exchange be      in the military or the NSA? There are two reasons:       First, we are talking here about the protection of the      government's network--the dot.gov network--and the computer      systems outside of the government. We are not talking about      protecting the dot.mil network and the Department of Defense,      and we are not talking about actions that the military takes      overseas. Protection of the private sector--of the electrical      grid or Wall Street--is simply not the military's or NSA's      responsibility.       Second, there is, for good reason, major concern among      privacy advocates not to have private sector information,      which could include Americans' banking records, or email      traffic, or health care records, being shared by companies      with the military or intelligence community.       In drafting this bill, we heard from several Senators for      whom having a military exchange was a complete non-starter.      We worked with Senators Durbin, Franken, Coons, Akaka,      Blumenthal, and Sanders, and others to craft this language      putting a civilian entity in the lead.       General Keith Alexander, the Director of the National      Security Agency, also supports this model. He wrote, in his      July 31 letter to Senator Reid: ``The American people must      have confidence that threat information is being shared      appropriately and in the most transparent way possible.      That is why I support information to be shared through a      civilian entity, with real-time, rule-based sharing of      cyber security threat indicators with all relevant Federal      partners.'' General Alexander is the top military and      intelligence official on cyber saying that he supports a      civilian exchange.       So we have the Federal exchange. Companies will use the      exchange, as a portal and information will be sent      automatically and instantaneously to other parts of the      government. This is what General Alexander was describing.       This part is critical. We are not talking about information      going to an office in the Department of Homeland Security and      waiting for someone to look at it and figure out whether to      share it and with whom.       This is an automatic, instantaneous process. Information      comes in and is automatically shared with other departments      and agencies.       The bill requires that procedures be put in place so that      information is shared in real-time. This has to be done      automatically, so that cyber defense systems can move to      identify and disrupt a cyber attack as it is coming over the      networks.       I discussed this recently with a CEO of a high-tech      company. He was concerned that information wouldn't reach the      Department of Defense. I explained that our bill would      provide instantaneous sharing to DOD. He said that would      satisfy his concerns. So this is a major point.       Having a single focal point is also more efficient for the      government. It will help eliminate stovepipes because right      now there are dozens of different parts of the government      receiving information from the private sector about the cyber      threats they are encountering, and no one agency has the      responsibility to ensure the information is shared with other      parts of the government.       It would also make privacy and civil liberties oversight      easier, as I will describe in a moment. Finally, it should      save tax payers money, because it is more efficient to manage      and oversee the operation of one designated cybersecurity      exchange versus a half dozen or more parts of the government.       Now let me describe the liability protections, because that      is a critical part of title VII.       Section 706 of the bill provides liability protection for      the voluntary sharing of cyber threat information with the      federal cybersecurity exchange.       The bill reads: ``no civil or criminal cause of action      shall lie or be maintained in any Federal or State court      against any entity [meaning a company] acting as authorized      by this title, and any such action shall be dismissed      promptly for . . . the voluntary disclosure of a lawfully      obtained cybersecurity threat indicator to a cybersecurity      exchange.''       In other words, a company is immune from lawsuit if it      shares cyber threat information with a Federal exchange.       The same immunity applies to:       Companies who monitor their own networks;       Cybersecurity companies who share threat information with      their customers;       Companies that share information with a critical      infrastructure owner or operator; or       Companies who share threat information with other      companies, as long as they also share that information with      the Federal cybersecurity exchange within a reasonable time.       If a company shared information in a way other than the      five ways I just mentioned, it still receives a legal defense      under this bill from suit if the company can make a      reasonable good faith showing that the information sharing      provisions permitted that sharing.       Further, no civil or criminal cause of action can be      brought against a company or an officer, employee, or agency      of a company for the reasonable failure to act on information      received through the information sharing mechanisms set up by      this bill.       Basically, the only way that anyone participating in the      information sharing system can be held liable is if they are      found to have knowingly violated a provision of the bill or      acted in gross negligence.       So there are very strong liability protections in this bill      for anyone that shares information about cyber threats--which      is completely voluntarily.       In addition to narrowly defining what information can be      shared with an exchange, our bill also requires the Federal      government to adopt a very robust privacy and civil liberties      oversight regime for information shared under this title.      There are multiple layers of oversight from different parts      of the executive branch, including the Department of Justice      and the independent Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight      Board, as well as the Congress.       Consider this: In October, General Alexander--the Director      of the NSA--and Anthony Romero, the Executive Director of the      ACLU, spoke together on a cybersecurity roundtable at the      Woodrow Wilson Center. General Alexander praised title VII's      approach to information sharing, and Mr. Romero said ``I      think it strikes the right balance.'' It is not often that      the Director of the NSA and the Executive Director of the      ACLU agree on legislation. If they can, I would hope that the      Senate can come together as well.       The time to act is now. The cyber threat we face is real,      it is serious, and it is growing. The country is vulnerable,      and this legislation is essential. I urge my colleagues to      support the motion to proceed and to support the bill.  