 President, I rise to thank the distinguished Senator from New Jersey for his remarks, and most particularly for the remarks of my friend and colleague from California. She has fought this fight along with the dean of our women, Senator Mikulski, year after year and time after time.  Before I speak about the Blunt amendment, I wanted to express that the retirement or announced perspective retirement of Senator Olympia Snowe is, for me, a heartbreak. I have regarded her as one of the most impressive Senators in our body. She still has many good years ahead of her. I have had the pleasure of working with her on a number of bills. Most importantly, we did really the only fuel economy improvement that had been done in 20 years in the 10-over-10 bill. What is interesting about it is it was a bipartisan bill and it got passed thanks to Senator Ted Stevens who was Vice-Chairman of the Commerce Committee at the time and it was put in his bill. So it was really quite wonderful to see that happen.  This is my 20th year here, along with my friend and colleague SenatorBoxer, and over the last 10 years what I have seen is more and more attacks on women and women's health, stemming largely from the abortion debates, but not only that. We have fought--and Senator Mikulski has led the way--for equal pay, we have fought against discrimination, attacks on Title X Family Planning grants, attempts to defund Planned Parenthood, and attempts to limit access to preventive health care such as contraception. These attacks to limit a woman's right to make her own reproductive health care choices have now escalated to an unprecedented level. I am not going to go into the specifics of some of them, but trust me, I never thought I would see people in public office put forward some of the bills out there. I believe strongly that all women should have access to comprehensive reproductive care, and should be able to decide for themselves how to use that care regardless of where they work or what insurance they have.  The other side of the aisle has tried to take away access not only to contraception but also primary and preventive screenings for low-income women that are provided by the Title X Family Planning program and by Planned Parenthood. Title X programs serve over 5 million Americans nationwide, Planned Parenthood almost 3 million. They are not minor, they are major, and for many individuals it is their only source of care. And now here we are defending not just women's rights but the rights of all Americans to have access to essential and preventive health care benefits.  I strongly oppose this latest attack in the form of the Blunt amendment, and I join my colleagues on the floor to speak about the harm that this amendment will do.  I think it was stated by Senator Menendez that the amendment is vague. In its vagueness it becomes a predicate for any provider, employer, or insurer to decline to provide to cover a myriad of health care benefits simply on the basis of religious beliefs or moral conviction. There is no statement in the legislation as to what the religious belief or moral conviction has to be, when it begins, or when it ends. It is an excuse as to why they do not want to do something.  What does this mean? Well, what it means in reality is 20 million women could be denied any preventive health care benefits, including contraception, mammograms, prenatal screenings, and cervical cancer screenings. In addition, 14 million children--and this is right--could be denied, under this Blunt amendment, access to recommended preventive services including routine immunizations, necessary preventive health screenings for infants, and developmental screenings.  In my State alone an estimated 6.2 million individuals--2.3 women, 1.6 million children, and 2 million men--could be denied access to the preventive health services afforded to them by the health reform law, which incidentally is four typewritten pages, single spaced, a list of preventive health services. This debate is not about religious freedom. It is about allowing providers and employers the right to deny access to care for autism screening, STD and cancer screenings, and well-baby exams for any reason. All they have to say is they have a moral concern with it, that their conscience bothers them.  For instance, any employer could refuse to cover screening for type 2 diabetes because of moral objections to a perceived unhealthy lifestyle. A health plan could refuse to cover maternity coverage for an interracial couple because they have a religious or moral objection to such a relationship. The only thing this amendment does is protect the right to deny. It doesn't give anything. It allows denial. It does nothing to protect the rights of employees to access fundamental health care.  The radical wing of the Republican Party does not speak for most of the women in this country. About 100 organizations nationwide oppose this amendment, including the National Partnership for Women and Families, National Physicians Alliance, Human Rights Campaign, and the American Public Health Association.  Earlier we heard from an intensive care nurse who had worked 37 years in intensive care in a Boston hospital who said people get the best care essentially when the politicians stay away, and I believe that. I have heard to date--and I am sure Senator Boxer has heard from a similar number--from 11,500 constituents in my State, Senator Boxer's State, who oppose this amendment and have grave concerns about its implications. I don't need to tell the women in this body that we have had to fight for our rights. No one has given women anything without a fight. We had to fight for our right to inherit property, our right to go to college, our right to vote, and for the last 10 years, the right to control our own reproductive systems. We will continue to fight the Blunt amendment and other attempts to roll back the clock.  I urge my colleagues to think carefully about the long-reaching implications of this amendment and oppose it. Senator Boxer shared with me a letter, and she indicated that she had read one part of it. I wish to read another part of it. This is a letter from Patrick Kennedy to Scott Brown, and I want to read this paragraph because it involves someone everybody on this floor knows sat right over there at that desk for years and was known as the lion of the Senate. When he stood on his feet, everyone listened. Here is what Patrick Kennedy said:       My father believed that health care providers should be      allowed a conscience exemption from performing any service      that conflicted with their faith. That's what was in his 1995      law and what he referenced to the Pope. That is completely      different than the broad language of the Blunt amendment that      will allow any employer, or even an insurance company, to use      vague moral objections as an excuse to refuse to provide      health care coverage. My father never would have supported      this extreme legislation.  It is signed Patrick Kennedy, and I believe Senator Boxer put the letter in the Record so anyone who wishes to see the whole letter has access to it. But I hope this amendment is defeated on the floor.  I see the distinguished Senator from the neighboring State, Maryland, the dean of the women, is on the floor.  I will yield the floor.  