 President, I would like to speak in opposition to the Paul amendment, and to put this debate over foreign aid in some context.  As chairman of the Intelligence Committee, I see the threats this Nation faces around the world.  We are no longer in a world where we can focus on ballistic missiles from Russia or troops pouring into Europe through the Fulda Gap. Instead, we face asymmetric threats--terrorist attacks, the potential use of chemical weapons, and the thousands of attempted cyber intrusions that hit our networks every day.  In this environment, our partnerships with other nations are more important than ever, as attacks can emanate from anywhere, and the responses to those threats often require bilateral or multilateral support.  I agree with Senator Paul that there are areas where other nations can and should do more to combat these threats; after all, terrorism and extremist ideologies are not U.S. problems, they are global problems.  On the subject of Pakistan, I strongly agree that Dr. Shakil Afridi should be released from prison.  He helped play an important role in making the intelligence case that Usama bin Laden was at that compound in Abbottabad, and his actions helped this Nation eliminate the world's most wanted target.  I had the opportunity to make this case directly to Pakistan's Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar and Pakistan's Ambassador to the United States Sherry Rehman in a meeting on Wednesday.  But is the appropriate response to cut off all U.S. assistance to Pakistan--including economic and humanitarian assistance--because of Dr. Afridi? No, clearly, it is not.  I joined an effort by Senator Graham on the Foreign Operations Appropriations bill to cut $33 million in Foreign Military Financing for Pakistan in FY 2013--$1 million for every year of Dr. Afridi's prison sentence. It was a targeted effort, and it enabled us to send a public message to Pakistan.  The United States and Pakistan have had a series of confrontations over the past couple of years, and the relationship has been sorely tested. There has been fault on both sides.  And we are now improving our coordination and partnership in key areas, including on counterterrorism. We absolutely need to continue to press Pakistan to do more, and to release Dr. Afridi--and we are.  But eliminating all foreign assistance without a national security waiver is a knee-jerk reaction that will cause the United States more harm than good.  The amendment would also cut off all foreign assistance to the nascent governments in Egypt and Libya because elements of their populace or foreign fighters attacked the U.S. Embassy in Cairo and the consulate in Benghazi.  Both of those governments have denounced the attacks, and both have increased the security they are providing to U.S. missions.  We are still learning who was behind these attacks, whether motivated solely by a stupid video put out by someone with no regard for religious tolerance or the safety of Americans overseas or by terrorist elements who used the protests as a pretext to carry out an agenda of violence against the United States.  But one thing is pretty clear: the anger and violence directed against the United States by the people of Libya, Egypt, and perhaps numerous other Middle Eastern countries will not be lessened by reducing American aid.  The Paul amendment goes even further, though. It would prohibit any direct U.S. assistance to any country in which a U.S. diplomatic facility was attacked, trespassed upon, breached, or attempted to be attacked, trespassed upon, or breached even if the host government provided every possible measure of security and support, and no matter how small the infraction.  I believe in a strategy of engagement. I believe that the United States should work with countries to root out terrorists and denounce extremism of all forms.  And I believe that we should use foreign aid--which, by the way, accounts for only 1 percent of the U.S. government's budget--to bring humanitarian relief, support democratization, and help other governments improve their own security and law enforcement efforts to defeat terrorism and extremism.  Indeed, at this time, we should look to the example set by Ambassador Chris Stevens, a man who dedicated himself to learning the language and the culture of the Middle East and promoting the universal values of democracy, human rights and the rule of law--from his time as a Peace Corps volunteer in Morocco, to tours as aForeign Service Officer in Jerusalem, Damascus, Riyadh, and Cairo, and, finally, as our Ambassador to a democratic Libya.  Ambassador Stevens worked tirelessly to help the people of Libya build a new country and new future after years of brutal dictatorship.  He knew that path would not be easy and there would be many challenges. But he also knew that the Libyan people could succeed and that leadership and support from the United States would be crucial.  This amendment will turn America away from the commitment to the Middle East that Ambassador Stevens championed and towards isolation.  It will harm America's interests, will harm our national security, and will promote anti-Americanism in precisely the parts of the world where we need to be more, not less, engaged.  I urge my colleagues to oppose the Paul amendment. 