 President, I rise today to express my support for S. 3326, a trade package that includes legislation sponsored by myself and Senator McConnell to renew the import ban on Burma for another year.  I have been involved in the struggle for freedom and democracy in Burma for 15 years.  In 1997, former Senator William Cohen and I authored legislation requiring the President to ban new U.S. investment in Burma if he determined that the Government of Burma had physically harmed, rearrested or exiled Aung San Suu Kyi or committed large-scale repression or violence against the democratic opposition.  President Clinton issued the ban in a 1997 Executive order.  In 2003, after the regime attempted to assassinate Aung San Suu Kyi, Senator McConnell and I introduced the Burmese Freedom and Democracy Act of 2003, which placed a complete ban on imports from Burma. It allowed that ban to be renewed one year at a time.  It was signed into law and has been renewed annually since then.  It expired on July 26 which is why this legislation is before us today.  In past years, the debate on renewing the import ban on Burma has focusedon more than two decades of violence, oppression, and human rights abuses by the ruling Burmese military.  They annulled the last free parliamentary elections won by Aung San Suu Kyi and the National League for Democracy.  They kept Suu Kyi in prison or under house arrest, detained hundreds of political prisoners, and ignored democracy, human rights, and the rule of law.  They drafted a new constitution that maintained the military's grip on power and prevented Suu Kyi and her party from participating in the political process.  But, I am pleased to report that this year is different. We have seen some remarkable changes in Burma over the past year which appear to have put Burma on the path of reform and rejoining the international community.  Hundreds of political prisoners have been released.  New legislation broadening the rights of political and civic associations has been enacted; and negotiations with ethnic minority groups have begun and some cease-fires have taken effect.  In addition, Suu Kyi and her National League for Democracy, NLD, were allowed to compete in by-elections for 45 open seats in the new parliament in April 2012.  Suu Kyi and the NLD won 43 of the 44 seats they contested.  For those of us who have been inspired by her courage, her dedication to peace and her tireless efforts for freedom and democracy, it was a thrilling and deeply moving event. Years of sacrifice and hard work had shown results--the people of Burma had spoken with a clear voice in support of freedom and democracy.  The United States has responded to this reform process in a number of ways.  Secretary Clinton traveled to Burma last December and met with Suu Kyi and President Thein Sein.  The United States and Burma resumed full diplomatic relations, with Ambassador Derek Mitchell becoming the first U.S. ambassador to Burma in 22 years.  Earlier this month, the administration announced that it was suspending U.S. sanctions on providing financial services to Burma and investing in Burma.  I supported these actions. It is entirely appropriate to acknowledge the steps Burma has already taken and encourage additional reforms.  Some may ask then: why stop there? Given the reforms, why renew the import ban?  The fact of the matter is, the reforms are not irreversible and the Government of Burma still needs to do more to respond to the legitimate concerns of the people of Burma and the international community.  First, it must address the dominant role of the military in Burma under the new constitution.  The military is guaranteed 25 percent of the seats without elections and remains independent of any civilian oversight.  In addition, the commander in chief of the military has the authority to dismiss the government and rule the country under martial law.  It goes without saying that such powers are incompatible with a truly democratic government.  Second, Burma must stop all violence against ethnic minorities. I am particularly concerned about reports that the Burmese military is continuing attacks in Kachin State, displacing thousands of civilians and killing others.  Third, the government must release all political prisoners.  I applaud the decision of the Government of Burma to release hundreds of political prisoners, including a number of high-profile democracy and human rights activists.  Yet, according to the State Department, hundreds more remain in detention.  Unfortunately, the Government of Burma maintains there are no more political prisoners. We must keep the pressure on Burma until all democracy and human rights activists are free and able to resume their lives and careers.  I believe that renewing this ban will help keep Burma on the path to full democratization and national reconciliation and support the work of Suu Kyi, the democratic opposition, and the reformists in the ruling government.  It will give the administration additional leverage to convince Burma to stay on the right path.  And the administration will still have the authority to waive or suspend the import ban--as it has suspended sanctions on investment and financial services--if the Government of Burma took the appropriate actions.  If we do not renew the import ban, however, and Burma backslides on reform and democratization, we would have to pass a new law to reimpose the ban.  By passing this legislation, we ensure that the administration has the flexibility it needs to respond to events in Burma as it as done so with financial services and investment.  Suu Kyi herself has argued that ``sanctions have been effective in persuading the government to go for change.''  I think renewing the import ban will push it to go further.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  