 President, today I have filed Amendment No. 1536 to the pending surface transportation reauthorization bill. This amendment is also supported by Senator Boxer.  This amendment would change the railcar procurement rules to allow transit systems to contract for delivery of railcars for up to 5 years from the date of delivery of the first railcar.  Current law requires the purchase of buses and railcars to be completedwithin 5 years of the date the contract is signed, not the date of the first delivery.  So this amendment would give transit operators the chance to sign larger and more cost effective contracts, which in some cases can save substantial money.  The current rules do not make sense for rail operators. They are designed to stimulate competition among manufacturers, and they prevent transit agencies from locking themselves into contracts for outdated buses in a market that is constantly evolving and advancing technologically.  But these rules do not recognize the reality of purchasing and producing railcars.  A light rail system's car designs must maintain a basic design for compatibility reasons, so rules designed to promote innovative design have little benefit.  But by forcing the transit rail agency to buy cars with the same basic design in two orders instead of one, these rules almost certainly increase total costs. It may also lead to the purchase of different models from two different orders, increasing maintenance costs in the future.  For instance, the Bay Area Rapid Transit System, or BART, is replacing its entire fleet of 669 railcars and buying an additional 106 for an expansion project.  BART's railcars have been in use for about 50 years, and they have become too costly to maintain. It is clearly time that they be replaced.  The current 5 year procurement rule, however, would force BART to issue two small procurements, instead of one large one.  BART estimates this will cost taxpayers and transit riders $325 million and they will buy the same number of cars either way.  This amendment would allow transit agencies like BART to sign one single contract, to purchase in bulk, and to save money for strapped systems.  Buying in bulk means cheaper flooring, seats, and all other component parts needed to build a railcar. BART also risks increased prices of component parts between contracts.  This amendment empowers transit systems to apply lessons learned from the airline industry in order to make transit more efficient and less costly.  As BART has pointed out in their letter on this amendment, Southwest Airlines is their model.  Southwest flies only Boeing 737s, making it the lowest cost maintenance system in the country. BART wants a single railcar design, to bring about the same type of savings.  BART hopes to purchase one model and keep their maintenance costs low as well.  The bottom line is this amendment gets Federal rules out of the way of transit agencies that want to use their market power.  It helps transit get the best possible price when purchasing equipment.  It stretches limited Federal dollars much, much further.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and ensure that taxpayers' money is used in an efficient manner. During these critical economic times, every cent of the people's money should be spent wisely.  