 President, I rise to address the conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 which we will vote on later today.  I will vote yes on this bill as I did on last year's bill even though nothing in it effectively addresses indefinite military detention, which 67 Members of this body are now on record opposing.  My colleagues will recall that I introduced, with a large bipartisan group of cosponsors, an amendment that provided that U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents who are apprehended on U.S. soil cannot be detained indefinitely, without charge or trial. The Senate passed this amendment by an overwhelming bipartisan vote, 67 to 29. I am saddened and disappointed that this detention amendment was dropped in conference. I don't understand why we could not ensure that, at the very least, American citizens and green card holders cannot be held indefinitely without charge or trial. As I have said over the past few days, to me this is a no-brainer and is a real missed opportunity.  The main reason I support this bill is because it authorizes $640.7 billion for fiscal year 2013 for the Department of Defense.  This funding ensures our troops deployed around the world--especially those in Afghanistan--have the equipment, resources, and training they need to defend this Nation. For example, the Defense bill fully funds the President's budget request of $5.7 billion to build the capacity of the Afghan National Security Forces so those forces can take over for U.S. forces and take the security lead throughout Afghanistan by 2014.  The Defense authorization bill will also provide the resources necessary to support our defense strategies and allow our military to modernize equipment worn out after 11 years of war in the difficult battlefield environments of Afghanistan and Iraq.  Such resources include investments in our Global Hawk unmanned aircraft, which provide critical intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance information. These aircraft have also provided crucial support for disaster response efforts, including for rescue workers in the wake of the earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear disaster in Japan.  To increase diplomatic security around the world and so that we learn from the mistakes that took the lives of four Americans in Benghazi, this bill requires the Secretary of Defense to develop a plan to increase--by up to 1,000--the number of marines in the Marine Corps security guard program to be able to deploy them to troubled facilities to protect our personnel abroad.  As I mentioned, the Senate overwhelmingly passed, on a 67 to 29 vote, the amendment to ban the indefinite detention of U.S. persons--citizens and green card holders--without charge or trial.  The amendment would have updated the Non-Detention Act of 1971, which clearly states:       No citizen shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the      United States except pursuant to an act of Congress.  The amendment would have built on the Non-Detention Act of 1971 so that it applies to not just U.S. citizens but also to green card holders. It would have provided that no military authorization allows indefinite detention of U.S. citizens and green card holders apprehended inside the United States.  The detention amendment stated:       An authorization to use military force, a declaration of      war, or any similar authority shall not authorize the      detention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful      permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the      United States unless an Act of Congress expressly authorizes      such detention.  Unfortunately, as soon as the amendment passed, the language was misrepresented by critics on the left as well as proponents of indefinite military detention on the right, particularly after a handful of Senators who previously opposed this effort switched their vote at the last minute.  Make no mistake, the amendment is not a Trojan horse designed to surreptitiously authorize indefinite detention in the United States. The text of the amendment is clear, and the legal experts I consulted on the amendment agree.  For example, Stephen Vladeck of American University, a law professor who has litigated military detention issues in the Supreme Court and an expert on national security law, testified this year before the Senate Judiciary Committee on S. 2003, the Due Process Guarantee Act, which is almost identical to the detention amendment to the Defense authorization bill. Professor Vladeck reviewed the statements of support for the amendment by Senators Carl Levin and Lindsey Graham--both of whom advocated indefinite military detention powers in the past.  Professor Vladeck wrote:       The Graham/Levin colloquy sought to cast [the Feinstein]      language as doing exactly the opposite of what it says, i.e.,      as confirming that U.S. citizens can be detained even within      the territorial United States pursuant to the logic of the      Supreme Court's opinion in Hamdi [v. Rumsfeld].  Professor Vladeck concluded that Senators Levin and Graham were ``exactly wrong'' because ``the plain text of the bill is simply irreconcilable with that understanding.''  In another article, Vladeck and Georgetown Law Professor Marty Lederman, another expert on military detention and national security, wrote:       If it were to be enacted, the amendment would ensure that a      future president could not construe the September 18, 2001      Authorization for Use of Force (AUMF), the FY2012 NDAA, or      any comparable statute to authorize the military detention of      citizens and LPRs [lawful permanent residents] apprehended      within the United States.  I agree with these law professors--with whom I worked, in fact, on the drafting of my bill and amendment. It is true the courts have previously reached ambiguous and conflicting decisions regarding whether U.S. persons apprehended on American soil may be subject to indefinite detention under the laws of war. However, far from adding to this ambiguity, I am confident this amendment would bring much-needed clarification to this area of the law.  The Feinstein detention amendment would have updated the Non-Detention Act of 1971 which Congress passed to repudiate the shameful Japanese-American internment experience during World War II. That 1971 landmark legislation, which liberal critics of the detention amendment have made no effort to overturn, protected only U.S. citizens from detention. In contrast, the amendment broadens protections from indefinite detention, protecting both green card holders, called ``lawful permanent residents'', as well as citizens.  At a time when civil liberties are under attack, we should not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. As Professors Lederman and Vladeck note, ``The new Feinstein amendment . . . does protect the vast majority of persons in the United States from noncriminal detention without express statutory authorization . . . .''  As I said during the floor debate on the amendment, I would support extending the protections in the amendment to all persons in the United States, whether lawfully or unlawfully present, but so far we have lacked sufficient support in the Senate to do this. Most Republican cosponsors of the bill said they would not support the legislation if it went that far.  Other critics misrepresent the language of the amendment by charging that it could be read to imply there is an authorization to indefinitely detain illegal immigrants and legal visitors in the United States. In doing this, they ignore the language in paragraph 3 that explicitly prevents such an interpretation. Paragraph 3 of the amendment clarifies that the text to be added to the Non-Detention Act of 1971 ``shall not be construed to authorize the detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful permanent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States.'' Again, don't take my word for it. Professors Lederman and Vladeck say that the amendment ``would do nothing of the sort.''  The bottom line: Indefinite military detention is incompatible with our values, and this amendment would have been a major step forward to make sure we never return to the dark chapter of American history when we detained Japanese-American citizens out of fear during World War II.  Mr. President, some have pointed to section 1029 of the conference report and said that it accomplishes what the Feinstein amendment would have done. That is not true.  The amendment offered by Congressman Gohmert regarding habeas corpus, which is now section 1029 of the underlying conference report, does nothing except restate that constitutional rights to file a habeas claim can't be denied.  Consider the exact text of this section, which reads:       SEC. 1029. RIGHTS UNAFFECTED.       Nothing in the Authorization for Use of Military Force or      the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012      shall be construed to deny the availability of the writ of      habeas corpus or to deny any Constitutional rights in a court      ordained or established by or under Article III of the      Constitution to any person inside the United States who would      be entitled to the availability of such writ or to such      rights in the absence of such laws.  This provision doesn't do anything to add to the rights of individuals inside the United States, such as citizens, because the writ of habeas corpus is a constitutional right to appear before a judge to challenge the legality of an individual's incarceration.  During the colonial period, habeas corpus was understood as a writ available to a prisoner, ordering his jailer to appear with the prisoner before a court of general jurisdiction and to justify the confinement.  In the Constitution, after enumerating the powers of Congress, the drafters inserted language guaranteeing the right to habeas when they stated, ``The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.''  So habeas is a constitutional right that already applies to all individuals found in the United States, and habeas rights even extend to noncitizen detainees held in Guantanamo, who have never even set foot in the United States.  This was the issue before the Supreme Court in the case of Rasul v. Bush, 2004 where, in a 6-to-3 opinion written by Justice John Paul Stevens, the Court found that noncitizen detainees at Guantanamo had habeas corpus rights. Justice Stevens also wrote that the right to habeas corpus is not dependent on citizenship status. The detainees were therefore free to bring a habeas claim challenging their detention as unconstitutional.  Because the Constitution already grants this right explicitly--legislation purporting to grant this right is ineffective and simply empty words, meant to make lawmakers feel good but not actually adding anything to the rights of the American people.  The question is not whether Americans still have constitutional rights to habeas. Of course that right and others that are guaranteed by the Constitution remain in place. Rather, the question is, Should the military be allowed to indefinitely detain U.S. citizens in the first place? Should we allow the military to patrol our streets and pick up citizens? I believe the answer to that question--both here in the Senate and across the Nation--is a resounding no.  So I will continue to work to correct the flaws of the Fiscal Year 2012 National Defense Authorization Act, and I look forward to the continued support of the 67 of my colleagues who voted for the Feinstein amendment this year.  I am confident that eventually we will build the support for this amendment that we need on the House side too. Therefore, it is only a matter of time before we prevail. The Feinstein detention amendment is what the American people want, and it would guarantee the fundamental liberty that they deserve.  