 President, I rise today to stand in support of equal pay for equal work.  Forty-nine years ago, the Equal Pay Act was signed into law. Yet, gender-based wage discrimination remains a serious problem for women in the U.S. workplace and it has very real implications for their families.  Today we will vote on legislation that is a matter of basic justice and fairness. The Paycheck Fairness Act will update the Equal Pay Act by closing loopholes and strengthening incentives to prevent pay discrimination by employers.  Without a doubt, the Equal Pay Act has helped women achieve significant progress in the workplace. However, the gender pay gap remains just as real today as it was almost 50 years ago.  It is true: Although women make up about half of today's workforce, women still earn only about 77 percent of what men earn. That's wrong.  Women in the workplace, the women who head households or earn the only paycheck in a family--the women in the trenches of this economy--know this fundamental truth:  The gender wage gap exists--it is not a myth.  It has implications for families and our economy.  It has been with us too long and we have a chance and obligation to fix it.  I have heard lots of stories about paycheck disparities in California. I know my colleagues have heard similar stories from women in their states.  In-depth studies reveal the existence of gender pay disparities, regardless of age, occupation, education or marital status.  According to the National Partnership for Women & Families, the pay gap has been narrowing by one-half of a cent every year since 1963.  This means, without Congressional action, women will not achieve pay parity with men until the year 2056.  Let me share a story about a woman from Sylmar, CA who worked at a local retail store. She wrote me a letter and said:       I know firsthand about unequal pay for equal jobs. I worked      with two male associates, all doing the same job. I was hired      at 25 cents more an hour than the two males because I had      more job experience.       Less than six months later, I learned that one of the males      had received a `merit raise' which put his hourly rate higher      than mine. He had been absent many times.       When I asked for a merit raise, based on no absences, good      customer comments and always going above and beyond in my      job, I was told by male management: ``You don't deserve a      merit raise.''  The discrimination was obvious.  In California, there are 5.3 million children--2.6 million households--wholly or partially dependent on a mother's earnings.  According to recent census estimates, in California, the average pay for a woman working full time, year round is $41,302 per year, while the average for a man is $49,453.  This means that women are paid 84 cents for every dollar paid to men.  Put another way, this amounts to a yearly gap of $8,151 between full-time working men and women in the State.  The figures are even worse for women of color. African American women earned about 62 cents and Latinas only 57 cents for every $1 earned by a male.  As a group, full-time working women in California lose approximately $36 billion each year due to the wage gap.  According to the National Partnership for Women and Families, if the wage gap were eliminated, a working woman in California would have enough money for approximately 62 more weeks of food, four more months of mortgage and utilities payments, seven more months of rent, 25 more months of family health insurance premiums or 1,914 additional gallons of gas.  Equal pay in not only a women's issue--millions of families rely on a woman's paycheck for its family's earnings.  Women are critical to driving this economy. So ensuring equal pay for equal work benefits the entire economy.  When women earn less than men, fewer dollars are available to go back into the economy as consumer spending.  As we emerge from one of the worst recessions in history, the Paycheck Fairness Act would ensure that American women and their families aren't bringing home smaller paychecks because of discrimination. Let's pass this commonsense bill and move one step closer to paycheck fairness.  