 President, I rise to speak in strong support of Judge Jacqueline Nguyen's nomination. She was unanimously approved by the Judiciary Committee. She is an outstanding jurist with a 10-year track record of success as a trial judge in my State.  I recommended Judge Nguyen to President Obama to the district court in 2009 after my bipartisan judicial selection committee gave her its highest recommendation. The Senate confirmed her then unanimously 97 to 0 in 2009. I have no doubt she will be an outstanding circuit court judge, and I hope my colleagues will support her nomination.  Judge Nguyen earned her bachelor's degree from Occidental College and her law degree from the UCLA School of Law.  After law school, she practiced commercial law for 4 years with the law firm of Musick, Peeler & Garrett. She then moved into public service, becoming an assistant U.S. attorney in Los Angeles. During her 7 years there, she prosecuted a broad array of crimes, including violent crimes, narcotics trafficking, organized crime, gun cases, and all kinds of fraud.  In 2000 she received a special commendation from FBI Director Louis Freeh for obtaining the first conviction ever in the United States against a defendant for providing material support to a designated terrorist organization.  The Justice Department recognized her with numerous other awards and commendations for superior performance, and she was promoted to Deputy Chief of the General Crimes Section.  In 2002 Governor Gray Davis appointed Judge Nguyen to the Los Angeles superior court, where she established a track record of success as a distinguished jurist.  In 2009 President Obama nominated her to the district court on my recommendation, and she was confirmed unanimously.  Over nearly 10 years, as a State and Federal judge, Judge Nguyen has presided over thousands of cases, including 75 jury trials and 12 bench trials. She prizes fairness and integrity, and treats all parties fairly and with respect.  Those who know Judge Nguyen--including two former U.S. attorneys appointed by President George W. Bush--have praised Judge Nguyen for her first-rate legal mind and judicial temperament.  Debra Yang, who led the U.S. Attorney's Office from 2002 to 2006, after being appointed by President George W. Bush, submitted a letter to the Judiciary Committee in support of Judge Nguyen's nomination.  Yang says that she ``would make an excellent Federal . . . court judge.'' She also reports that her ``reputation among . . . colleagues is tremendous.''  Thomas O'Brien, who was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush in 2007, has also submitted a letter endorsing Judge Nguyen's nomination. O'Brien says Judge Nguyen ``handled complex and controversial cases with technical finesse and grace'' and that Judge Nguyen is a ``highly qualified nominee who is intelligent, skilled, and exercises sound judgment.''  But she also has an inspiring life story. She was born in South Vietnam in the midst of the Vietnam war. She came to America at the age of 10. Her family lived in a tent in a San Diego refugee camp for 3 months before moving to Los Angeles, where her parents worked two or three jobs at a time.  Judge Nguyen and her five siblings helped their parents after school and on weekends. They helped to clean dental offices and to peel and cut apples. They helped run a small doughnut shop, which their parents scrimped and saved to open.  Judge Nguyen worked her way up--through school, as a lawyer and prosecutor, and as a trial judge. If she is confirmed today, she will be the first Asian-American female Federal appeals court judge, and I am proud to express my very strong support for her nomination.  I would like to conclude by expressing my view that it is absolutely critical that cooperation on judicial nominations continue.  Nearly 10 percent of judicial positions are currently vacant, Mr. President, as you well know--twice as many as when President Bush left office. This high vacancy rate is today being felt more than anywhere else by States in the Ninth Circuit. California and Arizona are home to some of the busiest Federal trial courts in the Nation. This means businesses, individuals, and prosecutors already are struggling with severely overburdened Federal courts.  The Ninth Circuit is also the busiest Federal appellate court in the country. It has over 1,400 appeals pending per three-judge panel--the most of any circuit by a wide margin, and over twice the average of the other circuits.  The Judicial Conference of the United States has declared each Ninth Circuit vacancy a judicial emergency.  Judge Nguyen's confirmation today will help ease the burden, but it will not do enough. Paul Watford is another outstanding Ninth Circuit nominee from California. He was approved by the Judiciary Committee 3 months ago. Based on the calendar, he should be the next circuit court nominee to receive a confirmation vote in this body.  He has sterling qualifications. He has worked as a Federal prosecutor and an appellate attorney at a prestigious law firm. He clerked for Chief Judge Alex Kozinski and for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. He is a moderate nominee, well schooled in the law. He has support on both sides of the aisle, including from two former presidents of the Los Angeles chapter of the Federalist Society.  So I hope the Senate will consider Mr. Watford's nomination very soon. It is a judicial emergency.  So, once again, I thank the leaders on both sides for agreeing to bring Judge Nguyen's nomination to the floor. I urge my colleagues to support this nomination. I hope we will continue to confirm highly qualified nominees to our Federal courts, which is especially important to the Ninth Circuit.  