 President, I come to the floor today to talk about the Bring Jobs Home Act, which is the bill that would stop big corporations from getting a tax break for sending jobs overseas while rewarding businesses that invest in bringing jobs here, back home.  I thank my colleagues Senator Walsh and Senator Stabenow for leading the way on this important legislation, and I am glad we now have the opportunity to debate it. I hope our Republican colleagues will take a serious look at the Bring Jobs Home Act and work with us in the coming weeks and months on other efforts to create jobs and long-term economic growth.  Our economy has changed a lot over the last few decades. Prices have risen for everything from college tuition to health care, and the shifting realities of the global economy have really made it harder to find the kinds of jobs on which workers used to raise their families.  As we all remember, for far too many families the financial crisis and the recession that began in December of 2007 was the last straw. It pulled the rug out from under workers and small businesses across the country. We have come a long way since then, but it is clear there is much more we need to do to create jobs and broad-based economic growth so that hard-working families in our country get a fair shot.  At a time when too many families are still struggling to make ends meet, there is absolutely no reason taxpayer dollars should go toward helping big corporations send jobs overseas. That is why I was very proud today to vote in support of the Bring Jobs Home Act.  I think most Americans would agree they don't want their taxpayer dollars spent on helping corporations outsource jobs. It really should be a no-brainer.  Unfortunately, over the last few years we have spent far too much time avoiding crises rather than legislation like the Bring Jobs Home Act that would help our workers and businesses. Government shutdowns, default threats, and last-minute deals took up a lot of oxygen here in Washington, DC, and made workers and families really question whether their government could get anything done.  So when Chairman Ryan and I were able to reach a 2-year bipartisan budget agreement, I was hopeful we would be able to move beyond the cycle of governing by crisis, and I hoped we could build on that bipartisan foundation established in that 2-year budget deal and work across the aisle to create jobs and grow our economy. The Bring Jobs Home Act is exactly the kind of legislation I wanted to see us debate and work together on.  While we all know Republicans and Democrats have very different views on the best ways to encourage economic growth, we have taken some bipartisan steps that show we should be able to work together on this and other job-creating legislation. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, which Senator Isakson from Georgia and I were able to work together to finish, is a great example. That bipartisan legislation shows what is possible when Members from different parties and different States and different Chambers come together to get things done for the American economy. I have heard from countless businesses and families in my home State of Washington who have told me how much they rely on effective workforce programs. So I was really thrilled yesterday to stand next to President Obama as he signed more than a decade of hard work and negotiation into law when he signed that legislation.  I am glad we were able to go beyond governing by crisis and reach a bipartisan agreement to thoroughly and responsibly improve our workforce development system. We need to do the same thing--go beyond simply avoiding crises when it comes to commonsense steps such as the Bring Jobs Home Act.  I would also note that this is true for the highway trust fund. I hope we will be able to not only avoid a construction shutdown short-term but that we will work together to strengthen our transportation infrastructure in a comprehensive way.  Construction workers and businesses absolutely deserve the certainty of knowing we are going to avoid the shortfall in the highway trust fund and keep our critical transportation projects moving forward. But they actually deserve more than that. They, along with every other American family and business that uses our roads and bridges, deserve a long-term solution--one that not only shores up the highway trust fund but also provides a plan for smart investments throughout our entire transportation system.  My colleagues Senator Wyden and Senator Boxer have been leading the way on avoiding this unnecessary crisis and addressing our transportation infrastructure challenges not just for next year but for years to come, and I thank both of them for their efforts.  I know conventional wisdom is that Congress will not be able to get anything done from now until November, but I don't see any reason at all why that ought to be the case. Families and communities rightly want us to solve problems. Just avoiding crises isn't enough.  I am very hopeful that in the coming weeks and months we can not only avoid a construction shutdown but also lay the groundwork for smart investments in our country's roads and bridges and waterways.  I am glad my Republican colleagues are making it clear that they don't want another fight over keeping the government open. I think we should build on that by working together to replace more of the harmful sequestration cuts we are going to face in 2016.  Instead of simply avoiding self-inflicted wounds to jobs and the economy, we should be taking important steps, such as the Bring Jobs Home Act, that encourage our companies to invest and hire right here at home.  Of course, there is much more to do as well, and I never meant to suggest that any of this would be easy. As we all know, compromise is not easy. But legislation such as the bipartisan Budget Act and the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act show us that when both sides are ready to come to the table and make tough choices, we can make real progress.  We have a lot of work to do over the next weeks and into the fall, and I hope we will take the bipartisan path that leads us to real solutions and goes beyond just simply avoiding the next crisis. That is what our constituents rightly expect, it is what they deserve, and it is what I hope we can all work together on to deliver.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bennet). Without objection, it is so ordered.  The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coons). The Senator from Vermont.  