 I again thank my partner, Senator Isakson, who was so diligent and true to his word and worked through every issue with us. I want to thank him for that.  I also will take a minute this afternoon to extend a sincere thank you to all of the staff who worked so hard to help put this bill together, worked through its challenges, and got us to this point today where we have passed it in the Senate. If the Senate will bear with me, we have a lot of names, but I think that tells you how many people worked so hard on this. From my office: senior advisor Scott Cheney; my chief of staff Mike Spahn; my Budget Committee staff director Evan Schatz; Stacy Rich and Emma Fulkerson from my floor and leadership staff; my entire communications team, especially Eli Zupnick and Sean Coit; and everyone else from my team who has worked so very hard to move this bill forward.  I thank the wonderful staff from Senator Isakson's office: Tommy Nguyen, staff director of the HELP Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety, as well as Brett Layson and Michael Black who have been incredible to work with.  I thank Chairman Harkin's Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee team: senior education policy adviser Crystal Bridgeman; chief education counsel Mildred Otero; disability policy director Michael Gamel-McCormick; disability counsel Lee Perselay; Derek Miller, staff director of the HELP Committee; deputy staff director and labor policy director of the HELP Committee Lauren McFerren; and labor policy adviser Liz Weiss; and many more on his staff who have helped.  I also thank the staff of Senator Alexander: education policy adviser Patrick Murray; education policy director and counsel Peter Oppenheim; Bill Knudsen, education policy advisor; and HELP Committee staff director and chief of staff David Cleary.  We also benefited from the expertise of the Congressional Research Service. I thank David Bradley, Benjamin Collins, and Adrienne Fernandes-Alcantara.  I would be remiss if I did not thank the professionals in the Senate Legislative Counsel's office, especially Liz King, Amy Gaynor, Kristin Romero, and Katie Grendon.  As you can see, a lot of people worked a very long time to get us where we are. This has been an 11-year process, so there have been a lot of staff who worked on various versions of this reauthorization over the years. I cannot name them all, but there are some who deserve recognition as well: Gerri Fiala, Bill Kamela, Beth Buehlmann, Kelly Hastings, Pam Smith, David Johns, and Glee Smith.  Of course, my thanks to the staff in the House and the administration, of whom there are far too many to mention here.  I think that tells all of us that this is a bill that was worked on diligently bymany over the years. Who will benefit at the end of the day are our workforce and our employers and our country.  I thank again my counterpart Senator Isakson for working with me to get this done.  