 President, I come to the floor this evening, along with my colleague Senator Cantwell, to talk about a truly remarkable man from our own State of Washington whom we just lost last week.  Billy Frank, Jr., was many things to many different people. To his family he was a loving husband and father, to the dozens of Native American tribes in Washington State he was a hero and a champion for hard-fought treaty rights, and to millions across our State, Billy Frank, Jr., was a marine who represented what the best of America is all about, fighting for what you believe in and never, ever giving up.  I was back in Washington State yesterday for Billy's memorial service, and looking around at all the people there whose lives he had touched, I was reminded of what made Billy so special. Billy was the type of person who defined the term ``larger than life.'' He was the type of person who had so much personality and so much ability and so much passion and love in his heart that it was very hard to believe it could all be contained in just one person.  When Billy believed in something, he didn't just make his argument, he held a fish-in. He built a movement. He did raise his voice just to be heard, he banged down the doors in Olympia and here in Washington, DC, until he got what he needed. Most of all, he never flinched in the face of opposition, and he faced plenty of it, from hate and discrimination to being arrested and abused. Over a lifetime that took him from the banks of the Nisqually River to the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court, Billy made sure the rights of Native Americans were protected and honored by the United States of America. He led the fight to ensure tribal rights to Native lands and salmon harvest could never be stolen away and over time he became much more than an advocate. He became in many ways a face of so many Native American communities across this country.  Now as we grieve and try to think about how to move forward without this larger-than-life man, I am reminded that while we have lost Billy, so much of his life's work truly remains with us because all he accomplished and all he achieved, whether it was power and influence or court decisions and new laws, it was never about him. It was always about his community, his tribe, and protecting treaty rights for all Native Americans. Billy was someone who did so much and worked so hard not so he could gain power or wealth but so the people, the land, and the fish he cared so much for would never be brushed aside or forgotten. That is a rare thing.  Billy's life wasn't a job for one man or one woman, but somehow he pulled it off by himself. So now it is going to take everyone who knew him to fill his shoes together and fight with the tribes that call Washington State home.  I wish to conclude by quoting something Billy once said:       I don't believe in magic. I believe in the sun and the      stars, the water, the tides, the floods, the owls, the hawks      flying, the river running, the wind talking. They are      measurements. They tell us how healthy things are. They tell      us because we and they are the same, and that is what I      believe in. Those who listen to the world that sustains them      can hear the message brought forth by the salmon.  That is Billy and we will miss him.  I yield the floor.  