 President, as we end this debate, I thank my coauthors and managers of this bill, Senator Isakson, Senator Harkin, and Senator Alexander. And I also again thank Senator Enzi who was for years my partner on this bill.  For over a decade now some combination of us, along with others, has been working to reauthorize the Workforce Investment Act, and I am so excited that we are finally on the verge of passing this long overdue legislation through the Senate.  Let me remind everyone that the workforce development system serves over 20 million people every year. That is one of every eight working-age adults in this country--people who are looking for work, people who want to change their jobs, people who want to upgrade their skills. And the system serves thousands of employers every year--manufacturers, construction firms, health care providers, financial institutions. The list goes on.  Let's also remember that our workforce development system is a vital partner of economic developers all around the country, making sure that companies being recruited or expanded have access to training and skilled workers necessary to compete and grow.  With millions of new jobs that will require postsecondary education and advanced skills in the coming years, we will fall behind if we do not modernize our workforce development system and programs now. We have to make sure when high-tech jobs of the next century are created, Americans are ready to fill them. That is what we have done with this bill. We have doubled down on the programs that work, we have eliminated programs that have become outdated, and created a workforce system that is more nimble, adaptable, better aligned, and more accountable.  I am very proud to be at this point. I again especially thank my partner who has been with me so many critical times, Senator Isakson from Georgia, who has been incredibly hardworking and diligent in getting this done.  I look forward to the votes. We have two amendments--I will be joining all of our cosponsors in voting against those amendments--and then final passage. I again thank everyone who has worked so hard on this legislation for so many years.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  