 President, last month we saw five male Justices give their blessing to CEOs and corporations across America to go ahead and deny legally required health care coverage for their employees. When that news broke, I was outraged, and I know I was one of millions of people across the country who were shocked and angry.  These women are looking to us. They are demanding a change. Today, as women across America took to social media for a Digital Day of Action, their message was delivered loudly and clearly when they echoed: ``My personal health care choices are not my boss's business--period.''  It wasn't just women who were speaking out on social media today. In fact, we heard from several men who understood that if bosses can deny birth control, they can deny vaccines or HIV treatments or any other basic health care service for their employees or their dependents.  I heard from Konrad in my home State of Washington on Twitter today who said he doesn't want his boss knowing what medications he is on, such as diabetes or heart medications. Konrad said, ``It is simply not my boss's business.''  I also heard from my constituents when I was home this weekend. Friday I spoke directly with business owners and others who are hearing the same thing. Women are tired of being targeted and are looking to Congress to right this wrong by the Supreme Court.  One such woman is a woman named Morgan Beach. Morgan joined me Friday at Oddfellows Cafe, which is a small Seattle business whose owners stood up and spoke out about their disgust as employers about this ruling. Morgan is one of the 58 percent of women who use contraception for reasons other than to prevent pregnancy. As she spoke about how the Supreme Court decision would impact women such as her, Morgan said: ``The terrifying power this ruling gives to a small minority to make sweeping personal decisions . . . is frightening. The simple fact is, birth control is not my boss's business!''  Morgan is right. It is not her boss's business.  We are going to be talking about this urgent issue at more length tomorrow morning, but I wanted to come to the floor this evening and share what I heard from back home this weekend and throughout today. We have legislation that is now slated for a vote later this week, and we are going to be talking about this today and tomorrow. I hope all of our colleagues are listening, because it is time for Congress to get to work. Women and men are watching.  I am delighted to be joined today by my colleague from Colorado, Senator Udall, who is my partner in presenting this legislation.  