President, still at this late date, I want to remain optimistic that we will reach a final deal on Federal spending. At least the dueling press conferences are continuing as I speak. I hope the negotiations are continuing by someone somewhere. Hope springs eternal. Under the banner of hope and change, I would hope the majority leader would change his mind and at the very least bring the House-passed measure to the floor for a vote to fund the military through the end of the fiscal year and avert a shutdown of the federal government, and make a significant reduction in spending. Anything less is irresponsible.  Kansans are now calling my office. They have been all day, all week, all year. Their message is clear. It is time to stop spending money we don't have. The House-passed measure is but a small step in this direction and would keep the government from shutting down, a goal I think everybody would like to see happen.  Let's clarify the facts. The national debt is over $14 trillion and growing daily. Some now say it is $14.6 trillion. We are fast approaching the debt ceiling and another very serious decision. I know the majority leadership remembers the last time the debt ceiling was raised. It was four times in the last 2 years.  By the way, the majority spent twice as much in 2 years as was spent the last 4 years of the previous administration. If this continues, then by the year 2014 interest payments on the debt alone will be greater than all discretionary spending outside of defense. The debate or fuss about which programs must not be cut will not be debated on the floor of this distinguished body because they will all be cut. There won't be any money. The money will go to pay interest on the debt.  The House of Representatives is doing what its majority pledged to do, what it was elected to do--reduce Washington spending.  As a logical consequence--and it should not be a surprise to any member of the majority of this body or the minority in the other--the House passed a bill to bring government spending back down to 2008 levels. That is what they said they would do, and that is what they are doing.  In March the majority in this Chamber rejected these modest cuts in spending, and we have been operating under a series of short-term continuing resolutions ever since. All of us know that government by CR is no way to govern. The leadership of the previous Congress failed to pass a budget last year, failed to pass even a single appropriations bill. We are still dealing with that abdication of responsibility.  But we are where we are. The House passed another measure to keep the Federal Government open for another week, funded our military men and women and their families for the next 6 months, and cut government spending by $12 billion while we negotiate a long-term solution. Hopefully, we could continue to negotiate a long-term solution.  I know tempers are frayed. What is bothersome is that the leadership refuses to bring this measure to a vote. They have the votes to defeat it. They also refuse to put forth an alternative proposal to cut spending. It is one thing to blame the majority in the other body and say you simply can't support it. If that is the case, bring it to the floor. Let's vote on it, and let's see what kind of an alternative the leadership here offers.  The media is referring to this impasse as a shutdown of the Federal Government, but we need to be careful before we call this a government shutdown. The people of Kansas and all of America are rightly outraged that funding for our troops and their families is at risk, funding for most customer service support at the VA is at risk, and that funding for a wide range of economic development and agriculture programs is at risk. But that is not true with regard to one segment of our government. Just as the Army sings ``as these caissons keep rolling along,'' so does the perpetual motion machine of Federal regulation. The Federal regulation machine is such that even a government shutdown can't stop it.  Earlier this week, I came to the floor to talk about the concerns I am hearing from our community bankers in Kansas. According to a summary of the Dodd-Frank act by Davis Polk, the act mandates that 11 different agencies create at least 243 more regulations, issue 67 one-time reports or studies, and 22 new periodic reports. Financial regulators have already issued more than 1,400 pages of regulatory proposals, and 5,000 pages of regulations are expected. These will create additional and significant compliance costs that will impact the ability of every bank to serve its community. They come on top of existing regulation, including 1,700 pages of consumer regulations and hundreds of pages of regulations regarding lending practices and operations that banks are already required to comply with, and they do in good faith.  Some folks might think--and naturally so--if the government is shut down, regulators won't be on the job either. Wrong. Apparently nothing, absolutely nothing can or will stop regulators from regulating. In the case of some financial regulators, agencies not funded by taxpayer dollars, they will be on the job, and we can anticipate that the burdensome regulations will continue.  Well, what about implementing the costly and controversial health care reform bill? Will a government shutdown slow this hugely unpopular program chock-full of regulations? Well, the answer, of course, is no.  In the Secretary's contingency plans for HHS, under a list of what will remain open during this shutdown, she believes that ``operations of the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight''--its a mouthful, Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight, the regulating agency under the Department of Health and Human Services that is working to issue regulations to implement health care reform--``could continue as funding was provided through the Affordable Care Act.''  Well, this is just another example of full steam ahead with ObamaCare, justlike during the health care reform debate. The regulatory overreach that has become a hallmark of this administration is not stopped by even a shutdown of the Federal Government. For example, regulations like the one issued just recently, days ago, by the Department of Health and Human Services on something called accountable care organizations, also known as ACOs--ACOs used to be HMOs; didn't like HMOs too much, so we have something like HMOs, but now we call them ACOs--turned 6 pages of ObamaCare into 429 pages of regulations--429 pages in just 1 regulation. These new regulations empower Dr. Berwick, the man in charge, and CMS, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, to make decisions about how medical care will be delivered in this country.  So a government shutdown or not, under a cowering business community, the incredible Federal regulation machine goes on like a giant creature from a video game, belching fire, smoke, fines, and regulations. Nothing, not even a shutdown of the Federal Government, can slay the regulating dragon.  This debate should not be about party politics. It should not even be about regulation, except I discovered the regulation is going on despite the government shutdown, which I think is most unusual, to say the least. This is really about reducing spending and finally trying to tighten our Federal belt. We are borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend. I said that by 2014 all discretionary funds would be used to pay off the interest on the national debt.  The House has now passed a bill to keep our military families whole and the government running at 2008 levels while we try to work out a long-term solution. A Federal shutdown does not benefit anyone except regulators who under a shutdown will continue to regulate, now unchecked.  I urge the majority leader to at least bring the House-passed bill to the floor for a vote. I thank all the people who have worked so terribly hard on the negotiations. I hope they are successful, even though ``tempus is fugiting''--time is running out.  Thank you, Mr. President.  