President, I thank very much the distinguished chairwoman for yielding. We are talking about amendment No. 791, the pending amendment offered by my friend and colleague from Oklahoma, Senator Coburn.  I must oppose the Coburn amendment which will severely diminish the farm safety net for America's farmers and ranchers. I know that is not the intent of his amendment as he sees it but, unfortunately, that would be the practical effect, as the chairwoman has indicated.  The setting of adjusted gross income caps or what we call AGI caps is a policy issue that should be handled by the authorizing committee, not during the appropriations process. More specifically, this issue is a farm bill issue, if you will, and it is currently being considered in the context of the Joint Debt Committee process--the supercommittee. The chairwoman has described in detail our efforts, both the House principals and the chairwoman and myself, in submitting to the Joint Debt Committee our suggestions on how we can meet our deficit reduction responsibilities.  As people consider this amendment, I think it is important to remember that the 2008 farm bill, as the chairwoman has indicated, included the most comprehensive and far-reaching reform to farm program eligibility requirements in 20 years. That included reform to the AGI caps to which the Coburn amendment refers.  It is also important for my colleagues to understand that the adjusted gross income for a farmer is not pure profit. Personal expenses and the servicing of debt must still be covered. Given the capital-intensive nature of farming and the cost of inputs such as land and machinery, servicing debt alone can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars.  Supporters of these limits also tend to talk about how few farmers would be impacted by these caps. However, the advocates also only tend to look at those farmers who file Schedule F tax forms. This rather simplistic approach fails to reflect the fact that most operations that could be directly impacted by the AGI caps that they are recommending do not file Schedule F tax returns because of how they have chosen to organize their farming operation. Therefore, most advocates of these caps seriously underestimate the number of producers and the share of acres or production that would be left without a safety net.  To make matters worse, because this limit would be implemented using the appropriations legislation instead of authorizing legislation, it would not repeal the already existing AGI limits of $750,000 per on-farm income and $500,000 for off-farm income. In other words, this amendment would simply add another layer--another cap--another layer of bureaucracy to the already existing structure, further complicating USDA's work on this issue at a time when resources are extremely limited and when we are going to be in the process of writing a new farm bill, not to mention meeting our deficit obligations to the supercommittee.  Therefore, I encourage my colleagues to oppose the Coburn amendment and allow the agriculture committees the opportunity to address this issue in the appropriate venue.  I yield the floor.  Careful observation by this Member would indicate that a quorum is not present.  