 Madam President, as every American knows, few issues today are more critical to the American taxpayer than the price of energy. Whether it is powering our homes or fueling farm equipment or filling up our cars at the pump, the price of energy directly impacts the cost of goods and operating expenses for our American producers.  Now, while there is a multitude of variables that impact the cost of gasoline, it is important we don't overlook the main factor in impacting prices at the pump--and one more time, for my colleagues across the aisle, that is the global supply and demand of crude.  With roughly 70 percent of the price of gasoline and diesel contingent on the price of crude, it should be easy to understand that any fluctuations in global supply and demand is the most important factor determining what consumers pay at the pump. Considering in my State alone the oil and gas industry supports over 119,000 jobs and annually contributes $14 billion to the Kansas economy, it is not hard to understand that much of our concerns regarding the U.S. economy and rising unemployment could be addressed--could be addressed--if we stopped hindering the ability of American energy businesses to grow and to produce.  I am sure most Americans wonder why Washington is even considering a policy that is counter to an industry solely capable--solely capable--and responsible for this type of job creation. Sadly, this is exactly the proposal floated by some of my colleagues and friends in Congress and by the President.  In the President's 2012 budget proposal, he proposed almost $90 billion worth of tax increases on the oil and gas industry--taxes the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service has stated could make oil and natural gas more expensive for U.S. consumers and likely increase foreign dependence. Well, that didn't work in regards to the budget, so they are back. Complementing the President's troublesome budget proposal last week, a number of my colleagues introduced legislation singling out U.S.-owned integrated oil and gas companies by removing tax expenditures these companies rely on to hire more American workers, developing greater amounts of needed energy, and--hello--to support the millions of American investors whose IRAs and pension funds invest significantly in energy stocks.  What is even worse, at least six of my colleagues across the aisle are on record admitting this legislation will do nothing to reduce prices at the pump. It is sort of a ``gotcha'' piece of legislation. So to address American concerns about rising gas prices, my friends across the aisle have introducedlegislation they readily know will not ease the price at the pump. This doesn't make any sense. In addition to the fact the Democratic energy bill will not help reduce gas prices, I want to further highlight the negative impacts it would have on American investors. This is important.  Probably the biggest distortion repeated in the media and by some of my friends here on Capitol Hill is the notion that a few select corporate executives are the sole benefactors of record high profits enjoyed by these energy companies. It makes good politics today to beat up on these people and that is what happened in regard to the Finance Committee--a lot of press there--when in reality it is the millions of middle-class American investors whose retirement plans benefit greatly from healthy profits. Because these companies are publicly traded, they are owned largely by individuals and institutional investors responsible for managing the mutual funds and IRA and pension plans for millions of Americans whose future economic security depends on the success of these companies.  For example, in Kansas alone there are over 18,000 shareholders of ExxonMobil--that is 18,000 of my constituents--who will be hurt, angry, frustrated when they find out that legislation that targets citizens, investors who actually own these companies, could be passed.  Beyond individual shareholders, many teachers, State government employees, rely on strong returns on their investments in these companies. One example is the New Jersey Public Employee Pension Fund. Its holdings of U.S.-based integrated oil and gas companies make over 4 percent of its total portfolio.  Realizing the likelihood of a strong return on their investment, it is no wonder why so many public employee pension funds throughout the country invest heavily in energy companies. 