It was a good order. I applauded that order. It committed all Federal agencies to review regulations and then to try to remove any that placed unreasonable burdens on our Nation's businesses and/or impact the ability of our economy to grow, to recover.  I agree that, in light of our current economic crisis, establishing a regulatory environment that promotes growth and job creation should be the No. 1 priority for this Congress and the administration. I applaud what the President said when he issued the Executive order--that there are some regulations that are duplicative, costly, and unnecessary and, as he said, downright dumb. There was loud applause in farm country, manufacturing, health care, education--you name it. However, after reviewing the Executive order, I remind my colleagues that I was left--and I hope if you read it you are left--with some larger concerns. Specifically, the order left open a number of very large loopholes. It was an Executive order without teeth.  When I was in Kansas over this last work period, I talked to virtually all of our Kansas patients, providers, and advocates about the President's Executive order and my legislation, which is called the Regulatory Reform for Our Economy Act. I held a stakeholder roundtable in Topeka. I held a roundtable in our State capitol, in order to get feedback from patients and provider groups on their thoughts related to health care reform. I was not surprised to hear that every representative at that meeting had a concern with regulations, but the sheer volume of regulatory concerns as seen by my staff and myself was truly extraordinary.  I was already aware of regulations, such as those put forth by the Department of Health and Human Services, along with the Department of Labor and Treasury, that have resulted in the child-only insurance market effectively disappearing in 20 States. Which I believe is the result of overregulation or overrequirements.  I have already sent letters to the administration detailing my concerns with regulations, such as--stick with me now--first, the 2011 Medicare physician fee schedule final rule, which requires that laboratory requisition forms are signed by the ordering physician. This rule could have potentially serious implications on patient care and business practice.  Second, on November 17, 2010, CMS, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, issued a final rule which, as required by the new health care law--the acronym for that is PPACA--conditions payment for home health and hospice services based upon a face-to-face encounter between patients and their physicians or certain nonphysician practitioners prior to certification for home health or hospice services. On top of about a $11 billion cut to hospice, which is rather incredible, this is resulting in burdensome requirements for our rural home health and hospice patients. For those who need this help the most, this is truly hard to understand.  Third, the antiswitching rule in Medicare's competitive bidding program--the acronym is CBP; there is an acronym for everything--for durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies. Specifically, that proposal to enforce the rule in subsequent rounds of the competitive bidding program, but not round one, may compromise beneficiary access to appropriate diabetes testing supplies and leave beneficiaries vulnerable to pressure from suppliers to switch testing systems.  I am going to try to get rid of the gobbledygook and say that during the initial round of competitive bidding for medical equipment, some of the suppliers didn't even know there was an initial round of competitive bidding. In Kansas City, there were 424 suppliers, and 20 submitted bids this time around. We delayed it to this year because it was so onerous. Then this year came around and CMS selected 20. What happened to the other 404? What happened to the people who depended on pharmacists and home health care providers for that walker, that crutch, or whatever they need--or oxygen tank, for that matter? We are left with huge holes in the home health care industry and a need for providing DME equipment.  I was surprised to hear that every representative at this stakeholder meeting--and all representative groups were invited, including hospital administrators, doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and hospice folks. I believe it was the first time they met at the same time. I was surprised to hear that every representative at this stakeholder meeting to discuss the impacts of health care reform had concerns with regulations, some of which are buried in the volumes of regulations being put out every day, and many that defy comprehension.  When discussing the President's Executive order and regulations with my constituents and those representing the patient and provider community, the No. 1 concern I heard was a fear not just of the current regulations, which they are trying to keep up with, but of future regulations.  While there is considerable concern with the burden of regulations that have already been issued, I heard time and again that there is an even greater concern with the uncertainty of future regulations, especially those implementing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or PPACA, and their potential to have further and greater impact on jobs and the economy and health care--even greater than the impacts we discussed during the health care reform debate. At the stakeholder meeting we had meaningful dialog about that. This is akin to a second health care reform earthquake. If you are a health care provider, hang on.  Additionally, I have heard that the combination of the regulations being issued to implement the PPACA statute has resulted in an increase in premiums--to repeat that, an increase in premiums, not cost savings--for individuals and businesses, which, as you know, results in increased costs and very tough choices.  Related to this, I am concerned by reports that I am hearing that staff within the administration have signaled that regulations being issued to implement the PPACA statute already comply with the President's Executive order and would not need to be included in a review. Does that mean all the health care regulations pouring out of CMS are not going to be subject to the President's Executive order? What is that? This is one of the biggest worries we have throughout the country regarding health care, and the President issues an Executive order and says let's take a look. Do the costs outweigh the benefits? Are they duplicative, unnecessary, or just plain dumb?Those are his words. CMS is exempted? Health care is exempted? That is unreal.  I believe otherwise, and this belief is being verified by personal stories from Kansans. In my letter to the President today, I strongly encouraged him to review all of the regulations that have been issued, past, present, and future, while considering their impact on the economy and jobs. Sure, it would be a tough job. It is time, with the ``Katrina'' of regulations pouring out of the various agencies in Washington.  Understanding this, last month, I, along with Senators Barrasso and Coats, and with the support of 38 Senate colleagues--have introduced the Regulatory Responsibility for Our Economy Act, S. 358. I urge my colleagues on the other side, who I am going to engage in the next week. We will go face to face and I will try to convince you.  My bill moves to codify and strengthen President Obama's January 18 Executive order that directs agencies within the administration to review, modify, streamline, expand, or repeal those significant regulatory actions that are, in the President's words, duplicative, unnecessary, overly burdensome, or would have significant economic impacts on Americans. I have given President Obama credit for saying that, but I don't give him credit for including the loopholes.  While I agree in principle with the President that we need to take a serious look at both current and proposed Federal regulations, I don't think his Executive order actually does what it purports to do. I have some loopholes listed. In Dodge City, where I come from, coming close to the truth is coming pretty close, but it still ain't the truth. I think this is where this fits.  The Executive order states--and I want everybody in the Senate, if you are listening, or if your staff is listening, provide this to your member. Figure this out:       In applying these principles, each agency is directed to      use the best available techniques to quantify anticipated      present and future benefits and costs as accurately as      possible.  That is a good thing.       Where appropriate and permitted by law, each agency may      consider (and discuss qualitatively)--  and this is the part where I had the most concern, and I hope somebody can explain it.     values that are difficult or impossible to quantify,      including equity, human dignity, fairness, and distributive      impacts.  What is that? ``But,'' as the Wall Street Journal captured so eloquently in their response to President Obama's editorial, ``these amorphous concepts are not measurable at all.'' They are not.  On the surface, I feel this language has the potential to be a very large loophole--probably is already. I believe this is the loophole being used to exempt the PPACA regulations from this review. That is unfortunate. In fact, upon reading and rereading it, it could be better described as gobbledygook.  As a matter of fact, it got my gobbledygook award of the month this past month. My legislation would close the loopholes in President Obama's Executive order and would close other existing loopholes, including those the administration has been using--or the Secretaries for the various agencies have been using--to bypass valuable stakeholder input on regulations. In fact, I hear often that patients and providers believe they do not have a voice in the regulatory process.  More specifically, I hear that a number of regulations are currently being issued through a shortened process which allows limited or no input from those most affected by the regulations prior to their implementation--that is wrong--and they may result in an even greater confusion and burden which then results in greater costs and economic impact, especially if changes are necessary based on later comments that the administration does receive.  It is my understanding the PPACA rules that have been issued as interim final rules and, therefore, with limited input--and they will probably become final--are the national provider identifier, Web portal requirements, Early Retiree Reinsurance Program, coverage of children to age 26. Underserved rural communities, grandfathered health plans, preexisting condition exclusions, preventive services, internal claims/appeals and external review processes, Pre-existing Condition Insurance Plan Program, amendment to grandfathered health plans rule, and medical lost ratio requirements. That is a bunch of them--all regulations through a shortened process.  While there may have been instances in which a shortened process was necessary or appropriate, this lengthy list is why passage of my legislation is so critically important.  I ask the Presiding Officer if I have exceeded my time. If I have, I would like 2 additional minutes to close.  