President, I rise to raise significant concerns with the pending modified amendment offered by my good friend and colleague, Senator David Vitter. His amendment allows for the importation of prescription drugs from Canada. I am going to reiterate some of the same concerns that are voiced every time we discuss drug importation.  Let me also say that I think we all want more inexpensive drugs for our constituents. We all want broader access to drugs and therapies. That is a given. I know that is precisely the intent of my colleague. However, we want to ensure our constituents are safe when they are taking these drugs no matter what the expense--not only that, but Americans expect to be kept safe.  I must raise concerns that nothing in the Vitter amendment ensures the safety of drugs that would be imported from Canada. That is the lone country that is involved in regard to his pending amendment. Some say only the FDA-approved drugs would be imported and only safe drugs will be imported. But the reality is that the last four Secretaries of Health and Human Services--from Shalala, to Thompson, to Leavitt, and now Sebelius--have been unable to guarantee that these imported drugs are safe, not from Canada and not from any other country.  While my friend from Louisiana claims he has narrowed the scope of hisamendment, the modified Vitter amendment remains so broad in scope that it could potentially tie the hands of the FDA in limiting counterfeit drugs reaching the United States, which is something we desperately do not want. The FDA has found on several occasions that drugs promoted and sold as Canadian actually come from many other countries with very little oversight on safety and efficacy.  Finally, a New York Times investigation found that counterfeit drugs were sold through Canadian Internet pharmacies. It is easy to conclude that because these drugs were sourced from many other countries, it would be impossible to guarantee their safety.  The bottom line is the FDA cannot--not a little, not a lot; absolutely cannot--ensure that any drug coming from outside the United States is safe or effective. Until we can ensure that the drugs our constituents are taking are effective and, most importantly, safe, I must oppose the Vitter amendment today or whenever it is brought up and would encourage my colleagues to join me.  I yield the floor.  