If I hit 10 minutes, I might ask unanimous consent for an additional 5, and seeing the smile on the Presiding Officer's face, perhaps he will be conducive to that request. I also wish to associate my remarks with the distinguished Senator from Texas.  Every generation confronts challenges. The greatest generation declared victory over fascism and imperialism. The next generation faced down an enormous competition between the United States and its way of life based on free markets, private ownership, and free expression on one hand; and the Soviet Union and its way of life based on central planning, collectivization and police state control on the other. Again, victory belonged to America and the free world.  A new generation in America has now come of age since the Soviet system collapsed. It is a generation that too often, in my opinion, takes for granted the hardship and sacrifice of our forebears. It is this generation that must confront the crippling $14.3 trillion debt--and climbing. We have met the enemy and he ``is'' us. The enemy today is our unsustainable debt, as has been pointed out by speaker after speaker on both sides of the aisle.  I am privileged to represent the people of Kansas and the people of Kansas are rightfully angry over the endless posturing and all the rhetoric and all the fingerpointing regarding yet another increase in the national debt. That is right, another increase in the debt limit. Here we are again trying to reach agreement. I wish the President and the House leadership well in their current talks. I wish the Senate was engaged. We certainly don't need to kick the can down the road any farther.  We are faced with one issue; that is, to rein in spending. Let me point outthat in 2 years, the debt limit was raised nearly as many times as it was in 8 years under the previous administration. It should come as no surprise that the American people in general, and those in Kansas in particular, reject these current spend-thrift policies.  I, from the first, decided it was time to stand up to spending, deficits, and debt. I am talking about the time when we were considering TARP, and we went through that very difficult time when many in the administration--the previous administration--indicated if you did not vote for TARP you were taking a very dangerous road.  I must confess, I have written a lot of speeches down through the years of public service I have been privileged to have. It is that old line of somehow or other we have to set our fiscal house in order not only for us but for our kids and grandkids. How many times do we have to say that? How many times do we have to give the speech? I decided no more during the TARP consideration. I voted no.  I remember the time when the administration folks came in to visit with me to convince me to vote yes. I said: Can you explain to me what a credit default swap is? I had not really heard that term before. They could not. They said they did not have enough time to do that. I just decided to vote no. I opposed TARP. I opposed the bailouts. I opposed the stimulus. I opposed Dodd-Frank. I opposed ObamaCare. And I oppose any increase in the debt limit without real, tangible cuts in discretionary spending and meaningful, structural reform to mandatory spending.  I do not challenge the intent of people who promoted all of these things, but the result has been an incredible increase in our national debt.  Remember the line: Did you read the bill?--that was the question people got when they went back home, faced up to the folks back home, especially with the health care bill. All of a sudden people became aware of the regulations and all the problems--now we have a hurricane of regulations pouring out of the Department of Health and Human Services.  Now the question from folks back home is: Have you read the regulations? If we add up the costs of regulations, for goodness' sakes, clear back in 2008 alone it was $1.78 trillion in cost to the American public. Figure that in regards to the debate about the national debt. That was back in 2008. Think what it is today. It is probably twice that amount. So, consequently, we really have a problem.  Now, since last November the President has spoken to this issue. As a matter of fact, he has spoken rather continuously at the White House and campaign rallies. The problem is, there is no specific plan.  I know Republicans in the House are getting a lot of criticism for their plan. At least they have a plan. The cut, cap, and balance plan has received, as I said, a lot of criticism, but at least it is there. On the other side of the aisle we just do not find anything. There is no specific plan at all. We call that in Dodge City: Big hat, no cattle.  The President's first opportunity to put words into action came in February when the White House submitted its budget request: $3.73 trillion. It was estimated to add another $1 trillion to the debt. Obviously, that did not work. That proposal was defeated 97 to 0 in the Senate. Not too many bills get defeated 97 to 0.  Then, all of a sudden, now, we got into the tax situation. Maybe if we just got involved in a little more revenue enhancement--that is what we call it here; it is called taxes back home. Taxing is not the problem; the problem is spending money we do not have.  In May, the President's budget was, as I said, defeated. And rightly so. So here we are, more than halfway through the calendar year, 2 months away from the end of the fiscal year, and still no budget from this body--over 800 days. Meanwhile, we have met the $14.3 trillion debt ceiling, and it is climbing. Rather than make meaningful cuts and meaningful reforms--specific reforms--the White House and some in the Senate want to increase the debt ceiling again.  Again, we have met the enemy, and he is us.  Mr. President, $14.3 trillion--it is a sum so large that it is difficult to understand. Kansans with whom I visit and who call my office express shock we have allowed it to get to this point. How did we get to this point? Then, if, in fact, we kick the can down the road, what does it mean in regards to--as the Senator from Iowa pointed out--the faith and optimism in our country? What does the future hold for a country that acts this way?  Paying down the debt should be bipartisan. What would Presidents Truman and Eisenhower say of a $14.3 trillion debt? I think they would be pretty harsh. Both Presidents had pretty tough quotes in regards to fiscal responsibility. What we need in this Chamber, what we need in Washington is a very strong dose of common sense and a sense of purpose, as evidenced by previous Presidents when they put leadership first.  Here are the facts. They are stubborn things. They are clear. We borrow 40 cents for every dollar we spend. A lot of people hear that. That is climbing. It is going to be 41 cents pretty quickly.  There is a lot of talk about tax breaks for corporate jets. Boy, am I tired of that. I am tired of this class warfare stuff in regards to saying: If we just apply taxes to a certain, small segment of the economy, or maybe a big segment like oil and gas--the bad guys, the fat cats--boy, if we get them, we can sure solve the problem.  Let's take corporate jets, which I would emphasize represents general aviation. It is called general aviation because the general public uses it. It is not all Hollywood stars. It is not all rich people using these so-called corporate jets. General aviation--it is the people who have to get from here to there because for 90 percent of our airports, a commercial flight does not land there.  What if you have a plant? What if you are a manufacturer? What if you are a farmer? What if you are a rancher and you have to visit several places in the country at one time, say, 5, 6, 7, 8, maybe 30? That is what general aviation is all about.  As a matter of fact, in the stimulus, the President recommended an extension of this same tax depreciation schedule. Now he is blaming the fat cats in regards to taking advantage of corporate jets. That is nuts. What the left hand giveth, the left hand taketh away in regards to this class warfare rhetoric. We make these jets in Wichita. They are great airplanes, and they service the general public for the public good.  According to Charles Krauthammer, the renowned columnist, if we collect the corporate jet tax every year for the next 5,000 years, we would cover only 1 year of the debt the President has run up--1 year.  The general aviation industry will persevere, but we have come through some tough times. We are coming in on a wing and a prayer--that old World War II song that is almost revered. So we will persevere. But can't we end this class warfare business? My Lord, the President talked about it six times in two paragraphs. As I say, again, that is the same industry he tried to help in the stimulus.  Here is another fact: Every cent of taxpayer money is used to pay for entitlement programs and interest payments on the national debt. All discretionary spending is borrowed. That is where we are headed; that is where we are at.  On average, we accumulate $4 billion in debt each day. It would cost each citizen $46,000 to pay the debt off. That means a family with a husband, wife, and two kids would owe $184,000. That is rather startling to Kansas families. They do not have that kind of money. I know perhaps some would say that is apples and oranges with the function of government and the function of families, but it is a good illustration.  We have gone over 800 days--I think it is 810 now--without a budget in the Senate of the United States. During that time, this country has spent $7.3 trillion. We have spent $439 billion in interest on the money we have borrowed.  We do not have regular order. If Robert C. Byrd were here today and sitting in that chair, he would be appalled. He would be making a speech in louder terms than I am, with short sentences, and he would point out we are not doing our duty.  It used to be that we would have a budget. Then we would have appropriations bills. Then we would have thecommittees of jurisdiction meet those budget demands, meet that number. Then we would debate it on the Senate floor. Members would have an opportunity to bring amendments. That is how we worked. We do not work that way anymore. There is no regular order anymore.  What we do is bring up huge bills such as Dodd-Frank and the health care bill, usually written in private, and then we vote on it. Then the American public says: Have you read the bill? Then they say: Have you read the regulations?  We have to restore regular order and restore the Senate back to the Senate. People are fearful. The American public is fearful today. They have a real, conscientious worry that America is not the same as it used to be. Why is that? Because I think the American dream is that every American youngster can climb on the ladder of success as fast and as high as he or she can, with nothing government made or manmade in their way. Regardless, they may stumble, hit their chin on a couple of rungs, but, by golly, they get back up and they go right up again.  Not anymore. We have, apparently, a national agenda to level everybody with everybody else. It is called social justice. Nothing wrong with social justice except if it is an agenda to affect everybody. We now have the President of the United States deciding who is rich. It does not make any difference if a person does not make anything 1 year and makes $250,000 the next year; he is rich--despite his or her circumstances, family circumstances, or anything.  We have the national government, the Federal Government deciding everything: light bulbs, what you eat, rural fugitive dust. When a grain truck goes down a gravel road in Kansas we have the EPA worried about it. No kidding. We have navigable farm ponds now, farm ponds declared navigable waters. No self-respecting duck would even land there.  We have regulation after regulation after regulation. I cannot talk to any manufacturer, any business, anyone in Kansas where I have the privilege of speaking without somebody raising their hand and saying: Pat, what on Earth are you doing back there passing all these regulations that really don't make any sense and are about to put me out of business?  My reply to them: I am not a ``you'' guy; I am an ``us'' guy; and I am sure trying to do something about that. I do have a bill on that, by the way, and I encourage my colleagues across the aisle to look at it. I will be talking to you personally.  These are all serious issues, but the most serious matter is the national debt. At the rate we are going, in a few short years we will spend more paying interest on the debt than on all discretionary spending outside defense. Mike Mullen has said this is the biggest threat to our national security: $14.3 trillion. He is right. His comments echo the calls I receive every day from Kansans.  There is a lot of rhetoric going on now, and I understand that. Perhaps I have added to it. If I have offended somebody, I apologize. But let's all take a deep breath, if we can. Debate and posturing is nothing new in this body. In American history, in the earliest days of our Republic, it was between Alexander Hamilton and the Federalists on one side and Thomas Jefferson and his allies on the other. The enmity between these men was so obvious through vitriolic rhetoric. Much of the mudslinging that occurred then would be considered out of bounds by today's standards of political discourse.  Well, as the debate raged on between the early parties over the drafting of the Constitution, it seemed possible that the great American experiment would be over before it even began. Edmund Randolph wrote to George Washington, who at that time had retired to private life, and begged him to ``rescue America from the impending ruin.''  Washington rose to the occasion the way a leader does. He did it for his country, for his fellow Americans. He showed leadership because it was the right thing to do. In the end, a compromise was reached--yes, it was a compromise--to have the Constitution as drafted by the Federalists but with the Bill of Rights included as drafted by the Jeffersonians.  Later, after being elected our Nation's first President, Washington was dismayed over the continuous bickering between Hamilton and Jefferson--not so much different than we are doing today--over a wide range of issues: how to interpret the Constitution, the powers of Congress, the relationship between the States and the Federal Government, and the public debt--even then. Sound familiar?  Well, amidst the feuding, George Washington wrote to Jefferson and said this:       How unfortunate, and how much is it to be regretted then,      that whilst we are encompassed on all sides with avowed      enemies and insidious friends, that internal dissension      should be harrowing and tearing our vitals.  That is pretty tough. That is the bottle we ought to drink from every morning and stop to think about it.  