  Our senior population has seen a very rapid growth in the 20th century. As of the year 2000, there were about 35 million people who were 65 years of age or older. Compare this with 3.5 million people at the beginning of the 20th century. Today, about 37 million people are 65 years or older. This amounts to about 12, 13 percent of our total population.  In 2011, the first baby boomers turn 65. This will mark the beginning of an explosion in our senior population. By 2030, the senior population will be twice as large, growing from 35 million to 70 million.  You may ask why I am citing these numbers. My Senate colleagues may think I am setting the stage for a lengthy discussion about our entitlement programs--Social Security and Medicare. While the impending entitlement crisis does require my attention, along with the attention of every Member of Congress--and very soon--I wish to discuss another issue that is at the center of this year's political debate, and that is that mean word ``taxes''--yes, taxes on our senior citizens. I wish to explain to my Senate colleagues and my friends in the media how seniors are taxed under current law. I also would like to talk about how the Republican and the Democratic Presidential candidates' tax plans will affect our senior citizens.  With a significant increase in our older population looming, those who are currently 65 and older--and those who will be turning 65 over the next 2 decades--should pay close attention to the tax changes that will be faced under a Republican administration and Senator McCain or a Democratic administration and Senator Obama as President. People should not only be wary of campaign promises, they must also understand the flaws in the various tax proposals being offered the voters this election season. Change may result in higher taxes.  I wish to start by picking up from a speech I gave back in July. That speech featured Rip Van Winkle. I have a picture of Rip Van Winkle up here on a chart. In that speech, I explained how a charismatic, likable, articulate, young Governor from Arkansas barnstormed across America in 1992 as the Democratic Presidential candidate. That candidate--now former President Bill Clinton--had a battle cry: ``putting people first'' and ``middle-class taxpayer fairness.'' It sounds familiar, doesn't it?  Another familiar tune is what candidate Clinton was saying in that same year, 1992. He said, if elected, ``the only people who will pay more income taxes are those living in households making more than $200,000 per year.''  If elected, the junior Senator from Illinois, the Democratic candidate, says that he will only raise taxes on families earning $250,000 or more.  But once candidate Clinton was sworn in as President Clinton, that campaign promise was quickly discarded. In 1993, President Bill Clinton and a Democratic Congress enacted the largest tax increase in history. Those are not my words. I will quote the great chairman of the Finance Committee at that time, New York Senator Patrick Moynihan, who termed it ``the largest tax increase in the history of public finance in the United States or anywhere else in the world.'' And much to the voters' surprise, the tax increase of 1993 was on people who earned more than $20,000, not just those earning more than $200,000, as candidate Clinton had said in that campaign.  So the moral of this story is that candidate Clinton, who promised middle-class tax relief, raised taxes on the hard-working middle-class taxpayers once he became President Clinton. This was obviously change that you could not believe in.  The reason I told that story was to tell this story back then. Not only did President Clinton raise taxes on the middle class, he raised taxes on seniors.  That is why I am speaking to my colleagues about the impact of tax proposals on senior citizens that are an issue in this election. That is right, taxes were raised on seniors.  What was this tax increase on seniors back in 1993? It was an added tax on Social Security benefits. Let me take a moment to explain how this tax currently works.  Prior to the 1993 tax increase, married seniors with incomes less than $32,000 did not pay taxes on their Social Security benefits. For single seniors, those with less than $25,000 paid no taxes on their Social Security benefits. However, single seniors with incomes over $25,000 and married seniors with incomes over $32,000 paid income tax on only 50 percent, or maybe for the people paying it, it was on the whole 50 percent of their Social Security benefits. The revenue raised from this tax is directed into the Social Security trust fund.  These rules remain in place today, but under the 1993 tax increase that President Clinton signed, senior citizens with incomes over $34,000 and married seniors with incomes over $44,000 were required to pay income tax on not 50 percent of their Social Security benefits but 85 percent of their Social Security benefits. So this so-called tier 2 Social Security tax is still part of our tax laws. The revenue generated from the tier 2 tax is directed to the Medicare trust fund.  Let me pause for a moment to show how many seniors actually pay tier 1, that is 50 percent, and tier 2, the additional 35 percent. We can see on this chart a number for 1994 and a number for 2005. In 1994, when the tier 2 tax became effective, almost 6 million seniors paid income tax on their Social Security benefits. This includes singles and married seniors.  Compare this with 2005, the most recent year we have accurate data from the IRS. Around 12 million seniors paid the tier 1 and the tier 2 Social Security tax. So you can bet your bottom dollar that seniors with incomes of less than $200,000 were surprised when they woke up to the fact that the tax increase of 1993 hit them.  Why were they surprised? Candidate Clinton assured them their taxes would not go up. Not only did their taxes go up, they had to give back a significant portion of their Social Security benefits to the Government, benefits that they worked a lifetime to receive.  Will America's seniors and the middle class, for that matter, wake up to higher taxes after the 2008 election? That is the key for my being here, to look at the tax debate going on in this election season for the Presidency. Will American seniors and the middle class, for that matter, have to wake up to higher taxes after the 2008 election?  Much like Rip van Winkle woke up to a different, changed world, will Senator Obama's change be something seniors can believe in? Could history repeat itself?  I wish now to explain how the 2001 and 2003 bipartisan tax relief benefits American seniors. The reason I call them the bipartisan tax relief bills is because it had bipartisan support, unlike the rhetoric of the campaign which is always referring to the Bush tax cuts.  If these were the Bush tax cuts, they would have been a heck of a lot bigger tax cuts than the bipartisan tax relief that is now the law of the land.  I wish to specifically focus on the reason for the 2003 tax relief because in 2003, Congress reduced the top tax rate on capital gains from 20 percent down to 15 percent. Congress also tied dividend income to the capital gains tax rate instead of the taxpayers' marginal tax rate. That is, of course, the same 15 percent as for capital gains.  For low-income taxpayers, the tax rate on capital gains and dividends is currently zero. How does a lower capital gains and dividend income tax rate benefit our senior citizens who have contributed so much to this country? Census Bureau statistics show that about 23 percent of the taxpayers claiming dividend income are senior citizens; in other words, 65 or over. A nonpartisan research group, the Tax Foundation, shows that nearly 26 percent of all taxpayers claiming capital gains are seniors 65 or over. So a considerable number of seniors rely on investment income as a cornerstone of their overall income.  The Democratic leadership may file on to this floor and tell you that the majority of seniors' income is locked away in retirement plans and IRAs and because of this, they don't need the favorable tax relief of capital gains and dividend income. I have news for anybody. First, as I pointed out, a large number of seniors rely on a stable flow of income that dividends provide. Add seniors' reliance on capital gains and you see that any reduction in investment income through higher taxes will hurt our hard-working senior citizens.  Let me show my Democratic colleagues and friends in the media the tax savings that seniors currently enjoy due to lower tax rates. As we can see on the chart, seniors with incomes under $50,000 earning dividend income see the biggest tax savings. Their tax liability is 17 percent less than it would be if the favorable tax relief expired. This portion of the chart also illustrates how much more seniors rely on this favorable tax treatment than taxpayers of all ages. For all other taxpayers, their tax liability is 7.6 percent less, as we can see from the chart, the first bar.  Let's look at seniors claiming capital gains. Same chart, as we can see. Seniors with incomes under $50,000 pay about 13 percent less in taxes than they would without the favorable tax relief in the 2003 capital gains law. That is a significant chunk of change for our hard-working seniors or, if they are retired, for having worked hard throughout their life.  So we can see my Democratic friends don't have a leg to stand on. They come out here--we have seen them and heard them--like the big bad wolf and huff and puff about how seniors do not benefit from the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rate. But the facts, as I presented them, are clear, and we get this information from foundations and study groups. Seniors rely on capital gains and dividend income to maintain their standard of living and pay their medical expenses. Seniors benefit significantly from the favorable tax treatment on capital gains and dividend income, especially low-income seniors.  The moral of this story is that lower tax rates on investment income means these seniors can keep more of their earnings to pay for life's necessities. Taking these tax benefits away from seniors by raising capital gains and dividends, these are people who will be hurt because they most typically liveoff of a fixed income and their standard of living would be severely impacted.  My Democratic colleagues in Congress actually want to take away the 2003 tax relief for seniors. For example, in March of this year, this body took a very important vote. I, along with my Senate colleagues, voted on an amendment to the budget that would have allowed the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rates to be extended beyond their sunset period of 2010. Every Democrat voted no. If the Democrats get their way, this favorable tax treatment will go away for seniors, raise taxes on seniors, and lower the standard of living of seniors. I voted to extend the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rate.  The senior Senator from Arizona voted yes. Interestingly, the junior Senator from Illinois voted no. My friend's vote is interesting because the junior Senator from Illinois is now barnstorming across America campaigning to be President, much as President Clinton did. On the stump, the Democratic candidate has stated he does not want the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rates to go away, at least for families earning less than $250,000 a year. Let me repeat, the junior Senator from Illinois, whose word is his bond, voted with this budget vote last spring to allow the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rates to expire, but now he is saying he wants this tax relief to stick around.  To a degree, I am glad for that change of heart, but the more I think about it, the more I wonder whether the junior Senator from Illinois will stick to this campaign promise if elected because he might find himself in a position like Candidate Clinton who failed to stick to his campaign promise when he became President not to tax the middle class. So maybe my Democratic friend will be the big bad wolf after all. Huff and puff and let the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rate expire. I am not sure if a President Obama will be living in such a brick house. His house may be made of straw and his campaign promise of extending the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rate for families earning less than $250,000 may be blown down.  Former President Clinton's promise was blown down, and we saw the biggest tax increase in history. That is what Senator Moynihan, chairman of the committee at that time, said. I don't want history to repeat itself.  Let's focus on how seniors would be affected under a Republican or a Democratic administration. Let me start with a Republican administration because Senator McCain's tax plan is straightforward. That is, the Senator from Arizona would continue the current 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rates beyond its sunsetting. He would also continue the tax rate of zero percent for low-income taxpayers. Yes, it is a very simple tax plan.  