 President, I wasn't present on the floor when the maneuvering that just took place happened that puts this Senate in a very difficult position, but it gets us into a very bad and dangerous situation.  The maneuvering of the Democratic leader and floor manager that was just done is not used very often in the Senate. In fact, substituting--putting a modification of a substitute that was agreed to by two separate committees that jointly brought this to the floor is something that I think is very unprecedented. This process of filling the tree so that only the majority party can decide what amendments can come up is not only dangerous and can keep this very important piece of legislation from being passed, but it is dangerous for the whole process of the Senate's comity in getting the job done.  As I said, this substitute was the product of two committees--not one committee but two committees--and by the overwhelming support of people on those committees that we needed to not only reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration and do everything we can to improve airport safety, as well as airport facilities, but also the financing of it, to make sure there is plenty of money available to get the job done.  On safety at the airports, we have the Commerce Committee doing their work. On financing it, we have the tax-writing Finance Committee making sure the money is available. These two committees do their work almost in a unanimous way, and it comes to the Senate floor. That ought to be a procedure that gets this bill through this body quickly, without a lot of controversy, and by an overwhelming vote that reflects the comity that went into it and that reflects the need of the airline industry, both for commerce and for the passenger.  These joint deals should not be taken lightly, and because one amendment is offered that a few powerful Senators do not like, and their unwillingness to set it aside so we could work on other amendments as we tried to work out a compromise was not accepted, they take this extraordinary measure that only a manager of a bill can do to ask to modify an amendment by taking out the provision of the bill which dealt with the Durbin amendment that was before the Senate. That is nothing else, just blatant political power to get around something that people did not want to deal with. This was something that was agreed to between the two committees. That move breaches the deal.  What is more, the Democratic leader has backstopped the breach of the deal by this procedure we call ``filling the tree'' so that only amendments can be offered that can get unanimous consent to offer them, and that is very difficult to do and is only done for the sole purpose of keeping the issue dealing with the Durbin amendment from debate and finality on the floor of the Senate.  All day long the floor managers could have set aside the Durbin amendment, as I said, and moved along to other business. That is what the Finance Committee does in similar situations. We have already heard speakers before me say there are very real possibilities of working out compromises on that amendment that the majority manager did not like.  Let it be clear that we could have processed other business if Senator Durbin would have deferred action on his amendment, and we would have been moving along. We would not be in this position that is dangerous from two standpoints: dangerous whether or not this important legislation can be passed, and dangerous from the standpoint of working together on other legislation that needs to be done in future weeks.  I yield the floor.  