 So the Kyl motion to instruct treats expiring tax relief the same as expiring spending. That reason alone, aside from the merits of the AMT patch and extenders, should be enough to get the support from all of us on the Kyl motion to instruct.  The bottom line is that pay-go has a bias toward tax increases and increased spending. We ought to have the same rules apply to the expenditure side as to the tax side. Presently, they do not. But this would make it possible for that to be the case.  The chairman of the Budget Committee continues to say he is going to bring in all this money from shutting down abusive tax shelters, which I also favor. Some examples are cross-border leases of foreign sewer systems, which he mentioned, or shutting down tax havens, which he mentioned. I would support him in every one of those efforts.  But Congress has done a great deal already, shutting down abusive leasing deals. We did that in 2004. The Senate has tried to shut off tax benefits from older deals, but the House Democrats have rejected closing those loopholes. So I do not see how the distinguished chairman can count on this revenue even though he keeps saying this is the answer to all of our offset problems--in other words, getting enough new revenue to offset tax cuts someplace else.  The chairman also continues to say we can get $100 billion per year from shutting down offshore tax havens, according to the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. The fact is, there are no legislative proposals out there that the Joint Tax Committee has scored to bring in anywhere close to the $100 billion we are led by the other side, by the majority, to believe we are going to be able to do.  The 12,748 companies the chairman says are in the Ugland House in the Cayman Islands are not claiming to be doing business there. It is simply their registered address, just like an address in Nevada or Delaware is a registered address of many more thousands of companies. Does the chairman have a picture of an office building in Wilmington, DE, or Reno, NV? I assume the chairman is just as willing to go after onshore tax evasion facilities by State corporate law as offshore tax evasion, and he would want to do so in a way that does not put our information exchange network at risk.  The chairman knows that it is the Joint Committee on Taxation that provides Congress with revenue scores, not the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. Anything that would raise the kind of money assumed in this budget would involve a significant change in tax policy, which is the last thing the chairman says he wants to do.  Again, I do not see how the distinguished chairman can count on all this revenue without assuming substantial tax increases when the Joint Committee on Taxation, the ``god'' of assuming revenue coming in under tax law changes--if that ``god'' cannot score it.  I yield the floor.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  