 That article deals with a very successful effort on the part of the present Senate Democratic whip to remove any extraneous matter that had been airdropped into a conference report on a popular tax relief bill by the then-Republican majority of the Senate. The offensive measure was a tax credit for payments made by tobacco companies in the tobacco court settlement. The Democratic whip successfully repealed that airdropped provision. I happened to think he did the right thing then because I supported his efforts. The Democratic whip noted his victory by saying, quoting from the New York Times article of September 11, 1997:       Don't try this type of backroom deal and deception in the      future. It is really an example of the old school of      politics, the old style of politics.  That is a quote from the very same person who is involved in this effort we are speaking about now and that we will be voting on this afternoon.  The distrust of the public for the old school of politics, the old style of politics, is something the junior Senator--not the senior Senator but the junior Senator from Illinois has eloquently raised on the Presidential campaign trail.  To be bipartisan, I might say, the senior Senator from Arizona, also a candidate for the Presidency, has also touched a nerve about the old school of politics and the old style of politics as well.  The Democratic whip was right 12 years ago. I agreed with him 12 years ago. I voted with him 12 years ago. Unfortunately, with respect to this airdrop pension provision, the old school of politics, the old style of politics was applied.  Now, what do I mean? In this case, old school, old style power politics was at play. A powerful member of the Democratic leadership, a key member of the Appropriations Committee, did an end run around the Finance Committee and also the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.  Forget about the nearly yearlong conference negotiations that went on to get a pension bill passed in 2006 as well. It was bipartisan and involved the work of two committees, which I have spoken to--that it is often difficult to get one committee together without getting two committees going in the same direction. Forget about the nearly yearlong conference negotiations on that pension bill. Forget about all the hearings the House and Senate tax-writing and labor committees held on pension reform in the year 2006. Forget about the delicate compromise worked out on the way the funding rules affected airlines.  All of a sudden none of that mattered. The Democratic whip noted his victory. None of that mattered. So, consequently, here we are: a person who 11 years ago found fault with the majority party airdropping something--in other words, stuffing something--in conference without debate, without hearings, without committee markup, doing the same thing 10 years later.  What he was able to successfully correct in 1997, we are trying to correct now. We have obstacles put in the way: things such as having a very unusual compromise worked out, junked by the managers of the bill, and backed up by an amendment tree being filled so nobody can get a vote on issues that ought to be voted upon. Compromises that were worked out in 2006 ought to be maintained and backed up, as they overwhelmingly passed at that particular time.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Menendez). The Senator from Louisiana.  