 The President is seeing the floods for the first time today. I appreciate Senator Harkin being there with him.  Senator Harkin and I are working closely together to make sure every base is covered in Iowa. We traveled throughout Iowa last weekend. We are meeting regularly to sort through everything that needs to happen. Today, we are covered, with him in Iowa with the President and me in the Senate to work for disaster recovery provisions in this very housing bill. The President has already named 55 of our 99 counties as Federal disaster areas.  More need to be named. I think he will see today the need to continue these declarations. During our tours through several communities last week, and hopefully again this weekend, we were pleased to see a great deal of coordination between FEMA, SBA, and our local officials. It sounded as though they were all talking with one voice, which is comforting to Iowans looking for guidance and support and, particularly, it looks a lot different than during Katrina, when it seemed like that was not particularly the case.  Today, many people are starting to get back in their homes and businesses. North of Iowa City, receding waters are bringing further heartache as residents salvage what they can and then throw away what was destroyed by the floodwaters. Those are the lucky ones. There are many who are determining whether they can salvage the house let alone what is inside.  Small communities downriver, such as Oakville and Columbus Junction, are completely submerged. Farms lost everything, including equipment, crops, livestock. The cities of Burlington and Keokuk are holding their breath to get through without devastation such as we have seen in Iowa City and Cedar Rapids.  Despite all this, Iowans continue to show their resiliency and heart. I was on C-SPAN's call-in program called ``Washington Journal'' earlier this week. People from all over the country called to say how proud they were of the way people in the Midwest, and particularly they were referring to Iowans, were pulling together and working to get through this disaster.  Of course, Senator Harkin and I could not agree more. Volunteers continue to be at the forefront of our efforts. Local churches have made heroic efforts. The Salvation Army and Red Cross have been in Iowa since the beginning. I cannot say enough about the local officials, including law enforcement, fire departments, and the Iowa National Guard.  I would like to extend my thank-yous to all my colleagues who have come forth showing their support. I think I can speak for both Senator Harkin and myself in saying we have had people in private coming up to us on the Senate floor. Having that happen is very gratifying.  Many of you have had similar events occurring in your own States and understand the pain we feel once again in Iowa. Our constituents are going to need the Federal Government's help. Senator Harkin and I have been meeting often and have also put together a coalition of Midwest Senators whose States were also hit.  I thank all my colleagues for giving our constituents the help they need as we continue down this road.  