 The chart shows the source of deficit reduction from 1990 through the year 2000. The tax increase represented only 13 percent, just 13 percent of the deficit reduction during that period. Other revenue, mainly from economic growth and defense spending cuts, made the deficit decline.  Even with the 1993 bill in effect, 2 years later the Congressional Budget Office projected President Clinton's budget as producing significant deficits as far as the eye could see.  But several events not related at all to the 1993 tax increase pushed the budget toward surplus until 1999. First, Republicans attained control of Congress in 1994 and made a deficit reduction a priority. Year after year, Republican Congresses resisted Democratic efforts to spend over tight budget caps placed in the Republican budget. Most often, President Clinton would extract additional spending in the end deal. Republican resistance, however, to popular Democratic spending proposals often had political consequences for Republican Members.  Second, revenues, especially capital gains revenues, grew after the bipartisan Tax Relief Act of 1997. The centerpiece of that bill was, ironically, a middle-class tax cut in the form of a $500-per-child tax credit. The child tax credit was a fundamental part of the Republican Contract With America.  Another key component of that bill was a reduction in the top capital gains rate from 28 percent down to 20 percent. It is down to 15 percent now, as a result of the 2003 tax bill, but then it went from 28 down to 20 in 1997.  As I said, there was a widely documented significant growth in capital gains revenue after that rate reduction in 1997, as there was with the rate reduction in 2003. Indeed, even the Clinton Treasury scored the reduction as a revenue raiser and was more than vindicated.  Finally, external factors aside from tax policy led to revenue growth. Free trade opened more markets to American goods and services. The Internet bubble started to form. It was burst in 2000 with the collapse of the NASDAQ and the business cycle yielded an economic expansion after the 1991 recession ended.  Economist J.D. Foster has documented this data. I commend to my colleagues WebMemo dated March 5, 2008, available on the Internet at www.heritage.org/Research/Taxes/wm1835.cfm.  At the end of the day, the justification for the tax flip-flop in 1993 mattered not one whit. Supporters of the 1993 tax hike can offer whatever reason they want for the record tax increase. A flip-flop of that size is, in fact, a flip-flop.  What they cannot dispute is their Presidential candidate promised a middle-class tax cut. Once they had the White House and congressional control, the other side abandoned the tax cut promise, raised taxes on Americans--not just above $200,000 a year but from $20,000 up.  That is not a tax cut. That is a middle-class tax increase. So, once again, like Rip Van Winkle, taxpayers do not want to wake up to that tax increase.  As a minimum, as the Presidential campaign unfolds, Americans need to keep this very clear history in mind. We need to probe the candidates in 2008 on where they want to go on tax policy so what they say in 2008 is done in 2009, not a repeat of what was said in 1992 and what was done in 1993. We need to be careful not to leave escape hatches on favorable sounding tax cut campaign promises.  In that vein, I will follow up on this discussion and the prior discussion with a later speech that concentrates on where each Presidential candidate stands this year on tax issues. I will examine these positions in the light of this history I have discussed--of the likelihood of each side, whether they will deliver on campaign tax policy positions.  To sum up, we are hearing from a very articulate and attractive Democratic Presidential candidate. On tax issues, as we heard 16 years ago from the soon-to-be President at that time, Bill Clinton, we are hearing a proposal to tax the rich this year to provide tax cuts for the middle class. We are hearing that this year.  The Presidential candidate on the Republican side has a different message. We need to explore that as well. His message, consistent with a Republican position for almost 30 years, hasbeen to continue progrowth, low levels of taxation. In light of history I look forward to discussing the two competing visions of tax policy in the future.  I yield the floor.  