 President, I would like to respond to the distinguished chairman. The Senator from North Dakota disputed the 9 percent increase I cited with respect to the discretionary spending.  Here's how the Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee reached that figure:  1. Take the increase in the President's budget--6.5 percent over last year.  2. Add the amount of $22 billion the budget assumes over that request.  3. These additions in discretionary are not offset.  4. Add the two together and you arrive at a 9 percent increase in discretionary.  5. I said a 9 percent increase in discretionary and I reconfirmed the figure with our Budget Committee staff.  As to the tax gap figure of $290 billion, I say to the chairman, that is the figure that is derived from career statisticians at the IRS statistics of income--``SOI''--Division. I will reiterate that these statisticians have cautioned us to not treat that figure like a revenue estimate.  I reiterate my recognition of the tax gap problem. I am pleased that Chairman Baucus has made this a top priority. I have been his teammate in that regard and will continue to be. All I would say is be careful about realism about the revenue we can raise and its timeframe. My inverted pyramid chart is a yardstick of that realism.  We should close the gap, but the revenue raised is what it is.  I am pleased that the distinguished chairman agreed that 15 percent is the knowable tax gap-related offsets in terms of scored proposals. I would caution everyone that the $44 billion annualized figures is the celing on the tax-gap related offsets. I will discuss this data in more detail as the debate proceeds.  The distinguished chairman's final point was that revenues have been flat since 2001. In fact, 2000 was an anomaly. The stock market had not burst and the chairman knows capital gains and other nonwithheld revenue pushed that number up.  We had a triple whammy hit to the economy in the next year, 2001. The stock market bubble burst, the corporate scandals rocked Wall Street andwhacked main street businesses, and the terrorist attacks occurred.  Because the economny was rocked, revenues dropped for 2001 and 2002. Revenues steadily came back after the economic growth plan of 2003 was put in place. Any review of the revenue baseline data would confirm what I have said.  I yield the floor.  