 This would allow seniors to maintain their current standard of living. These taxpayers will be able to age with dignity.  The Democratic Presidential candidate's tax plan for seniors is much more complicated. But first let's keep it simple. Although the junior Senator from Illinois voted to allow the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rates to expire, he is now saying he wants to keep this favorable tax treatment for families earning less than $250,000.  It seems the Senator from Illinois thinks the bipartisan tax relief is good and should continue for most taxpayers. However, his Democratic colleagues in the House and Senate don't seem to think so. After all, they voted to allow the 15-percent capital gains and dividend income tax rate to expire in that vote we had this spring.  I ask, if Senator Obama is elected on November 4, will he be able to convince his Democratic colleagues to continue this favorable tax treatment? President Clinton was unable to stop a Democratic Congress from increasing taxes in 1993. And I wouldn't want history to repeat itself.  I also want to spend some time discussing a proposal my friend from Illinois has discussed on the campaign trail. Senator Obama has proposed to exempt seniors with incomes less than $50,000 from income taxes. This sounds pretty good. I mean, for 2007, the median income for people 65 and over was close to $28,000. But if you take a closer look, there are a number of flaws.  These are not my words. The Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan think tank that has received notoriety for analyzing the tax plans of Senator McCain and Senator Obama, states that ``the proposal is poorly designed.'' They also say the proposal ``creates inequities between older and younger workers with the same income.'' The AARP, the powerful senior lobby, hasn't even highlighted the proposal in communications with its membership.  But I wish to highlight this proposal and expose its flaws because I don't want our seniors to believe in a campaign promise that can't be delivered.  First, the $50,000 exemption amount would not be indexed. This means it would erode over time, becoming less and less valuable to seniors.  Second, the $50,000 threshold is a cliff. That means a senior earning $1 over $50,000 won't qualify for the exemption and that senior might stop working to make sure they do not go over that cliff.  Third, the $50,000 exemption amount applies to both single and married taxpayers. This produces a marriage penalty that is unfair to married seniors.  Finally, this proposal exempting seniors making less than $50,000 from paying income taxes would add to the Social Security and Medicare deficits. This may not be such a big deal for seniors, but it is a big deal for those of us here in Congress who have to find solutions to the shortcomings of Medicare and Social Security.  Let me tell my colleagues, and of course the media, how this proposal would add to the Social Security and Medicare deficits. As I discussed earlier, our current tax laws require seniors with incomes over $250,000 and $32,000 to pay income taxes on their Social Security benefits. According to preliminary data released by the IRS, close to 14 million seniors paid income tax on their Social Security benefits in 2006. This is because many seniors continue to work. Or they retire, but earn interest income, capital gains dividends, or rental income. Even half of their Social Security benefits are taken into account for purposes of determining whether a taxpayer must pay income taxes on their Social Security benefits.  Now, there are many seniors who are earning less than $50,000 but more than $25,000 and $32,000. Currently, the income taxes these seniors pay on their Social Security benefits go directly to Social Security and Medicare. This means if these seniors are exempt from taxes, less tax revenue flows into the Social Security and Medicare. The trustees of these funds are already projecting that the Medicare trust fund will run out of money in 2019 and that the Social Security trust fund will follow in 2041.  The Senator from Illinois may say he will make up for this revenue loss by raising payroll taxes on families earning more than $250,000 a year, but his campaign has recently stated that any increase in the payroll taxes on these workers would be phased in over 10 years. This means the revenue Senator Obama was relying on to make up the revenue loss that would result from the seniors' tax exemption won't be there. I am not sure about you, but making a campaign promise that will balloon the Social Security and Medicare deficits is not good judgment, especially when baby boomers are on the verge of turning 65.  Now, I have saved the best for last, and I want to say it loud and clear so my friends in the media and our Nation's seniors can hear it: Seniors will see their taxes go down under Senator McCain's plan, especially married seniors. Low- and middle-income seniorswho are married will be taxed less than under the Democratic tax plan. Senior citizens will also enjoy tax relief under the McCain tax plan.  The Senator from Arizona is doing the right thing in reducing the corporate tax rates. After all, our Nation has the second highest corporate tax rate in the world. That causes companies to move their operations overseas. Both Senator Obama and Senator McCain have alluded to the competitive problem our corporations face because of high tax rates. There is an added benefit to reducing corporate rates. The answer is: a tax cut for middle-class seniors. Well, the incidence of the reduction of corporate tax rates falls on capital. The Congressional Budget Office tells me that the burden of the corporate tax falls on capital, and so does the Tax Policy Center.  So because seniors hold investments in corporations--as evidenced by the fact that almost a quarter of all Americans claiming dividends are seniors--they will see the benefits of lowering corporate tax rates. This means they will see their taxes go down if the corporate tax rate is reduced. Married seniors in particular will see their taxes go down more than under the tax plan of the Senator from Illinois, and in some cases the senior taxes would go up under the Democratic tax plan.  The Tax Policy Center has indicated that low-income seniors, those earning up to $32,000, would see their taxes go up by close to $150 under Obama's tax plan. Contrast this with Senator McCain's plan, where these same low-income seniors would see tax cuts of over $150.  The Senator from Illinois may not believe me. After all, he has promised no new taxes for families earning less than $250,000, and that these taxpayers would receive a tax cut. But here on this chart, it is in black and white. According to the Tax Policy Center, seniors with a total income up to approximately $24,500 and $32,000 would see a tax cut of $186 and $154 respectively. That is under the McCain plan. Under the Obama plan, these same seniors would see their taxes go up by $157 and $131 respectively. That is a tax increase. And if your income is around $83,000, you will see a tax increase of $364 under Obama. Compare that to a $431 tax cut under the McCain plan.  Let's look at single seniors. If you are a single senior with a total income around $21,000, you will see your taxes go up $118 under Senator Obama's tax plan and they will go down $140 under Senator McCain.  So I ask the Senator from Illinois whether he would like to revise and extend his remarks. He says no new taxes and tax cuts for people making less than $250,000. But as we can see here, that is not true. And the tax increase is on one of the most vulnerable segments of our society: our seniors.  I would like factcheck.org to post the Tax Policy Center's numbers on their Web site, and I want seniors in Pennsylvania, Florida, Ohio, Missouri, and my home State of Iowa to read this and study it. Don't buy a pig in a poke. Be wary of a unified government. We need to make sure that we install in the Presidency people who are going to keep tax rates low on seniors.  I yield the floor.  