 President, beginning in the third week of July, I have come to the floor quite often to compare the tax plans of Senator McCain and Senator Obama, our two Presidential candidates. I have talked about the relationship between party control and the likelihood of tax hikes or tax cuts. I have used the infamous thermometer chart to demonstrate. I am not going to go through all of it again because I have talked about it several times on the floor of the Senate.  But up on the top, you can see that when a Democratic President controls the White House and the Congress at the same time, you had the biggest tax increase. And then, if you come down through there, you find in various phases you have more or less tax decreases or tax increases, and you have the most tax decreases when you have a Republican President and a Republican Congress.  Now, that is over the last 28 years, approximately. In another speech I talked about the 1992 campaign promise of the middle-class tax cut. I contrasted the promised tax cut with the 1993 tax legislation that contained a world record price increase. I have used this chart that is going up there now to depict what it would look like with 16 years of tax hike amnesia and Rip Van Winkle.  In our first week back after the August recess, I returned to these topics and I discussed the effects of the proposed 17- to 33-percent increase in the top two rates. I focused on small business activity and how increased taxes hurt that small business activity and hurt the job creation machine of our great economy, which is small business.  Last week, I discussed the impact of Senator McCain's and Obama's tax plans on seniors. Earlier this week, I discussed the fiscal effects of Senator McCain and Senator Obama's plans. Today, I focus on how both tax plans would affect the middle class. The press and the candidates have focused a lot of attention on the middle class. In fact, I remember a speech of Senator Obama's alluding to something about he never heard Senator McCain in the debate last week say anything about the middle class.  Well, Senator McCain is not comfortable in the class war-type rhetoric that some people are comfortable using, and he talks about the middle class a lot when he talks about small business and working men and women. So we have heard a lot about the middle class. So I wish to concentrate on that.  My discussion today will focus on tax policy. But to get a handle on what is and is not middle-class relief, we need to see if we can define the term ``middle class.'' Today I think we need to get answers to several questions as we try to get to the bottom line of where Senators McCain and Obama are on middle-class tax relief.  The first question would be: What is the definition of ``middle class''? To get at this question, we need to see what the two candidates say about who is in the middle class and how their plan defines the middle class.  The second question would be: Where are Senators McCain and Obama on the current law of middle-class tax relief that is set to expire. I am referring to the family tax relief provisions that expire at the beginning of 2011 and the alternative minimum tax fix.  To get to that question, we need to look at where each candidate's record has been on bipartisan tax relief. We also need to look at what they plan to do with these expiring tax relief provisions, which means when the tax laws of 2001 and 2003 sunset December 31, 2010.  The third broad question is: Where would Senator McCain and Senator Obama further reduce or hike taxes on middle-class families? To get an answer to this question we will take a look at each of the candidate's new proposals for middle-class tax cuts.  If you turn to factcheck.org, you will find the definition is not simple about what is a middle class. According to factcheck.org, there is no clear definition of middle class. Here is what they say there:       Middle class means different things to different people and      politicians. There is no standard definition, and, in fact,      an overwhelming majority of Americans say they are middle      class or upper middle class or     working class in public opinion polls. Hardly anyone      considers themselves lower class or upper class in America.  I ask unanimous consent to have this material printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  