 In October 2003, the Finance Committee held hearings on the status of abusive tax shelter activities. During that hearing, we received anonymous testimony from a leasing industry executive that used the name Mr. Janet. He described how U.S. corporations were able to take tax deductions for such things as the Paris, France, sewer lines and the New York subway system. Major corporations were claiming tax deductions on taxpayer-funded infrastructure located in the United States and overseas.  Imagine our surprise when we learned that U.S. taxpayers were subsidizing the cost of electric transmission lines in the Australian outback. I find it hard to believe that a corporation was actually taking a tax deduction for the New York City transit car pictured here. However, that is exactly what greedy corporations were doing. Just like the greedy tax shelter promoters who were handing out U.S. taxpayer money to greedy corporations by selling these shady tax shelters to them, the House voted last night to put U.S. taxpayer dollars on the line to bail out tax shelter participants and perpetuate these abusive tax shelters.  If we look at all the key congressional players on this deal, we will find that, perhaps not by coincidence, nearly all of them represent areas where these transit shelter deals were done. These tend to be the biggest cities. They tend to be the areas where the shops that hired the sharpies that manufacture these tax shelters do business. Most of these key congressional players for years, especially when Republicans were in the majority, railed against tax shelters. Now we find that for these key congressional players, the imperatives of the transit lobby decisively outweigh the importance of cracking down on a tax shelter that a Federal judge rightly described as ``rotten to the core.''  This reminds me of the Joker from the 1989 version of ``Batman,'' who says: ``I'm giving out free money.'' You know the Joker, as shown on this chart. You have seen him. ``I'm giving out free money.'' As we all know, money is not free. Unfortunately, the joke here has been--and will again be if we do not do something about it--on the American taxpayer. Literally, the guarantee continues the cruel tax shelter joke on the American taxpayers' dime.  I urge my colleagues in the Senate to not allow this cruel joke to be played on the American taxpayers. I have fought against these tax shelters in the past, and I will continue to fight against them in the future. This provision puts taxpayers' dollars on the line and perpetuates an abusive tax shelter. In fact, it puts the U.S. Government in the position of guaranteeing tax benefits that corporations, including foreign corporations--again, I want to emphasize--hope to reap from engaging in these tax shelters. So as Senator Baucus has just done--and I thank him for his leadership--I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill which contains a bailout for tax shelter participants.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Whitehouse). The Senator from Kentucky.  