 President, I want to visit with my colleagues for a bit about the tax treatment of health insurance. Republicans and Democrats who have studied the issue agree that the current tax treatment of health insurance is inequitable. Others believe our current tax rules increase health care spending and contribute to the growing number of uninsured, to add to other negative aspects of the present tax treatment of health insurance. Congress needs to take a very hard look at the Tax Code when it takes up health care reform.  There are a number of ways to structure a proposal that would change the tax treatment of health insurance. Today, I wish to talk about the way Senator McCain structures his proposal to change the tax treatment of health insurance. The reason I want to do this is because, as the senior Republican tax writer, it is my obligation to set the record straight.  For too many weeks, I have heard inaccurate statements made about McCain's proposal for a tax credit for health insurance proposals, and I have heard them from mostly Democrats. For example, my friend, the senior Senator from Illinois and the majority whip, was on the floor of this Chamber on Thursday, September 11, saying that ``Senator McCain will tax Americans' health insurance.'' The very next day, the junior Senator from Ohio, in an exchange with the majority whip, also said that Senator McCain ``wants to tax those health care policies that tens of millions of Americans have.'' The senior Senator from Delaware has also been saying Senator McCain wants to tax people's health insurance--not here on the floor but on the campaign trail as the Democratic nominee for Vice President. He has also been saying that in television interviews. The junior Senator from Illinois consistently makes this explosive claim on the stump.  Well, using the words of my distinguished friend: Enough. Whether or not the tax credit for health insurance proposals taxes a worker's health insurance, the claims that have been made are half-baked, and this is the reason: The critics of the McCain plan fail to mention a key component of his proposal. That key component is that Senator McCain would provide every American who purchases health insurance a tax credit.  It appears that the critics overlook--or maybe they just don't understand--that the tax credit provides a bigger tax benefit to people than they would receive under the current system. So people would be better off under the McCain plan. Don't the critics want to help lower and middle income workers better afford health insurance? Don't they want to help the uninsured? Senator McCain is on the side of these Americans, while his critics are favoring the status quo.  Another false claim I have heard is that the tax credit proposal would ``deny the deduction employers can take when they pay for all or a portion of their employees' health insurance.'' Again, that is flat wrong. Even Senator Obama has said that employers will pay taxes on health insurance under the McCain plan.  In the recent Presidential debate, my friend from Illinois said:       Here's the only problem: Your employer now has to pay taxes      on health care that you're getting from your employer.  I am taking the floor now to tell the junior Senator from Illinois and his Democratic colleagues, and especially the American people, that Senator Obama's description of his rival's proposal is inaccurate. Employers--and I emphasize this--will not pay taxes on the health insurance they offer to their workers.  I want to discuss how this issue is playing out in the media. Here is one instance. This past Sunday, on ABC ``This Week,'' Senator McCain was interviewed. In the interview, Senator McCain was asked about the accuracy of Senator Obama's claim that the McCain proposal for the tax credit for health insurance would ``tax health benefits for the first time by taking away the deduction that employers now get to provide health benefits.''  Here are the facts: The McCain plan does not--I repeat, does not--take away the employer deduction.  Employers will not pay taxes on health benefits. Businesses will continue to be able to deduct health care expenses as they do now, and they will continue to be able to provide health care, as they do now.  For employers, then, there will be no change. No change. Finally, and most importantly, Senator Obama's campaign has consistently stated that the McCain tax credit proposal would ``raise taxes on the middle class.''  The left-leaning think tanks, funded by the likes of George Soros and company, have been making that same claim. So again I say enough. The McCain tax credit for health care insurance proposal would not increase taxes on the middle class. To the contrary, the proposal would provide low- and middle-income workers with, get this, a tax cut. But do not take my word for it. I would like to have you listen to the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan think tank that has received notoriety for analyzing the tax plans of Senator McCain and Senator Obama.  The Tax Policy Center illustrates that the McCain tax credit for health insurance produces a tax cut for workers. Len Burman, director of the Tax Policy Center, said, ``It is mostly a tax break,'' when he was interviewed by CBS News on September 15.  I ask unanimous consent to have the CBS News report printed in the Record.  