 President, yesterday afternoon I discussed the burden that high gas prices are having on all Americans, and not just on my constituents in Iowa but all over this great country. I think now that most of my colleagues in the House and Senate know that high gas prices mean less discretionary income for people--less discretionary income to spend at the mall, to spend at the farmers market, less discretionary income to buy ice cream on hot summer days, and less discretionary income to save for a rainy day.  I can assume my Democratic colleagues know that actions that take discretionary income away from the American people are detrimental to those people and detrimental to the overall economy--detrimental to their way of life and detrimental to our country's future. I guess I don't have to assume folks on the other side know this. This body has been debating the issue of escalating oil prices and energy for the better part of this week. I heard countless accounts from my Democratic colleagues about how their constituents are hurting. So I think my friends on the other side get it. They get that taking the hard-earned dollars out of the pockets of their constituents is detrimental to those constituents.  What my Democratic friends don't get is that raising taxes has the same effect. Raising taxes takes hard-earned dollars out of the pockets of their constituents. Don't folks on the other side think this is a problem? It is a problem for their constituents' way of life, and it multiplies into problems for our economy. It is a problem for our country's future. But I don't think the leadership on the other side understands this fundamental fact. So I guess folks on the other side just don't get it.  Is this change Americans can believe in? If they are not being told the entire story, how can they know what to believe? If the leadership on the other side isn't telling the entire story, the folks in the media need to. And I believe folks in the media are well enough educated to know what the truth is and to spread the truth. So I challenge our media friends and beltway pundits--a little like I did yesterday in remarks here--to report that higher taxes means less discretionary income, it means slower economic growth, and it won't mean more revenue for the Government to spend. It is too bad that people are of the frame of mind that if you raise tax rates, you bring in more revenue, and if you reduce tax rates, you lower revenue. I like to disabuse people of those facts.  Yesterday, I also told the beltway punditry and related press people to stop referring to the bipartisan tax relief of 2001 as the Bush tax cuts. These are the talking points of the leadership on the other side of the aisle that the press seems to somehow eat up because it gets repeated. It is just a fact of life: Bush gets all the credit for the tax cuts. Well, it is intellectually dishonest, and it gives Americans the impression that the bipartisan tax relief that was passed back then--7 years ago--is bad.  But then again, what should we expect from the other side of the aisle and their leadership's campaign? Everything coming out of that shop tends to be poll-driven. Take a poll the night before, and whatever the people are telling you the night before, that is what the message is the next day as opposed to being more concerned about good policy being good politics.  The 2001 tax relief put more money into the pockets of hard-working Americans, and they are better off for it. Sure, the leadership on the other side of the aisle wants the voters to believe tax relief is bad. The junior Senator from Illinois wants the voters to believe raising taxes will solve all problems. The distinguished Senator also wants voters to believe taxes will only be raised on people who earn lots of money, where there isn't the money to solve all the problems. His party wants people to believe there are no downsides for taxpayers, no downsides for economic growth if income taxes go up by 10 percent, even if taxes are raised on families making $250,000 or more.  Now, it is too bad, but the media seems to believe this propaganda and ignores the fact that the economics behind it are not responsible and factual, because that is the report they put out there, so that is what the people hear.  The Democratic leadership has also successfully convinced the media that raising taxes will bring in more revenue. I want to remind the media that the bipartisan tax relief brought in more revenue than was projected, much more revenue than what the 1993 Clinton tax increase brought in over a comparable period.  I have a chart here that I would like the media to take a look at, a chart which illustrates that lower taxes have generated record revenues.  See, you have the actual revenues that came in and you have the projected revenues before we lowered taxes. This chart illustrates that Federal tax revenues have been and generally continue to be coming into the Federal Treasury at or above the historical average--and the historical average, the way I say it, is the last four decades--of about 18.2 percent of gross domestic product. Now, what does that 18.2 percent of gross domestic product mean? It means that by lowering the tax rates, as we did in 2001, it does not in any way gut Federal tax revenue.  But how easy is it to explain to people who don't look at economics every day that if you lower tax rates, you are going to bring in less revenue; if you raise tax rates, you are going to bring in more revenue? Because that is kind of what common sense might tell you. But the study of economics and what really happens by the facts are two different things. You can keep tax rates where they historically have been for the last 40 years, about 18 to 19 percent of gross domestic product--and when they were at 20, we reduced them down to that point; in fact, even a little bit less growth has brought them back up--and you can do it without hurting the Federal Treasury. In fact, you can enhance it. Do you know why? Because of the dynamics of our economic system, of our market system. When you let 137 million taxpayers, with more money in their pockets, decide how to spend the money--and probably in 137 million different ways--it does more economic good than when 535 Members of Congress decide how to do it. But you know, some have the attitude around here that the judgment of 535 Members of Congress is much better than the judgment of 137 million taxpayers, so we don't need to raise taxes in order to generate revenue.  So to the media people: Don't believe the Chicken Littles. I have a chart here of Chicken Little, who says that the sky is going to fall if we keep taxes low.  I can't let my colleagues on the other side and some of the skeptics in the press say to the American public that if you earn less than $250,000 a year, you won't see higher taxes, so I have these news flashes:  News flash: You don't have to be earning $250,000 to invest money in the stock market.  News flash: You don't have to be earning $250,000 to have real estate holdings.  News flash: You don't have to be earning $250,000 to have your savings in mutual funds.  All those flashes prove that if you earn less than $250,000 a year and youhold these investments, guess what--you will be paying more taxes. Let me take a closer look so I can demonstrate that is what is going to happen.  In 2003, Congress reduced the top tax rate on capital gains, lowering taxes again from 20 percent to 15 percent. Congress also did the same thing for dividend income, tied it with the capital gains tax rate at 15 percent. For lower income taxpayers, we thought they ought to have an incentive to save, so the tax rate on capital gains and dividends for low-income taxpayers is zero--that is zero with a ``z.'' Millions of low-income taxpayers receive dividends and capital gains. All of these taxpayers are not making more than $250,000.  To help out the media, I will illustrate these points with yet another chart. As you can see from this chart, over 24 million tax returns reported dividend income. In Iowa, for instance--my State--over 299,000 families and individuals claimed dividend income on their returns.  Another chart we have deals with capital gains. The first one dealt with dividends, now this one with capital gains. Nationally, 9 million families and individuals claimed capital gains--9 million families--and in my State of Iowa, over 127,000 of them. Now, that is a lot of taxpayers who are not earning a lot of money. So I want the media to report that. It doesn't seem to get reported. I want to see news reports that say something like this: ``Even if the other side's Presidential candidate's plan raises taxes on folks making $250,000, millions of taxpayers make less than $250,000 and will still see a tax increase.''  That is end of my proposed quote, but you will never see it in the newspaper.  I also want my friends in the punditry and media to connect the dots. If more people are paying higher taxes, the result is less discretionary income and of course slower economic growth. That is the same thing that is going on with high gas prices. The press doesn't seem to have a problem reporting that fact, but it still ends up with the consumer having less discretionary income.  I fought both Democrats and Republicans. I hope I have a reputation of taking on a cause and not worrying about whether it is a Republican cause or Democrat cause. So I have fought both to ensure that our country is on the right course. That course must be and is economic prosperity. I wish to see a real discussion of the negative implications of changing current economic policy. With high gas prices squeezing taxpayers, it is more compelling than ever.  Let's clear away the fog about what is meant to be negative about the Bush tax cuts, because broad-based tax increases are not gauzy ``feel good'' economic changes. Let's examine the benefit of keeping taxes low.  While I have the floor, I wish to speak on an issue that is coming up for a vote. This is the Medicare vote in a little while.  The vote we are going to take later today is a very important one--important for our senior citizens and important for all health care practitioners around the country. The outcome of that vote will determine whether we begin working together again on a bill that the President will sign. For the sake of 40 million Medicare beneficiaries, I am here now to urge my colleagues to defeat the cloture motion today. Then we can get to work on a bipartisan basis and write a bill that can be signed into law. That is something Senator Baucus and I know how to do.  This afternoon the Senate will be voting to move forward on a bill that will be vetoed and will mean a lot of lost time--not only for the Senate, but we have to get these things done by July 1. With a Presidential veto, I doubt we will. This is a pointless exercise, then, that can be stopped in its tracks by a ``no'' vote on cloture.  What is worse, the reality is that the bill is not even ready for serious consideration. Members of the Senate, it is very incomplete, obviously incomplete. It was introduced with blanks and brackets. It will not become law.  It cuts oxygen reimbursement. It cuts power wheelchair reimbursement. It threatens future physician updates. The danger is July 1, doctors get cut 10.6 percent if we do not intervene. It is a partisan bill that delays bipartisan consideration of the Medicare bill.  While the Senate wastes time with this bill, millions of taxpayers' dollars in administrative costs are also going to be wasted because the Center for Medicare Services has to program their system to not have the physicians' pay cut go into effect July 1. But they can only do that if Congress can pass a bill that can be signed by the President.  Voting for this bill is the same as asking for the physician pay cut to go into effect. If it does, then CMS has to potentially hold millions of claims, to process them later. That costs millions and millions of dollars a week. If the Senate votes cloture on this bill, we may as well be taking a match to millions of taxpayers' dollars.  We had been working in a bipartisan process that could get us a bill that could be signed into law. For some reason the majority walked away from the table. That was kind of recently, during the end of May. With all due respect to my friends on the other side of the aisle, in the 3 weeks since they have produced a bill that, for all the rhetoric we are hearing about it, is not worth the paper it is printed on. It will not become law. It will be vetoed.  Meanwhile, doctors in this country are looking at the calendar, wondering what their payment will be after June 30, and wondering whether they can still afford to see Medicare patients. They are wondering if they have enough cash reserves if Congress doesn't get its act together.  I want to say something to the doctors back home who are listening to this debate. They tend to be very busy, so I don't expect a lot of them to be listening, but if they are I want to have them hear this. Your insider Washington lobbyists are telling you that supporting cloture is the best way to prevent the physician pay cut from going into effect July 1. I think these high-paid lobbyists here in Washington are giving you, the family practitioners and surgeons and interns back home, bad advice. It is a good thing they are not giving the advice to real patients, as you do, if this is the kind of judgment they would use. The fact is, a vote in support of cloture is the absolute worst thing that could happen if you want the physician payment update addressed by the date it ought to be ready for CMS to carry it out, July 1.  If 60 Senators support cloture we will move to pass a bill out of the Senate. Of course that will be a bill that will be vetoed. Then the Senate will sit down with the House on a partisan basis and produce a compromise that has even more spending yet, and is even more liberal and more certain to be vetoed. Then it will be voted on in the House and come back here for a vote. Then, finally, it will go to the President where it will be vetoed. Then we will have a veto override that will certainly fail.  Then and only then--how many weeks away that is I don't know--we will sit down again on a bipartisan basis to write a bill that will become law. Given how quickly things move around here, that could well be at election time. If cloture fails, I am ready to roll up my sleeves and go to work tonight. So, to all the doctors listening to this wherever you are--in your hospitals, your homes--and to folks who pay dues to groups such as the American Medical Association and to the American College of Physicians, hear me when I say the people telling you that supporting cloture is the way to get the physician payment update done fastest do not deserve the jobs they hold and the hundreds of thousands of dollars you pay them. The answer is a simple one. We need to defeat the cloture motion today and we need to get back to bipartisan work to protect Medicare for America's seniors and the providers who serve them.  Yesterday Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, and I introduced a bill, S. 3118, to address the problems we face in Medicare. The Democrats are blocking our bill from getting a vote today. It is too bad, because this is a very good bill. I spoke of some of the provisions of this bill in the last several days. It is a bill that clearly serves Medicare beneficiaries. Our bill reduces medication errors with stronger e-prescribing provisions. This will help ensure that our seniors' health care is not compromised by duplicative, dangerous, and incompatible prescriptions.  Our bill helps patients who have had a heart attack with cardiac and pulmonary rehab. Our bill ensures thatseniors who need access to outpatient therapy services will continue to receive the therapy they need.  I am very pleased our bill pays a tribute to our beloved departed colleague, Senator Craig Thomas of Wyoming, by including a number of provisions that protect access for beneficiaries in rural America. Specifically, our bill would accomplish helping rural America by addressing inequitable disparities in the Medicare reimbursement between rural and urban providers, and helps ensure these providers are able to keep their doors open.  By continuing to fund two important and very successful programs to combat diabetes, our bill helps people with that dread health problem.  Finally, our bill includes a number of extensions to help low-income seniors and families.  As we close this debate--and the vote is about 35 minutes away--I think the vote is a very simple one. The President will sign a bill that preserves Medicare for American seniors and the providers who serve them. The President will sign a bill that will provide increases in payments for rural health care in America. The President will sign a bill that reduces payments to Medicare Advantage. The President will also sign a bill promoting value-based purchasing, electronic prescribing, and electronic health records. The President will then sign a bill that does not require cuts in oxygen payments or payments for power wheelchairs.  Unfortunately, regarding the bill we will be voting cloture on, the vote is to move forward on a bill that is not a bill. I have described that. I am not going to go into greater detail.  People back home often don't understand votes on procedural motions such as the one we call cloture, which we will have at 3. But this one ought to be very easy to understand. Voting for this bill is a step backward; it is not a step forward. It will not become law, and we have to get something to the President that he will sign by July 1 to avoid doctors taking Medicare cuts of 10.6 percent.  I ask my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the cloture motion so we can get to work on a bill the President will sign. Let's set aside partisan games and get to work protecting Medicare for America's seniors.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, since I do not see other speakers, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Nelson of Nebraska). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  