 I am going to kind of use some words that I think he spoke to me last year, and I would not say they are an absolute quote, but it went something like this: Chuck--that is my first name. This was in private. You do not call us by our first name on the floor of the Senate. But something like this was said to me: Chuck, hold off on this. We will do this on the farm bill in 2007.  Well, we did do the farm bill in 2007, but we do not have it done yet. Anyway: Chuck, hold off on this. We will do this on the farm bill in 2007. You know you have the votes there.  So I backed off and I waited, as has been verified by the chairman of the committee. Everyone knows what happened. His colleague, Senator Dorgan of North Dakota, and I worked hard over a period of a couple years to be able to offer an amendment of a $250,000 hard cap to the commodity programs on the Senate floor to the farm bill. Do you know what. We had a majority. We had 56 Senators who voted to support this hard cap. I can tell by looking at some other Senators here, we probably had 58, but there were reasons otherwise for voting. But leadership--and all I can say is in a generic way--leadership imposed a supermajority requirement on the amendment. We did not have 60 votes. So if you do not have 60 votes around here, sometimes you do not get anything done.  At this point there is no guarantee we are even going to have a farm bill. I think we will, but I cannot guarantee it. I do not like to say this because I am very hopeful that we will, but there are a lot of hurdles to jump before we get there. We have not been able to come up with acceptable offsets that the administration can agree to. We have not been able to find a structure for the Finance Committee's assistance that the House can live with. The House has not even named conferees, so we have not even begun to engage in the very serious, substantive policy issues that get us to finality, even though there is a lot of talk going on and there are a lot of meetings going on. So this year, we are back where Iwas a year ago on the budget. Last week, Senator Allard and I offered an amendment on payment limits during committee consideration of the budget resolution. This amendment would limit commodity payments and allocate the savings to nutrition. The amendment was agreed to by a bipartisan vote of 13 to 9.  Here I am to put everybody on notice that this $250,000 hard cap should be carried through to the conference report. I want to have an adequate safety net for family farmers in the tradition of farm programs for six, seven, or eight decades, where it was targeted toward small- and medium-sized producers, people who maybe cannot ``weather the storm'' as the big gigantic farmers can. That storm can be natural or it can be politically instituted or it can be internationally instituted--a lot of things beyond the control of the family farmer. So we have had a safety net to guarantee a stable supply of food for our people, both for social cohesion as well as for national defense.  Now, in recent years, however, assistance to farmers has come under increased scrutiny by urban communities and the press.  Do we have a chart? Yes, we have a chart here I wish to have you look at.  The law that is now being administered maybe has unintended consequences, but they are real consequences. The law creates a system that is clearly out of balance. If we look at the results posted on this chart, we have a system where 10 percent of the farmers--the biggest farmers--get 73 percent of the benefits out of the farm program, and the top 1 percent gets 30 percent. I am not saying these corporate farms should not have a safety net like everyone else. This amendment is not means testing anybody. But it is saying at some point: Enough is enough. We have to set a hard cap, a hard level of payments that is equitable to all producers, no matter their size, with emphasis upon helping small- and medium-sized farmers.  My amendment adopted in committee and included in this resolution will help revitalize the farm economy for young people, at the same time saving taxpayers money or, better yet, using that money in nutrition where it will do some good for lower-income people.  The amendment will put a hard cap on farm payments at $250,000. I want to make a very clear distinction here. Even if we have a farm bill--because the arguments are going to be made against this bill: We are in negotiations on a farm bill. Why mess with this in a budget? Well, if we do have a farm bill, I have a feeling it is going to end up relaxing payment limit laws that we have in the 2002 farm bill. The House of Representatives, in their farm bill, actually increases direct payment caps. And both the House and the Senate totally eliminate the cap on marketing loan gains, making them virtually unlimited.  So you have farm bills passed by both Houses that you could drive a gigantic 9620 John Deere tractor through--and those are big tractors. I will support trying to lower the adjusted gross income limits, but I have seen a lot of data that suggests that not many farmers are going to be kicked out of the program if they are filthy rich, do not need the help, do not need the support, do not need to be subsidized to get bigger. They have the ability to get bigger on their own economic entrepreneurship. We should not have to subsidize them.  In addition, I have evidence that the U.S. Department of Agriculture is not even enforcing current law, the current adjusted gross income cap of $2.5 million. So what makes us think they are going to enforce something at $500,000?  This to me is more than just economics of the farm program. This is about good government. This is about responsibility to the taxpayers. Most importantly, this is about protecting the livelihood of America's small and midsize farmers who you might say are protected anyway because there is a safety net for them.  But my point is, you pay these 10 percent of the biggest farmers 73 percent of all the money out of the pot that is set aside for support for farmers, and we are going to lose urban support for the farm safety net, and small, medium, or big, there is not going to be any farm safety net, and someday you are going to wonder why there is not enough food in America.  I want to take a minute to outline some of the folks who have supported this in the past. All 12 Democrats on the Budget Committee have voted to support this measure at one time or another. Last week, we had 13 votes in favor of a $250,000 hard cap, including a majority of Democrats. We have support from groups that are concerned about hunger in America or hunger in the world. We have the support of environmental groups. We have churches backing this. We have small and beginning farmer advocates.  Let me remind this body of a report that was put out because of the 2002 farm bill. Remember, we had this argument in 2002. We won overwhelmingly in the Senate. It was taken out in conference because of big corporate farm interests that were on the House Agriculture Committee, and they are probably still there, even though it is under Democratic leadership.  We did not get these limits. So we had a commission report: Let's study this. Let's find out what we can do to make sure that 10 percent of the biggest farmers do not get 73 percent of the benefits out of the program.  Well, do you know what the report said. After about 2 years of study, it said: Do exactly what was done in the Senate in 2002. And that is exactly what we got 56 votes to do a couple months ago when the farm bill was up in the Senate--but not 60 votes to get over that hurdle.  The report also said that the 2007 farm bill is the time for these reforms to be made as part of a change in permanent law.  Well, that time has come. By supporting the policies included in the Allard-Grassley amendment, we can allow young people to get into farming and lessen the dependence upon Federal subsidies. This will help restore public respectability for public farm assistance by targeting this assistance to those who need it.  You might remember the last time we had a vote on payment limits was on the budget bill. Many of our colleagues said they agreed--no. The second time back we had a vote on this was on a budget bill. Well, at that time it was argued: Wait until the 2007 farm bill. It needs to be done on a farm bill. Well, you know what happened. You change the rules in the middle of the game. You think 51 votes will get an amendment adopted around here. Then somebody says: Well, we can't beat Dorgan and Grassley with a majority vote, so we will somehow scramble around and wiggle the rules--and I don't know what all it takes; and it will never be in the history books--but it happens that all of a sudden you need 60 votes to get something done around here. We only got 56 votes, so we did not get it done.  But to all my colleagues who said: Wait, a couple years back during the budget debate, we are done waiting. We will not be brushed off again. Payment limits must be done now, and waiting for a stalled farm bill is not an appropriate strategy. I call upon my colleagues to back this commonsense measure which a majority of this body has supported numerous times in the past. I hope we can count on our Senate colleagues to support the Senate position on payment limitations in conference.  I yield the floor and thank all of my colleagues who were patient while I expressed my views.  