 He has pointed out what the intention is, which is not to preclude something less than $50 billion, and that brings us back to the possibility of a bipartisan compromise, assuming we don't have reconciliation.  I will go on then to certain CMS regulations and how they are treated in the budget resolution. I know some people have concerns with the CMS Medicaid regulations. I will not argue that these regulations are perfect. In fact, I have written for my constituents a lot of letters to CMS raising questions about some of these regulations. However, the regulations do address areas where there are problems in Medicaid. Somehow I read this budget resolution as not recognizing those real problems. States don't have clear guidance and could be inappropriately spending taxpayers' dollars. We ought to make sure that since Medicaid is a Federal-State program, that we have 50 States to deal with, they ought to have as much assurance as they can have in our basic law and regulations as to what they can do and not do. We ought to be concerned that they know that. Because if they do something wrong, we pay over half. In my State, we pay 62 percent of the cost of Medicaid. So let's talk about how many dollars might be involved.  The budget resolution provides for $1.7 billion that is going to be addressed by these regulations. The amount is only to delay the regulations until the end of March of next year in hopes the next administration will pull back those regulations. Of course, that is what the people who are supporting this provision are hoping for. What would it cost if we tried to completely prevent these regulations from ever taking effect? Not the $1.7 billion that is in this budget resolution to get us through to March of next year. It would actually cost taxpayers $19.7 billion over 5 years and $48 billion over 10 years. Let me emphasize that, $48 billion over 10 years. It is a farce, from my position, an absolute farce for anyone to argue that all those dollars are being appropriately spent and that Congress ought to walk away from these issues, forget about what CMS is trying to do to bring some rationale to the spending of taxpayer dollars.  CMS still has a fundamental responsibility to combat fraud, to prevent inappropriate spending, and to protect the integrity of the Medicaid Program. This budget resolution tells CMS to stop your work. Take the rest of the year off. Your work is no longer necessary.  This is a serious mistake. What we ought to do is have an instruction that requires the Finance Committee to replace the regulations. Instead of making the regulations go away, the Finance Committee ought to be taskedwith replacing them with a policy that fixes the problems. That is what we should be doing for the American taxpayer.  So let's review what we have in the budget resolution. First, we have a stealth reconciliation provision that promises to place politics over getting important policies accomplished. Second, we have an SCHIP provision that abandons the bipartisan progress made in 2007, recognizing the dialog I had with the chairman of the Budget Committee on that point, after I made my point. Third, we have a Medicaid provision that carelessly abandons the integrity of programs in several key areas, costing, if it would stay in place forever, $48 billion over 10 years. With spring training in full swing, I would like to borrow a baseball analogy. That is one, two, three--well, you know all the rest.  I have some comments I wish to make about the provisions that might be offered in what is called the tax relief measures and particularly those that might not be included in an amendment that is going to be offered from the other side of the aisle. I would like to define for my colleagues some of the widely applicable expiring tax relief provisions that are not going to be covered by an amendment that I think is going to be offered by my friend from Montana, Senator Baucus, in an amendment he has. I know already that Senator Gregg, the ranking Republican on the Budget Committee, has pointed this out, that the lower rates on capital gains and dividends would rise after 2010, under the pending amendment. That means that lower income taxpayers', those in the 10- and 15-percent tax brackets, capital gains rates rise from the current zero rate to 10 percent.  It means for dividends for the same group, the tax rate would go from zero rate to either 10 or 15 percent. Why would anybody want to discourage people who are in those brackets, usually lower income earning people, from having to pay a higher rate of tax on their savings, when the rate of savings in this country is at such a low level compared to other countries? In fact, last year it was a negative savings rate for all America. For all other taxpayers, though, the capital gains rate would go up 33 percent, from 15 percent to 20 percent. For those taxpayers, the dividend rate would go from 15 percent to as high as 39.6 percent on dividends as opposed to capital gains.  As important are marginal tax rate hikes that would kick in after the year 2010. Here I am talking about all the tax brackets above the 15-percent bracket. We have a chart that tells exactly what is going to happen with each of these and how many families and individuals are being affected by these tax rates--who are going to have the tax rate increase. The chart shows the current law brackets and the number of tax-paying families and individuals in each bracket. The data is the latest available from the Internal Revenue Service Statistics of Income Office. There are four brackets above 15 percent. The first is a 25-percent bracket which contains 22 million families and individuals. The next bracket is 28 percent. There are almost 4 million tax-paying families and individuals in that bracket. The next bracket is the 33-percent bracket. There are 1.5 million tax-paying families and individuals in that bracket. And the top bracket is 35 percent, and in that 35-percent bracket is almost a million people. This is a group whom you will hear most about from the other side. Even it is a sizable group, 963,000 people. It contains a lot of stable and long-term small business owners who create most of our jobs. The other side would like to leave the impression that these are nothing but Wall Street moguls.  If we were to raise this rate, as proposed, to 39.6 percent, the small business owners would be facing a 13-percent penalty vis-a-vis the largest corporations in the land.  Now where do you get the idea that is good for America, that small businesspeople, sole proprietors filing individual taxes and in the business of creating jobs, ought to pay 13 percent more than what corporations pay? In fact, the whole purpose of the 2001 tax bill was to make sure there was parity between sole entrepreneurships creating jobs and corporations creating jobs. We are talking about a small group of people, 963,000.  If you total the number of tax-paying families and individuals affected by these marginal rate increases, it is a total of 28 million families and individuals. Keep in mind, as I said yesterday, that is a group of tax-paying families who start paying on taxable income of $63,000, and for individuals it starts for as low as $32,000 of taxable income. This large group of taxpayers would face various marginal rate hikes, if the policy underlying the pending amendment were to become law.  The better way to deal with these current law levels of taxation would be to make them permanent because permanency of tax policy is the best tax policy that is going to create the most jobs.  There will be an amendment to be offered by Senator Graham that ensures capital gains and dividend rates stay at the current low levels for lower income taxpayers. The Graham amendment will ensure that roughly 28 million families and individuals would not face marginal tax rate increases after that.  For those Members waiting to speak, I have one more fairly short comment I wish to make on another provision in the bill that was put in, in committee. I come before you to discuss payment limitations, meaning payments to farmers.  For years I have been leading an effort to put a very hard cap on the amount of Federal subsidies going to farmers. Last year, as everybody knows, I stepped aside. I wish to say I graciously stepped aside during the budget debate when--  