 First of all, I wish to comment on the status of the alternative minimum tax. There is some good news regarding the need to do a patch to protect over 20 million families. The Democratic leadership in this body recognized the importance of halting the effect of this tax on these families and provided room in the budget for a patch for this year.  I commend my friend, the chairman of the Budget Committee, for that improvement of the budget resolution over previous years. I do so again and note that the Kyl instruction is consistent with the chairman's position in that regard.  The bad news is, we are halfway through the year and the patch has not been done. The reason is that Blue Dog Democrats in the other body will not supply the votes for an un-offset patch in the House of Representatives.  By the way, the only Blue Dog answer to deficit reduction is to raise taxes. We have seen it on the AMT, and we have seen it on spending legislation. We are seeing now the GI benefit provisions in the war supplemental bill. Why they think of only raising taxes and not of where to cut spending levels to offset the need to spend someplace else I don't understand. They never seem to propose spending cuts as a remedy. I think it is fair for me to say they never do. They only ask for higher taxes.  I hope people in this body will start to pay attention to this issue. The Blue Dogs' bark is deficit reduction, but their bite is always more taxes.  In addition to the AMT patch, both bodies need to deal with several expired provisions of tax law. We need to focus on this problem and get legislation ready.  Earlier today, the House began work on an extenders bill. It is offset with tax increases. I urge them to send the bill to the Senate so Chairman Baucus and I will have a vehicle to deal with this pressing problem. We need to act ahead of time. We need to act before the IRS forms are finalized. We cannot go through another filing season fiasco, such as waiting until December last year when it finally got passed, and the IRS had a lot of extra work after the forms had already gone out. Let's not create big problems for our taxpayers and the Internal Revenue Service.  Senator Kyl's motion then is very important to assure us of the quickest route to complete action on AMT and extenders. The quickest route is the same route as last year: Drop the offset demand.  Folks on the other side happen to be complaining all the time that offsets are essential. I would like to make it clear that the policy issues behind offsets are one thing. We ought to ask ourselves the same question on any tax policy proposal, whether it raises revenue or loses revenue. The question should be: Does a tax legislative proposal make tax policy sense? It ought to be decided on the basis of policy. That is the bottom line.  On the matters of tax policy, Senator Kyl's motion to instruct, the answer is very evident. On the AMT patch and extenders, the answer is overwhelmingly clear. The answer is ``yes'' on the motion to instruct. The policy call is a slam dunk. It is backed up by the politics; that is, supermajority votes for an AMT patch and extenders in the House and Senate that are very difficult to get.  We have to divorce the merits of the current law provisions from the offset question. Offsets should be judged on their merits. An AMT patch and extenders should be judged on their merits. Why should we seek divorce of the two, some might ask. Here is the reason.  Right now, we have a budget process, including pay-go, that is biased toward higher taxes and, of course, higher spending. As evidence, take a look at expiring spending provisions. According to the CBO, they total $1.3 trillion--a whole $1.3 trillion. That is double a permanent AMT patch score. That spending is not subject to pay-go. It, unlike expiring tax provisions, is included in the baseline; hence, it is home free. Just like the record tax increases built into this budget, so too is a record spending increase.  I have not even talked about appropriations increases. That additional above-baseline spending is included as permanent, once passed.  