 First, let me explain why I said he is getting personal. I am the author of that Chapter 12 bankruptcy provision. I am going to address it very soon. So if you would listen, I think I will answer your questions. I appreciate what you are saying and, in fact, I anticipated that, and I hope I am ready for it. I am sure it is going to be difficult to satisfy the Senator from Illinois, though.  The amendment of Senator Durbin will not only increase interest rates on mortgages and make home ownership more expensive for everyone, many experts tell us this proposal will also have an adverse impact on financial markets because of difficulties and uncertainty in valuing the mortgages that back up securities. In addition, innocent investors would be hurt. So the Durbin amendment would cause other adverse impacts beyond higher costs of home loans.  Proponents of this amendment, particularly the cramdown provisions, argue that primary residences should be crammed down in bankruptcy just as second homes, family farms, and boats are. But there are good reasons why primary homes are treated differently from these other things.  First, interest rates and downpayments for vacation homes are significantly higher than for primary homes. If we are to start treating primary homes the same as vacation homes, I am told that then interest rates are certain to rise to the same level of second homes where cramdown is permitted.  Second, Chapter 12, referred to by the Senator from Illinois, only applies to very small commercial farming and ranching operations, not all farms and not all ranches. There are very specific requirements that need to be met in order to be able to file under Chapter 12. So we are not talking about the same number of loans that could be eligible under the Durbin amendment. I would be glad to give some statistics on that, but I am going to wait and see if the Senator from Illinois is satisfied.  Actually, I will give these numbers now because I think they are significant at this point. According to the USCOURTS.GOV Web site, the Federal courts Government Web site, for fiscal year 2006 there were only 348 Chapter 12 filings; in fiscal year 2007, there were only 361 Chapter 12 filings. This would compare to what, at least I believe, you are saying are possibly at least 600,000 filings under your amendment.  Moreover, it took Congress over two decades to make Chapter 12 a permanent part of the Bankruptcy Code because people were concerned about the possible negative consequences to allowing cramdown for family farms. Chapter 12 was initially only enacted as a temporary provision.  In addition, I would like to say that the definition of family farm which can file under Chapter 12 is very limited. In fact, Chapter 12 only applies to a limited number of farms--those that have less than $3.2 million in debt; debt has to arise out of the farming operation; 50 percent of income within the last 3 years has to come from farming income; and 80 percent of the assets in the estate have to be related to farming operations. Those are some of the requirements.  So probably Chapter 12 ended up, quite frankly, being a lot more narrow than maybe I originally intended. But I think it is working.  Finally, I want to go to the cramdown that is allowed for boats, because boats are like cars: their values diminish rather than increase, which is very different from real estate, where values are expected to rise over the long term.  Proponents of Senator Durbin's amendment argue that the way the amendment is now drafted, only a very limited number of loans will qualify for cramdown in bankruptcy. Now, while the amendment does attempt to limit the scope of the legislation from how it was originally drafted when Senator Durbin introduced his bankruptcy proposal as a stand-alone bill--that was probably soon after he had talked to me about it several months ago--the reality is that the language still is extremely broad. Cramdown and other loan modifications are available for many loans, both nontraditional and subprime as defined by Senator Durbin's amendment, made before the amendment's effective date. That is, of course, a lot of loans. Since there is no sunset date in the amendment, borrowers could file for bankruptcy and still get this cramdown relief years and years from now.  