 My staff would disagree with you that my statement is inaccurate. But I will not go into that now.  Furthermore, according to the Durbin amendment, subprime loans are defined to be any loan with an interest rate of 3 to 5 percent over the Treasury yield rates for comparable loans. It is my understanding that this definition could include prime loans and home equity lines of credit, which would encompass a large number of loans.  The cramdown provision is just one of several problematic provisions in Senator Durbin's amendment. The amendment will increase bankruptcy filings, something I really do not think we should encourage. We should be doing everything we can to keep people out of bankruptcy. It ought to be very much a last resort, particularly because filing bankruptcy in and of itself hurts a consumer's credit rating. I think we can all agree that bankruptcy should be a last resort and one should not file for bankruptcy unless it is absolutely necessary. The amendment will increase mortgage interest rates and downpayments for other homeowners and potential home buyers. The Durbin bankruptcy amendment will inject greater risk into and negatively impact our financial markets.  I would like to be clear: I want to help homeowners weather the storm just as much as the next Senator. I want to support constructive solutions to help homeowners meet their obligations so they do not lose their homes. In fact, I have worked very hard with other Senators to craft tax provisions that I am soon going to address that are currently contained in the underlying housing proposal before us. But I am concerned that the Durbin bankruptcy amendment we are considering right now--if we adopt that, we are going to pass legislation that would do a great deal of harm. I am concerned about the possibility of the amendment helping some, but hurting many others. I am not alone in my concerns. Many experts agree that the Durbin bankruptcy cramdown proposal is problematic and could have serious adverse consequences. So I am asking my colleagues to vote against the Durbin bankruptcy amendment.  I said that I am the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee. I now wish to give a short statement about some of the tax provisions. I may have to be more specific when we get into debate on this, so this is kind of a preliminary notice of where the committee is coming from. First of all, as usual, I find it very necessary to thank Chairman Baucus for his courtesy and hard work in the legislative effort. Our goal was to develop a bipartisan tax package that responds to the needs of Americans and, in particular, the housing market.  Americans are struggling to keep their homes and their jobs. As economic conditions continue to worsen, it is appropriate that Congress act to enact tax laws that address the housing problem. After all, the housing problem is at the root of the current economic turmoil and anxiety that people have.  Last year, we responded to the call for help. Congress enacted the Mortgage Debt Relief Act of 2007 which was signed into law by the President. This law excludes from income discharges of indebtedness incurred by taxpayers to acquire homes. It also extends the tax deduction for mortgage insurance premiums.  Earlier this year, Congress acted at lightning speed to enact a stimulus package that delivers additional relief to American taxpayers. As a result of that legislation, Treasury will be sending out rebate checks in a few weeks that will give the economy a much needed boost.  We have carefully balanced this tax relief package being considered today on the floor. It addresses the housing downturn but is limited so as to ensure that it helps the problem and does not simply create new problems. We are mindful that any relief that benefits one sector of the public does not do so at the expense of another sector. The other sector is the taxpaying population that carefully managed their family budget, especially as it is related to housing costs. Taxpayers bear the burden of a bailout of these risky mortgages that went south. So it is important that we have a compassionate view that recognizes taxpayers possibly picking up some of the tab.  Once again, the Senate is stepping in to help Americans in distress. The tax relief package helps encourage home ownership and encourages the basic businesses that are tied to the housing industry to recover some losses. Keep in mind that those businesses create jobs. More jobs means a stronger economy.  In 2002, Congress passed a stimulus bill that provided some of the very same relief that is contained in this bill. In 2002, Congress passed, with overwhelming support, a provision to extend the net operating loss carryback. This provision passed without controversy. Hopefully, there will be no controversy this time. Then, again, earlier this year the Senate Finance Committee passed a similar provision to extend the net operating loss carryback once again, with overwhelming support by the committee.  Relying on our successes in the past, we have included similar provisions in this bill. However, the net operating loss provision in this bill is even more conservative than the relief offered in the past. Instead of a 5-year carryback, this proposal offers a 4-year carryback. This provision, of course, is a no-brainer. It helps the very industries suffering from this housing downturn and will help Americans continue to be employed.  This bill also offers a tax credit to help people buy homes that are in foreclosure. These homes are depressing home values in the marketplace. It is important that this inventory is moved so as to help retain home values.  This bill also increases the cap on mortgage revenue bonds to give people in distressed loans additional options for refinancing. This is not a bailout for homeowners; this is a provision that helps enable people to keep their homes and to pay mortgages.  As we proceed on this bill, I am asking everybody to keep in mind what I said at the beginning: We need to address the housing downturn, but we need to show restraint. We need to limit the relief so that it eases the problem, but does not create new ones. We need to be considerate of the many Americans who worked hard to save and buy homes and who will ultimately pay the price for this relief, if the relief is used, and we expect it will be. They should benefit, too, in that any targeted relief will, in fact, give the economy a boost and not be a drag on the economy, drag it down even further. We want to keep people employed, and particularly the taxpayers who were conservative in their financial plans should not be harmed as a result of this.  I yield the floor.  