  For 6 years, and those would be the years 2001 and 2003 through 2006, the budget resolutions provided the necessary resources that allowed the Finance Committee, the tax-writing committee, usually in a bipartisan manner, to realistically address the demands of tax policy. I am disappointed to say that this year, like last year, is different.  The people spoke in November of 2006, and for this year--and last year--the Democrats are in the majority and in control of the congressional budget process. As ranking Republican on the Finance Committee, a committee I used to chair, like last year, I was not consulted at any point by our distinguished chairman on this budget resolution. Unfortunately, after reviewing the resolution conference agreement, it is clear it does not realistically address the tax policy needs the Finance Committee is very concerned about and has the responsibility to do something about.  I am going to take a look at what the budget means to the American taxpayers in two timeframes, from now until January 20, 2009, and then for the period of time long term. Short term first; long term, the period of time after the new President is sworn in starting January 20, 2009.  Let's take a look, then, at what this budget says to the American taxpayer near term. For the hard-working American taxpayer, the news is not all bad. I complimented the distinguished chairman for preserving the ``unoffset'' AMT patch for this year in the budget. He had to concede a new point of order to the House, but my guess is there will be 60 votes to waive it when the AMT patch is brought up. The problem that 26 million families face is uncertainty of the action on the AMT patch this very year. In other words, right now.  I have a chart here I wish to put up. It is the estimated tax voucher, a form that people fill out for making quarterly payments. Many of the 26 million families facing the AMT technically should be adjusting their withholdingupward and filing the 1040-ES form with a check for a portion of the AMT they already owe because Congress hasn't acted yet to prevent the AMT from expanding to almost 25 million more Americans, which I don't think will happen, because I think we will take care of it in time, but who knows. But right now, those filing quarterly should have made this payment, filled this form out, on April 15. That is when the first quarter's estimated tax is due, and that is what the tax law says right now.  This is all a problem because the House Democratic leadership won't send us an ``unoffset'' AMT patch. Now, let's make it clear what the Constitution says, so people don't think I am only blaming the House of Representatives. The Constitution says tax laws must start in the House of Representatives. So why then won't the House Democratic leadership send us an ``unoffset'' AMT patch bill so we can get it to the President? Here is the problem. The House Blue Dog Democrats will not support an ``unoffset'' AMT patch bill.  Now, why wouldn't the Blue Dogs do that? And I am not accusing them, I am stating what their position is. The answer is the Blue Dogs are a growing presence in the House of Representatives. Most of the seats that shifted from the Republican column to the Democratic column in the 2006 election are occupied by Blue Dogs.  The Democratic-leaning Washington punditry and the Democratic leadership have gloated recently about the trifecta that has happened because of the House special congressional elections this year. By trifecta, I am referring to the three House races that were switched from Republicans to Democrats this year, not something this Republican is proud about. All three of those Members have joined or intend to join the Blue Dog coalition in the other body.  Lord knows we have heard a lot of gloating from the other side about these three new so-called conservative Democrats. We have also heard from a lot of Republicans crying in their favorite beverage about this outcome.  The Blue Dogs have had a heavy hand in this budget and are the leading obstacle to getting the ``unoffset'' AMT patch bill done and to the Senate so we can send it to the House. So if the Blue Dogs are representing themselves as strict agents of fiscal responsibility, it is a fair question for every one of us to ask about their definition of fiscal responsibility.  Let's take a look at it. I have another chart here. This chart contains a depiction of the most famous Blue Dog. Here he is, the most famous Blue Dog, Huckleberry Hound, showing us the definition of fiscal responsibility from his Blue Dog perspective. Now, here we have Huckleberry Hound barking ``fiscal responsibility.'' American taxpayers should beware. Huckleberry Hound's bite happens to be higher taxes. With respect to spending cuts, all we get is a whimper. No spending cuts.  Maybe I am being too tough on Huckleberry Hound and his Blue Dog friends, but I have yet to see the empowered Blue Dogs propose spending cuts for deficit reduction. All I have seen is higher and higher taxes. Like their liberal brethren, Blue Dog Democrats only look to the American taxpayers to fund new spending. We are seeing it once again on the war supplemental bill. Why couldn't they find a spending cut here or there to pay for the popular veterans' benefit package? Why always go to tax increases?  The reason I point this out is this group of House Members is holding up our ability to pass an AMT patch bill in a form that can pass the Senate and in a form that can be signed by the President. The Blue Dogs' bark of fiscal responsibility is stalling relief for 26 million AMT families. The Blue Dogs insist on getting their bite of $62 billion in new taxes as a condition to sparing these 26 million families from the AMT.  I agree with the Blue Dogs on the importance of fiscal responsibility. And as I have stepped up to the plate over the years with plenty of revenue raisers, well, if you have any questions, ask the people downtown in what we call the K Street crowd who think of defending all these tax loopholes we are trying to close. But the Blue Dogs whimper when it comes to spending cuts. They only look at the taxpayers for fiscal responsibility. This obsession with raising taxes, most pointedly advanced by Blue Dogs, is a theme that runs through this budget.  I am going to turn now to the short-term tax legislative agenda and examine how the budget squares with what we need to do.  As a farmer, I would like to think we country folks can teach city folks a lesson or two. The first chart I am going to put up here involves the method a lot of us farmers use to get our water. You will see a well in this chart. You can see it as a long well. There is a little bit of water way down there at the bottom of the well, but most of the well is dry.  Now, what we are told by those who drew up the budget is that the tax-writing committees will somehow plain find the money. Well, find the money. You have to have some sort of consensus to do that, because in the Senate, to get anything done, you have to have some bipartisanship. We will find the money, they say, to pay for this time-sensitive tax business we have to deal with. Now, these are not just abstract things; these are pending matters. They are pieces of legislation on both sides that we say we want to get done before this session ends.  The offset well here shows about $58 billion that is known, that is identified, and that is scored revenue raisers that the Senate Democratic caucus supports. I used this chart several months ago trying to make similar points. I have updated it to assume that the farm bill will become law, and I think that is going to happen within 48 hours.  As a rule of thumb, the Finance Committee tax staff, in a bipartisan way, has developed about $1 billion per month in new offsets. That figure of $1 billion per month is in line with our historical average, the success we have had of gleaning money by closing loopholes. How reliable is that average, and can we count on it?  As a farmer, I know something about the predictability of rainwater. You hope you will get rain and that will give you a decent level of well water. As a former chairman and now ranking member of the Finance Committee, I know something about revenue raisers. I have been there and done that. When I was chairman, I aggressively led efforts to identify and enacted sensible revenue raisers aimed at closing the tax gap and shutting down tax shelters. And as ranking member, I continue to look for ways to shut off unintended tax benefits. So I consider myself to be a credible authority on what is realistic when it comes to revenue raisers.  From 2001 through 2006, Congress enacted over 100 offsets, with combined revenue scores of $1.7 billion over 1 year, $51\1/2\ billion over 5 years, and $157.9 billion over 10 years. So if you look at recent history, we can realistically figure the tax staff will find about $1 billion a month. Let taxpayers who are trying to avoid honestly paying taxes beware of that.  Right now, however, all we can find that is specified, that is drafted and is scored, is that $58 billion. The revenue-raising well shows about $58 billion in available, defined, and scored offsets.  Defenders of the resolution before the Senate will say a virtual cornucopia of revenue raisers is there from the tax gap and from shutting down offshore tax scams. I take a backseat to no one on reducing the tax gap or shutting down offshore tax shelters. I have scars to show from my efforts over the years. But the defined as well as the scored tax gap proposals are included.  We have that here already.  Likewise, we have a proposal targeted at tax haven countries and other off-shore activities on this chart. The well has, then, about $58 billion of offset water. This budget anticipates Congress will be thirsty for this limited group of offsets. On the thirst or demand side, you will see the bucket will be busy bringing up that water. On the demand side, I have talked about next year's AMT patch--there is $74 billion for the patch for next year. There is $16 billion for tax provisions that ran out at the start of this year. That estimate, by the way, is probably low. Then there is $29 billion for next year's extenders, and there is $15 billion for the energy tax package we want to pass.  If you add up those things--and we have to add the $5 billion we have therefor the Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill, if we get to it--and I hope we get to it. So the pending, the time-sensitive tax business totals what? It is $139 billion that we have to bring up in that bucket.  You see $59 billion of real money is available. That is quite a difference. We are short about $80 billion. I have not even included the demands from the myriad of reserve funds that are mentioned in this resolution. Since we know from almost a decade of fiscal history that the Democratic leadership cannot propose spending cuts, we know the new reserve funding spending will be paid for with tax increases. It has been shown to be the case since the Democrats took power in January 2007.  As I said earlier, the Blue Dogs in the House of Representatives are leading proponents of this tax and this spending practice. You can see it doesn't add up. The budget plan for tax legislative business is very much out of balance. It is out of balance by at least $80 billion. Even if the Senate were to adopt some of the new tax hikes that the House has come up with, we would be substantially still out of balance.  I might add I have included in the Senate offset accounting proposals the House has rejected. So I think on this chart is a fairly conservative estimate.  What is going to happen? How do we then bridge that $80 billion gap? Either the tax relief is not going to happen or we will add that to the deficit. That is a frightening proposition. I had hoped that the shortfall would be confined to the short term, but that is not the case. Over the long term--and I said I had a short-term view and a long-term view of this budget resolution. So what does it look like after January 20, 2009? It gets much worse.  Let's take a look at the budget's assumptions about revenues over that long term. Over the 5-year budget window going out to the year 2012, keeping existing policy in place will have a revenue effect of over $1.2 trillion. This includes AMT relief, extension of bipartisan 2001 and 2003 tax relief, and extending other broadly supported expiring provisions.  In the aggregate, this budget appears to provide $340 billion in new resources for extending these policies over the 5-year window. Let's look further, and you will find a complicated obstacle course to making any of this tax relief happen. To me, the conditional tax relief language is almost bait and switch. Senator Gregg has described in great detail how this mechanism would work. To me, it is as convoluted as a Rube Goldberg type of invention. So I have another chart.  The chart shows a Rube Goldberg potato peeler invention. If you want to peel potatoes, I would tell Rube Goldberg to use a simple potato peeler. If you really mean to deliver tax relief, I would tell the majority, the Democratic majority, write it into the resolution. Make it very clear. Don't use a Rube Goldberg mechanism.  Suffice it to say, the supposed $340 billion in tax relief targeted to 2011 and beyond assumes it will not be used for future spending. Does anybody really believe this new majority will not spend future tax relief if given the chance? If your answer is yes, then I have a few bridges in Iowa that I will sell you.  Under this budget, $1.3 trillion in expiring entitlement spending is assumed to continue. It is right in the CBO outlook. So, Mr. and Mrs. Taxpayers, that is right, your taxes will go up by almost $1.2 trillion unless Congress raises taxes to offset the revenue loss.  When it comes to expiring entitlement spending, it is quite a different story. There is no requirement in this resolution for Congress to do any heavy lifting. This emphasis upon higher taxes and higher spending is reinforced by the pay-as-you-go rules, or we say pay-go around here. That is this budget's notion of fiscal responsibility--unrestrained spending is good, higher taxes are good.  Over the 5 years of this budget resolution, it assumes a dramatic tax increase--at least $1.2 trillion. In 2011 the bipartisan tax relief plan will expire. Some folks will call these provisions the Bush tax cuts. I suppose that term, ``Bush tax cuts,'' arises from polling by campaign outfits on the other side. It is true President Bush signed both bills, but the bipartisan compromises occurred in the Senate Finance Committee. In 2011 President Bush will have been gone from office for a couple of years. You can call this package of tax relief for virtually every American the Bush tax cuts, but for the taxpayers, if Congress does not intervene, it will be a tax increase and it will be the biggest tax increase in the history of the country and it is all going to happen without a vote of the Congress.  So I would like to run through a couple of examples. The first would be a family of four. There is the husband, his wife, and their two children. This family makes $50,000 in income. That is right about the national median household income today. For example, the Census Bureau stated that for 2006 the national median household income was $48,200. Under the Democratic leadership's budget this family will face a tax increase of $2,300 per year. That is a loss in their paycheck of about $200 per month. It is a hit on their yearly budget of $2,300. Where I come from, that is real money.  I will give another example, this one a single mom, two children. She earns $30,000 a year. In 2011, under this budget, she and her family run straight into a brick wall--that is a brick wall of $1,100-per-year taxes. That is $100 a month out of the family's budget.  Some on the other side will say they only excluded top-rate taxpayers or other high-income folks from tax relief. I am going to tell you don't believe it. We have tax bills of the previous several decades to prove it, that you don't tax just the wealthy when you raise taxes. The facts are otherwise. Low-income folks, including millions of seniors, pay no tax on their dividends or their capital gains income. If this budget stands, even with the Baucus amendment, millions of these low-income taxpayers, especially seniors, will pay a 10-percent rate on capital gains and could pay as high as a 15-percent rate on dividends.  Nationally, over 24 million families and individuals reported dividend income. Let's say that again--24 million Americans reported dividend income--because you think it is just a few hundred thousand of very wealthy people--24 million families. In Iowa, for instance, we have 299,000 families and individuals claiming dividend income on their income tax returns. There are not 299,000 millionaire families and individuals in Iowa. Nationally, we are talking about over 9 million families and individuals reporting capital gains income. In Iowa we are talking about 127,000 families and individuals.  There are many marginal rates other than the top rate that would rise if this budget stands, even with the amendment of Senator Baucus. The 25-percent rate--which for 2007 starts at $31,850 for singles and $63,700 for married couples--would rise by 3 percent, to 28 percent. The 28-percent rate would go up 3 percentage points to 31 percent. The 33-percent rate would go up 3 percentage points to 36 percent. The top rate would go up from its current 35 percent level to 39.6 percent.  To sum up, even with the Baucus amendment added to this budget, there would be marginal rate increases on millions of taxpayers, and not just millionaires. Those marginal rate increases would reach taxpayers with taxable incomes as low as $31,850 for singles and as low as $63,700 for married couples.  What I just described is accurate only if the Democratic leadership intends to follow the letter and the spirit of the Baucus amendment. If you look at last year's track record, the House neutered the effect of the amendment in the conference committee. They created a Rube Goldberg type of mechanism to impede the amendment.  As I pointed out a few minutes ago, that mechanism is right back again. Of course, after the budget conference report was agreed to, all talk and action around the amendment then somehow ceased.  I wouldn't put much stock on the followthrough on the Baucus amendment. The distinguished chairman and friend of mine points out that since last year's budget, we passed tax relief of $50 billion for last year's AMT patch. He will also point to the stimulus package passed earlier this year. The senior Senator from North Dakota is correct that those tax relief packages did pass. He used the assertion to counter the assertion on our side that there is a $1.2 trillion tax increase in the budget.  The distinguished chairman omits a critical fact in his assertion, and thatis the ``unoffset'' AMT patch passed only because Senate Republicans and the administration insisted that they would not use the AMT problem as a money machine for current and future spending. If the Democratic caucus had prevailed, the AMT patch would have been offset.  Likewise, on the stimulus bill, there was bipartisan consensus that economic stimulus should not be a tax increase.  When you step back from the differences across the aisle on this budget, you probably will not be surprised to find some differences among Presidential candidates. Generally, the candidates on the other side have proposed to take heavily from the taxpayers under the guise of fiscal responsibility. This is true when they are talking about ending the bipartisan tax relief plans of 2001 and 2003. It is true when they are talking about the same loophole closers for a myriad number of expansions of existing entitlements and creating new ones. Nowhere is there discussion of reining in spending.  So the tax side of the Federal ledger is the only route to fiscal responsibility from the perspective of Presidential candidates on the other side of the aisle.  I wanted to give you one telling example. One Democratic candidate has proposed to repeal the bipartisan tax relief plans for taxpayers earning above $250,000. This proposal raises $226 billion over 5 years and 10 years. A key fact is that the source of that revenue peters out over the next few years because under current tax law, the tax relief sunsets at the end of 2010.  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for an additional 4 minutes.  