 President, here we are again. Once again the Senate is being asked to vote to proceed to a bill that is written on a partisan basis. As everybody knows who knows how the Senate functions, anything that is on a partisan basis does not get done.  Once again we are being asked if we want to agree to a process where noamendments will be allowed. Once again we are being told to take it or leave it. The damage that is being done to the ability of this body to function is extraordinary. It should not be this way and it doesn't have to be this way.  I say this from a lot of experience I have had on the Finance Committee and, most importantly, my experience working with Senator Baucus, the chairman of the committee. During the last several years, the Finance Committee has produced numerous bipartisan health care products.  In 2003, Senator Baucus and I joined together, defied the long odds against it and produced a Medicare Prescription Drug bill.  In 2005, we worked together on a relief package in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.  In 2006, we passed the Tax Relief and Health Care Act.  In 2007, we worked together on a bipartisan Children's Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Bill. We also passed the Medicare, Medicaid, and Children's Health Insurance Program Extension Act of 2007.  I could go on and on. For years the Finance Committee has been the model of how a committee can work on a cooperative--and that basically means on a bipartisan--basis. I think we work best when we work together. For some reason that has not seemed to be the case this year and that is not Senator Baucus's fault.  I have tried to work this year to get a bill that could get signed into law. I personally think the White House is drawing lines in the sand that are unreasonable. However, there is a fact of our Constitution: The President holds the veto pen and if this bill passes today, we will see it used, and that is regardless of this Senator's position that maybe the White House has been too strict.  I tried to work toward a bill that can be signed by the President, because those are the facts of life. Obviously that was not the path the majority of the Senate--meaning the majority party--could follow. Even after the first cloture vote, even after it failed in the Senate, I tried to get a bipartisan compromise that could be signed into law. That effort was abandoned when the House voted to support the bill on which the Senate couldn't get cloture. That is not a realistic position for the other body to take but it doesn't matter; they took it, so we are here.  When we were in charge around here, I can say we certainly didn't appreciate it when, under Republican control in the House of Representatives, the Ways and Means Committee tried to dictate terms to this body. When Ways and Means Chairman Thomas tried to roll the Senate, I think I successfully defended the bipartisan Senate position. When I was chairman of the Finance Committee, I don't recall our bipartisan efforts being determined by House votes. To the contrary, I think we worked together in spite of House votes. In fact, the House budget--or the congressional budget adopted in the year 2003 that had provisions in it for taxes when the President of the United States wanted a $700 billion tax cut--I told enough Republicans in the Senate that I would not bring out of conference a tax bill that had more than half that amount, $350 billion.  I didn't tell the House of Representatives that before they voted on their budget, but they passed a budget that we could get enough votes to pass in the Senate because of the promise I made to some Republicans that we were not going to be dictated to by the White House or by the House of Representatives. And we didn't do more than a $350 billion package. Was there an uproar among House Republicans against me, when I had told enough Republicans in the House what we would do on that tax bill. So I think I have defended our position.  But let's be clear about another thing. That House vote I referred to went the way it did because Members were assured that the Senate was going to fix the problem in this bill. But we are in a process where we cannot fix that problem. They are counting on us to fix it so we would have a bill the President would sign. They are right about one thing: This bill does need to be improved. The bill the Democrats are trying to pass is woefully lacking in what it provides for rural America as opposed to what Senator Baucus and I were agreeing to by 11 o'clock Tuesday of this week.  I wish to call out one specific provision. Senator Harkin and I have worked extensively on a provision for so-called ``tweener'' hospitals. These are hospitals which are too large to be critical access hospitals but too small to do well under the current Medicare payment systems. We had a provision to improve payments to these hospitals. It is not in the House Democrats bill, so a vote for cloture misses an opportunity to provide critical assistance to rural hospitals all over the country. I am sure Senator Harkin and others are disappointed, as I am, with this omission. This is not something just for Iowa and for Senator Harkin and for Senator Grassley; this is something that affects 181 hospitals in 31 different States in this country. But that was left out in the House of Representatives. Why? Because the House of Representatives is controlled by the big States, by the big cities, and they don't care about rural America.  Voting for this bill accomplishes nothing. It will not become law. How much more clear can we be about that? To keep the pay cut of doctors from happening, we have to defeat this motion so we can sit down and finally produce a bill that can become law.  To improve Medicare, we have to produce a bill that can become law, and that means being signed by the President of the United States. To make sure that beneficiaries continue to have access to essential therapy services, we have to produce a bill that can become law. To help beneficiaries, we have to produce a bill that can become law. How many times do I have to say that?  To preserve access for durable medical equipment for seniors, we have to produce a bill that can become law. We have to be allowed to do our work in the Senate. And that work only gets done if we have bipartisanship.  We have to be allowed to produce the best bill possible through bipartisan compromise. Let's show that we can work on a cooperative basis. We have to defeat this motion so that we preserve the right of the Senate to have input on legislation, that we are not simply a rubberstamp for the House.  We should defeat this motion so that we can show that bipartisanship is not dead on important health care issues that matter to millions of people who depend on us as stewards of Medicare. Let's do the right thing and vote no. Vote no so this body does not abdicate its duties under the Constitution. Vote no so that we can get a bill done this week that can become law. Vote no so that we can get the job done.  A ``yes'' vote accomplishes nothing because it is going to delay for 2 weeks everything to be considered because of the President vetoing this bill.  I yield the floor.  