 President, I wish to discuss with my colleagues one of the sources of revenue that the chairman of the Budget Committee claims would bring in $100 billion per year to offset the cost of extending existing tax policy, and that would be the issue of shutting down offshore tax havens.  I feel that I have been very aggressive as a member of the Finance Committee in combating abusive tax shelters offshore or otherwise, so I am not here to find fault with anything in the budget about going after abusive offshore tax havens. But I do have a degree of disagreement on the amount of revenue that will come in and whether this is the ``goose that laid the golden egg'' that will solve all of the problems we have with the budget.  So I have worked hard on this subject for a long period of time. In fact, I would go to a bill that we passed in 2004 called the JOBS Act. It shut down the tax benefits for companies that enter into corporate inversion transactions and abusive domestic and cross-border leasing transactions. The JOBS bill also contained a package of 21 anti-tax shelter provisions--not just 1 or 2 but 21.  Now, of course, I am ranking member of the Finance Committee, but having a good working relationship with Senator Baucus, we have been continuingto look at all these abusive parts of the Tax Code, or these parts of the Tax Code that are abused, and look at where we can get some additional revenue. We are not out to tax people who would not otherwise be taxed or to change the rate of taxation, and we are not out to get people who should pay more money than what we are paying if they are doing it in a legal way. We are after subverting the Tax Code in a way that wasn't intended by Congress.  So in my role on the minimum wage small business tax relief bill that passed the Senate last year, we also included provisions that contained anti-tax loophole provisions, including shutting off tax benefits for corporations that inverted--after Senator Baucus and I issued a public warning on that issue that legislation would stop these deals, shutting off tax benefits from abusive foreign leasing transactions that weren't caught in the passage of the JOBS bill, and, of course, doubling penalty and interest for offshore financial arenas.  In that particular bill, the minimum wage bill I referred to--it happened to be that the House Democrats rejected our offsets. It was kind of surprising to me, but they did that. I use it as one example that is a somewhat unrealistic account on these offsets in the budget resolution.  The chairman of the Budget Committee went on and on yesterday about abusive foreign sewer systems and city hall leasing deals on which U.S. banks were claiming depreciation deductions. I didn't disagree. I led the effort to shut down these deals on a prospective basis, which we did in the 2004 bill, and I have continued to lead the effort to legislatively deny future tax benefits for deals that were entered into before the 2004 legislation. But here again, people, for reasons I don't know--and it was quite surprising to me--in the other body, the leadership of the Ways and Means Committee over there has continued to stop us cold. In fact, while the chairman of the Budget Committee was holding up a chart of a German sewer system during last year's budget debate--I am referring to last year's budget debate, but it is a prop that can be used this year as well--the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee at that time was holding a hearing that sympathized with U.S. banks that entered into these very same deals.  So I sure hope this distinguished chairman, my friend, the Senator from North Dakota, is not counting on any revenue for doing something the House Democrats have rejected over and over again. But do you know what. My distinguished friend and chairman of the committee, it seems to me that he is counting on that revenue. Well, maybe he will have better luck a second time. We didn't do very well the first time.  The Budget Committee chairman is also continuously referring to the billions of dollars that the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations says we can get through offshore tax scams. Well, those of us who have to do this heavy lifting in this area, by passing tax legislation, know that whatever numbers the Permanent Subcommittee comes up with have tended to be meaningless. We all know there is not a dollar's worth of tax legislation that can be based on the Permanent Subcommittee's estimates. That is not their expertise, nor their job. That falls into the area of the Joint Committee on Taxation.  So having studied these issues and having legislated in these areas for a long period of time, I consider my views on tax policy directed at tax shelters and tax havens to be credible. From what I can tell, the chairman of the Budget Committee views the problem of offshore tax havens in two categories: one, the ability of U.S. multinationals to shift income to these tax havens, and two, the evasion by U.S. citizens who hide assets and income in these tax havens.  We have seen Democratic Senators, including the chairman of the Budget Committee, hold up a picture of the Ugland House, a law firm's office building in the Cayman Islands, which is home to 12,748 corporations. Senator Baucus and I asked the GAO to investigate the Ugland House. In fact, the Government Accountability Office is down there doing that right now. As often as that building is used to justify a pot of tax haven gold, it will be good to get an independent agency, such as the Government Accountability Office, to give us an objective perspective on this issue.  I would like to give Senators some background on where that picture comes from and what issue it is aimed at. The picture comes from an article published in the Bloomberg Market, August 2004, titled ``The $150 Billion Shell Game.'' The article focused on the ability of U.S. multinationals to shift income to low-tax jurisdictions through transfer pricing.  ``Transfer pricing'' is the term for how affiliated corporations set prices for transactions between those corporations. Transfer pricing is important because it determines how much profit is subject to tax in the different jurisdictions involved in related party transactions.  The $150 billion figure is an academic estimate of the annual amount of profits that corporations shift outside the United States with improper--and I emphasize ``improper''--transfer pricing--in other words, trying to violate the law.  One of the Democrats' revenue raisers that is still on the shelf purports to target this transfer pricing problem. But you would not know it by looking at the language of the proposal because it doesn't make any changes to our transfer pricing rules. Instead, the proposal would eliminate deferral for income of any U.S. multinational foreign subsidiaries incorporated in certain black-listed jurisdictions. It is called the tax haven CFC proposal.  Deferrals have been part of our Tax Code since 1918. Deferral means that U.S. multinationals do not pay tax on the active income of their foreign subsidiaries until that income is repatriated to the United States. Passive income is subject to tax on a current basis. Deferral only applies to active income.  I agree with the premise of this proposal that the U.S. multinationals should pay their fair share of U.S. taxes. I think I proved that with closing some of these tax shelters and improper offshore activities in previous legislation. I have already talked about that issue. U.S. multinationals who use improper transfer pricing do so to obtain the benefit of deferral on profits that economically should be subject to tax in the United States on a current basis.  Here is my quote from this Bloomberg article:       We have to get on top of corporate accounting and      manipulation of corporate books for the sole purpose of      reducing taxes.  My view is that stronger transfer pricing rules and stronger enforcement of those rules is the way to target this problem in our current international tax system.  The IRS is taking steps to tighten our transfer pricing rules. For example, the IRS has proposed regulations that would overhaul the rules for the so-called cost-sharing arrangements. These are arrangements by which multinationals of our country are able to transfer intangible property to subsidiaries in low-tax jurisdictions. Based on the volume of complaining I have seen from lobbyists and their leveling it at the Treasury and the IRS, the proposed IRS regulations would go a long way to prevent this artificial income shifting. I hope to see these regulations finalized soon, and I believe they will be. Others have a whole different view. They would eliminate deferrals altogether.  Another quote in the Bloomberg article succinctly states this view. This is a quote from Jason Furman. He is a former aide to Senator Kerry:       American companies should pay taxes on their profits in the      same way whether they earn them in Bangalore or Buffalo.  That is where these proposals to eliminate or curtail deferrals on a piecemeal basis are headed. They are headed to the complete elimination of deferrals for U.S. multinationals.  Without a significant corporate tax-rate reduction--and thank God some candidates for President are talking about that. There are Members of this body who believe we ought to reduce the corporate tax rate so we can be competitive on an international basis but without a significant corporate tax rate reduction. Eliminating deferrals altogether would have the effect of exporting our high tax rates and putting U.S. multinationals at a competitive disadvantage in the global marketplace.  Understand, our corporate tax rate is the second highest in the world. We arenot even learning from Germany yet, a socialist country that decided they have to reduce their marginal tax rate to be competitive in the world market. Ireland found that out in 1986 and has economically advanced since they did that. Everybody understands our tax rates make us uncompetitive. Do we want to make it worse so we lose more jobs? I don't think so, but I don't think people have thought about it.  The Senate is on record as wanting to protect the competitiveness of U.S. businesses in the global marketplace. The Senate passed the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. I referred to that bill before in my remarks this afternoon. That bill contains several international simplification provisions, and it passed with a vote of 69 Senators, including 24 Democrats. The Senate version of the JOBS bill, which also contained these provisions, received a vote of 92 Senators, including 44 Democrats.  There has been a longstanding debate about whether our international tax system should be fundamentally changed, and that is a legitimate debate. Some say the transfer pricing regime used by virtually every major country is broken and calls for taxing all foreign income on a current basis. Others argue for completely exempting active foreign income under a territorial system, as many of our trading partners do and, consequently, one of the reasons behind our uncompetitiveness. But we want to have that debate, and if we do, then it is a fair debate.  The budget resolution does not contain specific proposals, but if the Democratic record is assumed on offshore tax issues, then we can count on a lively debate from this side to eliminate deferrals because we do not intend to do anything to make our businesses in America that create jobs more uncompetitive. We have to do things to make us more competitive.  We have already seen what the House Democrats would do, and I am a referring to points I referenced already this afternoon. I may disagree with most of the international proposals in that bill that was referred to as ``the mother of all tax bills'' last fall--that is what the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee called his tax reform plan--but at least the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee raises the issue in an intellectually honest way, setting the stage then for fundamental reform and also proposes to lower the corporate tax rate to 30.5 percent. That rate may still be too high, but at least the Ways and Means Committee chairman recognizes the concern that I laid out earlier about exporting our high tax rates.  The piecemeal cutbacks on deferral for active foreign income that we have seen in the Senate would do nothing but complicate the Tax Code and create opportunities for tax planning around these cutbacks.  The other offshore issue identified by the chairman of the Budget Committee is U.S. tax evasion by individual taxpayers who hide their assets and income in foreign bank accounts and foreign corporations. Let's go back to the beginning of the Tax Code in 1913. Our Tax Code has subjected U.S. citizens to tax on their income wherever it is made worldwide. No matter what the Internet purveyors of tax evasion say, this principle cannot be avoided by putting passive assets and income into foreign corporations. The Tax Code has rules to prevent that. Taxpayers who willingly violate these rules are guilty of tax fraud and, in many cases, criminal tax fraud.  The problem of offshore tax evasion is not that our laws permit it; the problem is there are some taxpayers who are intent on cheating and hiding their income from the Internal Revenue Service.  The IRS has been successful in catching many of these tax cheats, but more can be done. The IRS has difficulty detecting tax evasion and obtaining the information necessary to enforce our tax laws. One important tool for the IRS is information exchanged with other jurisdictions. Our double-tax treaties contain an article on information exchange designed to help the IRS obtain quality information to enforce our tax laws.  In addition, administrations, past and present, have entered into over 20 tax information exchange agreements with jurisdictions that are often referred to as tax havens. We are seeing this information exchange network in action as we speak, providing the IRS and other countries with information related to the use of bank accounts in Liechtenstein. Sensible solutions to this problem should aim to improve on our tax information exchange network and not put that network at risk or the efforts at risk.  Underreported income is the largest piece of the tax gap. We should keep in mind that hiding assets and income from the IRS is not just an offshore tax problem, it is not an offshore tax haven problem; it may also be an onshore problem. In fact, it is an onshore problem.  An article in USA Today last year noted that ``there is a thriving mini industry that has capitalized on real or perceived gaps in domestic and corporation laws and virtually nonexistent Government oversight to promote some U.S. States as secrecy rivals of offshore havens.''  The picture of the Ugland House in the Cayman Islands that I referred to earlier makes for good grandstanding, but as I am sure the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee is aware, there are also office buildings in some States that are listed as addresses for thousands of companies that are incorporated in those States for similar reasons as those incorporated in the Cayman Islands: secrecy of ownership and a permissive regulatory environment. Whatever additional solutions the Finance Committee comes up with to shine sunlight on tax evaders will need to consider both offshore and onshore evasion of taxes.  I emphasize that I am all for shutting down inappropriate tax benefits from offshore arrangements. The chairman of the Budget Committee has said he thinks we could get, I believe, $100 billion from this source. I have not seen any proposals scored by the Joint Committee on Taxation that come close to bringing in this kind of money, and the Joint Committee on Taxation is the official scorer. The last score I have seen for a tax haven CFC proposal is about $1.5 billion per year. The more fundamental ``mother'' bill that I referred to from the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee in the other body would raise about $10 billion per year.  I wish to emphasize to my colleagues another point. Each of these proposals that would eliminate or curtail deferral involve tax policy changes that raise taxes, which is the last place the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee said he wanted to go to raise revenue.  On the offshore evasion issue, Senators Levin, Coleman, and Obama have introduced a bill that contains several proposals, and these proposals are aimed at offshore tax havens. Yet, again, I have not seen a Joint Committee on Taxation score of that bill, and they are the official scorer.  Once again, it will be the Finance Committee's responsibility to come up with real, sensible, effective proposals that combat offshore and onshore tax evasion, which I am glad to do, but the likelihood that they will be scored by the Joint Committee on Taxation to bring in the kind of money assumed in this budget resolution is very remote at best.  Given these facts, it should be obvious how much of a shell game is going on and how unreal this budget resolution is.  Mr. President, as my colleagues know, within the Finance Committee, we have jurisdiction over health care issues. I wish to address those health care issues in this budget resolution as well.  The biggest health care issue in this budget resolution is a stealth provision--stealth. You cannot see it, but it is there. And I am going to talk about the issue of reconciliation, a process that was supposed to be used to save money, but I think in a stealthy way, before this is done and out of conference, it is going to be used to increase expenditures.  It is true there are no reconciliation instructions for spending in the Senate resolution, but there is in the House version, and that is going to make it conferenceable.  Last year there was a single committee instruction in the House-passed resolution but not in the Senate-passed resolution. The final conference version last year deferred to the House, no reconciliation. So I am willing to bet that the House instructions will bethe final budget that comes back from the House-Senate budget conference.  Truthfully, it makes no sense for the House to have reconciliation instructions in the first place. The House does not need reconciliation protection. The Speaker and the Rules Committee make sure the House is strictly controlled by a majority vote. Reconciliation is only important for the purposes of the Senate to avoid filibuster, to avoid a 60-vote supermajority, to get to finality in the process, limiting the role of the minority. And, remember, the Senate is the only institution in our political system where minority rights are meant to be protected and are, in fact, protected.  I do not think the other side wants a debate in the Senate about reconciliation, so they have hidden the reconciliation instructions in the House bill so they can drop it in their final budget. Since I am pretty confident it will be there in the final budget, I want to bring attention to the problems this creates as we consider all the work, and three-fourths of it comes out of the Finance Committee over the next few months of this session.  It is true, of course, that reconciliation can be a very useful and powerful tool for actually making policy to reign in Government spending. Reconciliation can be used to pass controversial reductions in entitlement spending. By design, the reconciliation process greatly reduces the role of the minority, be it Democrats for 12 years prior to now or Republicans now. But let us review the basics on how to make law around here. To make law, not only does Congress have to pass it but the President has to sign it or you have to have votes to override a veto. In the last 20 years, precisely four vetoes have been overridden--not a very high percentage.  Pursuing an override strategy is an uphill battle as anyone such as Senator Baucus and I, who have worked so hard on the SCHIP bill last year, found out. To have the President sign it means the bill will have to be bipartisan. The President is not going to sign a partisan bill. The President will not sign a bill that lacks involvement and support from the minority as well as the majority.  Since reconciliation cuts Republicans out of the process, it ain't going to work. Likewise, what do you have to have to override a veto? Republicans, of course. About 16 in the Senate and 60 in the House if you are going to get anything done. Since reconciliation is a partisan process, it is passed with only partisan support, it is pretty clear it will not work. It will be a pointless political exercise. It will not become law, plain and simple.  If you want to make law around here, it has to be bipartisan. That means in this body involving the Republicans, and since you will need Republicans to make law, you do not need reconciliation to get a bill passed in the first place. If the effort is bipartisan, you do not need the restrictive rules of reconciliation to get it done. I think Senator Baucus and I, working together in this legislative process in this body, have proved that over and over and over in the 8 years we have been working together.  What we are considering today is not about making policy. So what is the point of it? Well, I think it is about playing politics. We are in an election year. In fact, it is a Presidential election. We all know the stakes are very high. So why on Earth should anyone believe that trying to move a partisan Medicare and Medicaid reconciliation bill makes any sense at all?  Exactly what bill does the majority want to pass that will not have broad bipartisan support? Fortunately, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee answered that question for all of us. He confirmed that he wants to include the House-passed Medicare bill from last year in reconciliation, a bill better known in the health care circles as the CHAMP Bill, acronym C-H-A-M-P, CHAMP.  You may be wondering what it is in the CHAMP bill that would not pass unless it would be included in reconciliation. Fortunately, there is an answer. The House CHAMP bill includes drastic cuts to home health care, to hospital care, and skilled nursing care. The House CHAMP bill also would end availability of Medicare Advantage plans and their extra benefits in most of rural America. It would also drastically cut benefits for rural seniors who are enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans throughout the country. It would also cut other benefits such as preventive health benefits that seniors rely on when they enroll in Medicare Advantage plans.  The House CHAMP bill would also result in higher out-of-pocket costs for lower income seniors who are enrolled in Medicare Advantage. The House CHAMP bill also has some changes in the State Children's Health Insurance Program that merit further discussion, to be sure. It would turn the capped SCHIP block grant program into an uncapped entitlement program. Childless adults would be allowed to stay on SCHIP indefinitely. Remember, we had that debate last year. Everybody said a children's health insurance bill is for children, not for adults. We did things in this body to make sure adults were not covered by the children's health insurance bill because it cheats children.  So why would you want to go back to something we debated and carried by a two-thirds vote in this body? And it would add coverage for immigrants who have come here illegally to the SCHIP program as well.  None of those provisions were included in the bipartisan package we worked out together last year. I have got a chart here that will emphasize this. It is the whole to-do list that is hidden in their agenda for the year. It is hidden in their stealth plan to do a reconciliation bill this year.  One logical question you might ask is: Why would they be thinking about using reconciliation this year? The answer is simple. They know they do not have the votes to pass these kinds of dramatic Medicare cuts and they do not have the votes for these bad policies we changed in SCHIP last year. So they want to force it through the process by stuffing it into a partisan reconciliation bill.  Now, focusing back on Medicare, let us consider what is at stake. We have until the end of June to pass a Medicare bill that the President signs into law. If the Democratic leadership insists on using budget reconciliation for this Medicare bill, they will fail to get a bill enacted. Failure to get this done by June 30 has serious consequences for seniors and disabled Americans who rely on this important Government program we call Medicare for their health care. Failure to get the bill done and signed means that severely disabled and injured Medicare beneficiaries will not be able to get the therapy they need beginning in July. Failure means that sorely needed doctors and other health care professionals in rural areas are going to see drastic reductions in their Medicare reimbursement. It means low-income beneficiaries who need help with their Part B premium will not be able to get it because the Qualified Individuals Program in Medicare will have expired. It means patients with end stage renal disease who need dialysis will still be in the system in need of payment reform. Necessary reforms are needed to improve how end stage renal disease facilities are paid so they have stronger incentives for improved critical outcomes and enhanced quality of care.  Reforms are also needed to eliminate incentives for the overuse of drugs in that program. It means that seniors' reliance on ambulance services in rural areas will be put at risk because of underpayments for rural ambulances. It means that beginning in July, Medicare beneficiaries will have their health care threatened when family doctors, surgeons, medical specialists, and nurse practitioners all across the country will have Medicare payments cut by more than 10 percent.  I hope you realize how demoralizing that will be to doctors in this country when they face a 10-percent reduction. In many areas, doctors are already in short supply. With a 10-percent pay cut, some may solve their problem by not accepting Medicare beneficiaries. New beneficiaries may also have trouble finding a doctor.  Failure also means other important initiatives will not get done. It means that legislation to strengthen incentives for physicians to use electronic prescribing will not happen. This means we will continue to have higher rates of dangerous medical errors, that people have their lives put at risk.  It means our Nation's seniors and disabled Americans will still be in the health care system that rewards poorquality care, because enacting hospital value-based purchasing in Medicare is not going to happen. These are some of the reasons why we should not be thinking about reconciliation as a way to avoid this set of outcomes in July. I hope we can set aside this reconciliation charade. I hope we can continue to work in this body in a bipartisan way, as we have a reputation for doing in the Finance Committee, to get a Medicare bill passed and signed by the President by the end of June.  It is quite clear: The stakes for failure are too high. So let us not kid ourselves about including a reconciliation instruction in the final budget, meaning what comes out of conference. It is not about making policy. No one should mistake it for a serious effort. It is about jamming a bill through Congress and forcing the President to veto it. It is about making politics that threaten the Medicare Program and the seniors who rely on it. I will have nothing to do with that sort of a process. I do not think very many people on this side of the aisle will either.  What we are considering today is not about making policy. Then what is the point? It is politics. If we are going to have a serious effort at legislating, I hope the other side would decide not to pursue a partisan reconciliation bill. Instead we need to work out a bipartisan bill that can become law.  The bottom line is that reconciliation is a bad idea. It is partisan. It will not become law. We have serious work to do before the end of June, and a sham political reconciliation exercise is not getting us any closer to getting the job done.  While the stealth reconciliation instruction is the most disturbing facet of this budget, it is not the only problematic health care provision. The budget misses the opportunity to continue the bipartisanship that was forged in the Senate over the State Children's Health Insurance Program last year that passed this body, sometimes with 69 votes.  Last year, SCHIP reauthorization was a top health priority. It was a difficult and it was a bruising battle. But the $35 billion compromise bill garnered 68 votes in the Senate. It was a true show of bipartisanship.  Now, rather than come back to the second session of this Congress to roll up their sleeves and finish the job, it looks to me as if the Democratic majority is abandoning that bipartisan work from last year.  Now you might say, how do I know that? Well, it is very clear, because the budget before us returns to the $50 billion reserve fund for SCHIP from last year's Democratic budget, a figure that was soundly rejected by the Senate last year in the compromise that was put before us that got those 68 votes.  My colleagues know that a key feature of last year's SCHIP deal was to cap spending at $35 billion. But they did not include the $35 billion for SCHIP that had bipartisan support. So where, then, is the bipartisan spirit on SCHIP that was here last year? Why is it not here this year?  