  Like the Democratic leadership's budget, the candidates on the other side oversubscribe the revenue sources from proposals that are popular with the Democratic base. The deficiency can only be made up in three ways: One, other undefined sources of revenue would need to be tapped. The taxpayers should rightly be worried about that avenue. Two, the proposed spending plan would need to be abandoned or curtailed. There is not much history on the Democratic side of this avenue being taken. Three, add to the deficit for the cost of the new programs. Unfortunately, this avenue has been taken too many times.  We will hear a lot of criticism of the Republican candidate, Senator McCain, from those on the other side. They will argue, like the President's budget, a continuation of current-law levels of taxation somehow costs the Federal Government too much revenue, just like all the money every worker makes belongs to the Government and we let the taxpayers keep a little bit of it. They will argue that the spending increases they propose are more important than the restrained levels of the President's budget, and they will argue that despite the record tax hikes in their budget, entitlement reform is a matter for another day. In fact, Senator McCain's plan intends to keep the revenue take where it is as a share of the economy. You see revenue averages of about 18.3 percent of the economy. That is 18.3 of the GDP.  The state of the economy affects revenues more than anything else. There are dips when we have been in recession and peaks when growth is high. Our side cares about keeping the revenue line at a reasonable level, about 18 to 19 percent.  We do not see the merits of an imperative behind a growing role for Government in the economy. The other side disagrees. That is their philosophy, they are entitled to it. I think they are wrong.  They impliedly or explicitly reject our premise that the size of Government needs to be kept in check. That view has been best expressed in an editorial of October 22, 2007, in the New York Times. The lead paragraph says it best:       President Bush considers himself a champion tax cutter, but      all the leading Republican presidential candidates are eager      to outdo him. Their zeal is misguided. This country's meager      tax take puts its economic prospects at risk and leaves the      Government ill equipped to face the challenges from      globalization.  But the bottom line is the New York Times directly states the view behind this budget and the position of the Democratic candidates. From this perspective, the historical level of taxation is not somehow appropriate as a measure for the next decade.  The New York Times implies that the Federal Government must grow as a percentage of our economy by at least 5 to 8 points. That is more than ever in the history of the country. If we were to follow the path suggested by the Times, the Government's share of our economy would grow by one-third. One-third. One-third is a great big increase in Government. The Democratic leadership budget takes some big steps on that path. So do the campaign proposals of the Democratic candidates. They go in the same direction.  Our Republican conference takes a different view. America is a leading market economy. American prosperity and economic strength, in our view, is derived from a vigorous private sector that affords all Americans the opportunity to work hard, to save, and to invest more of their money.  A growing economy is the best policy objective. It makes fiscal sense as well. Fiscal history shows that despite criticism to the contrary, the bipartisan tax relief plan drove revenues back up after the economic shocks we suffered earlier this decade. I am referring to the stock market bubble, corporate scandals, and the 9/11 terror attacks. Revenues bounced back when the economy bounced back. The revenue outperformed CBO's projections by a significant extent.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (