 President, we have come down to the crucial vote on whether we are going to greatly improve the House stimulus bill. In a few minutes, all Senators will have to undergo that balancing exercise I referred to last week.  On one hand, you have the legitimate concerns on the part of the House, White House, and Senate Republican. Leadership. That concern is that a wide open Senate process would slow down and complicate a straightforward House bill. Those who hold this view correctly point out that the House bill was the product of tough negotiations.  The White House and House Republicans made concessions in that negotiation. Likewise, House Democrats made concessions in that negotiation. Supporters of the House bill emphasize the need for speedy action to send the signal to workers, investors, and business people that the Federal Government is responding to the slowing economy.  On the other hand, are concerns about the substance of the House bill and a truncated process that limits the role of the Senate.  It comes down to this, Mr. President. The leaders' concern with timing must be weighed against the question of the quality of the House bill. In other words, is a take-it or leave-it House bill, which passes quickly, better than a Senate bill which allows the Senate to work its will.  I have laid out the leaders' concerns about timing. Now, we question of the adequacy of the House bill. That is the other side of the balance we need to strike.  Let's examine this side of the question. Asked another way, did the committee process improve the House bill with a Senate amendment?  I think everyone would have to answer yes. That is, the Finance Committee amendment is an improvement over the House bill. Twenty million seniors will get the checks. Over 200,000 disabled veterans will get the checks. Illegal immigrants will not be entitled to checks. These improvements to the rebate structure were the direct result of deliberations in the Finance Committee. They were contributions by members on each side. We improved the business stimulus provisions as well.  Our goal was a bipartisan economic stimulus package. The committee worked its will and improved the bill. The committee bill responded to the needs of Americans and business and, if enacted, would provide a very much needed boost for the economy.  The best proof of this point is the concession by opponents of the Finance Committee bill that the House bill must be changed on the structure of the rebate.  Before you vote, I ask Members to go back to the basic question of balancing quick action on the House bill versus improvements made by the Finance Committee.  The House bill could be passed quickly without improvements. Or we could finish the process here in the Senate and add the improvements made by the Finance Committee.  If cloture is achieved on the Finance Committee amendment, then we will have a different challenge.  We must not load up this stimulus package else further or it is likely to sink. Our leaders are right that we need to act quickly.  