  So we have offered something like closing a loophole that allows hedge fund managers to defer compensation in tax haven jurisdictions. However, we need to remove the huge charitable loophole that is contained in both the Democratic House and Senate extenders bill.  Let me try to explain something that is not explainable. I would be embarrassed if I had this in one of my bills. This charitable loophole allows hedge fund managers to deduct 100 percent of their deferred compensation that is donated to charity. In contrast, the ordinary American is only permitted to deduct charitable contributions of up to 50 percent of his or her income for that year. Everyone is obviously in favor of charity, but treating wealthy hedge fund managers better than the average American taxpayer makes no sense from a tax policy standpoint.  Also, the Senate Republican leadership suggested that some of the other new tax policy could be paid for by decreasing the scheduled increase in new spending, but that was not taken into consideration, even considering the fact that the present budget authorizes an increase greater than $350 billion over the next 10 years, and none of that is offset.  This extra $350 billion is like an extra checkbook that Congress is carrying around in addition to its already fat checkbook. This checkbook covers nondiscretionary spending and current levels of discretionary spending. We simply asked that they take a few checks out of this extra checkbook--not all of it, just a small part of it--to pay for some of these needed tax relief provisions. However, this suggestion was summarily dismissed.  My colleagues on the other side of the aisle are unwilling to even consider decreasing their increased nondefense discretionary spending that is above the President's budget. If the Blue Dogs of the other body are fiscal conservatives, they should come out and say they are willing to decrease this increase in the new extra nondefense discretionary spending. Instead, the Blue Dogs' position has been that all of the tax relief provided in the tax extenders package, even the extension of the existing tax policy, must be offset by an equal amount of tax increases on every other American. Why not look at curbing this new excess spending to pay for part of the much needed tax relief? So let us get back to square one. I invite my Blue Dog friends who claim to be fiscal conservatives to answer that question.  Back to where we started today--back to Yogi Berra. He also said: ``It ain't over 'til it's over.'' This extenders vote failed because our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have refused to negotiate toward a bipartisan bill that can be signed into law. Because of the Senate Democratic leadership's doomed plan, this extenders discussion ``ain't over 'til it's over.'' Let's get this over with. Let's negotiate toward a bipartisan agreement that can become law so the American people will benefit. So far, the Senate Democratic leadership has not done that. For that reason alone, people did vote ``no'' on cloture, as they previously had.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I thank the Senator from Ohio for allowing me the additional 4 minutes.  