 President, I have also, as an individual Senator, been working on a comprehensive plan to provide tax relief to flood, tornado, and severe storm victims in the Midwest. My Midwestern colleagues have been helping me with this effort. We urge Congress to act quickly on enacting a tax relief law because we acted very quickly--within 3 weeks--after Katrina for New Orleans.  On Wednesday, I introduced this tax bill with Senators Harkin, Bond,McCaskill, Coleman, Klobuchar, Durbin, Obama, Roberts, Brownback, Lugar, and Bayh and called it the Midwestern Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2008. The same bill was introduced in the House by the Iowa congressional delegation in a bipartisan fashion.  Federal tax relief has proven to be very helpful to disaster recovery efforts in recent years. We modeled this legislation after the tax legislation that Congress passed to help victims of Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Wilma in 2005, and the tornadoes of Kiowa County, KS, in 2007. We took into account the lessons learned from the other disaster packages, so we have been able to slim down this package and tailor it to meet the needs of this major natural disaster and not repeat the mistakes we made for Katrina, where some people who weren't hurt by the disaster were able to take advantage of it.  So we are curtailing the cost considerably. But there is another inconsistency. I have been told by the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Mr. Rangel, that our disaster tax relief package needs to be offset. Well, he didn't hear Chuck Grassley say the tax package we passed for New York City after 9/11 had to be offset. It was an emergency. New York City needed help and New York City got help from this Senator, chairman of the committee at that time. I guess at that time I was ranking member, but still helping. And when Katrina came along, I was chairman of the committee once again, and we did not ask for offsets for Katrina. People in New Orleans were hurting and we passed the legislation and the President signed it 3 weeks after Katrina. We appropriated $60 billion within 5 days after reconvening after Labor Day in 2005.  So I don't want anybody telling me that we have to offset a disaster relief package for the Midwest where people are hurting, when we didn't do it for New Orleans. Why the double standard? Is it because people aren't on rooftops complaining for helicopters to rescue them, and you see it on television too much? We aren't doing that in Iowa. We are trying to help ourselves in Iowa. We have a can-do attitude. It doesn't show up on television like it did in New Orleans for 2 months.  So we are going to move ahead. We have targeted this assistance in this tax bill to those who have suffered damage and lost specifically from this severe weather event--individuals and businesses located in presidentially declared disaster areas due to floods, tornadoes, or severe storms, in just these States--Iowa, Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, and Wisconsin--just where the harm has happened this spring.  Among other provisions, this legislation would let disaster victims with damages to their primary residence tap their assets and access cash by withdrawing money from retirement plans without penalties and suspend limits on tax incentives for charitable contributions, thus strengthening local and other fund-raising drives collecting money to help small businesses and families recover. We also create tax-credit bond authority to help local governments rebuild infrastructure with interest-free loans; increase the amount of tax-exempt bond authority to help businesses receive below-market interest rate financing; remove limitations on deducting casualty losses due to natural disasters; and reduce the 2008 tax burden for businesses by substantially increasing the 2008 deductions from depreciation and expensing the business property.  We tried to add a disaster tax relief package as an amendment to the housing bill--and I have to say Senators Shelby, Dodd, and Baucus were very helpful in that process--but we didn't get all these details ironed out in time to get it in the housing package.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 4 more minutes.  