 President, I hope my colleagues had a chance to listen to the distinguished Democratic leader talk about the tax bill vote coming up and about Republican filibusters. I wish to tell the other side of the story.  As there are 76, according to their count, filibusters, presumably Republican, what defines a filibuster around here is when you file a cloture motion. If people have a desire to talk a few hours on a bill, maybe even a few minutes on a bill, and immediately a cloture motion is slapped in, then that defines a filibuster.  That doesn't define a filibuster. If it does, then the Democrats, by not letting the Senate work its will, have in a sense shut off the purpose of the Senate, which is, of course, to thoroughly debate what passed the other body.  Tax bills can only start in the other body, and they go through there in 2 or 3 hours. If they are going to be thoroughly debated, they have to be debated here. I think it is a little disingenuous to talk about a filibuster on a tax bill when the definition of a filibuster is when a cloture motion is filed. It is filed by the majority party, not by the minority party.  Over the past few years, anyone who has observed the workings of Congress has probably discovered that we spend a lot of time every year wrestling over what are called tax extenders--probably tax policy that for the most part has been on the books for decades, one or two decades, and then sunsets, and then if you are going to keep that policy in place--in other words, keep the existing tax policy--they must be extended. We call them tax extenders. Popular provisions in the Internal Revenue Code, then, are set to expire every year or two unless Congress acts. Of course, if Congress doesn't act, then taxes go up.  In the past, I have compared this constant repetition to a film called ``Groundhog Day,'' staring Bill Murray, where Bill Murray's character relives the same day over and over again. I have a chart showing a scene from that classic and very enlightening film. It almost seems ironic that it would be appropriate on so many occasions for me to talk about a movie that itself is about repetition, but the repetitive actions of the Democratic majority and its leadership make it too hard to resist bringing Bill and Phil down here again to show you and remind you what this body, the Senate, goes through periodically.  Less than a week ago, the Senate, by a vote of 50 to 44, rejected a motion to invoke cloture on a motion to proceed to the House bill, H.R. 6049, the Renewable Energy and Job Creation Act. In just a few moments we are going to repeat that exact same vote. Why? 