 One, to state some views on the Durbin amendment and, No. 2, to give very short remarks on tax provisions that are part of the underlying housing bill. I would like to speak on the Durbin amendment for the reason that I am the author of the bankruptcy reform provisions that passed here, maybe 3 or 4 years ago, and are now law. I would like to speak on the tax provisions as ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee.  Senator Durbin and I have had opportunities to work together on many issues, and in fact we are working together on other things this very day, unrelated to this bill. I appreciate the opportunities to cooperate in a bipartisan way with Senator Durbin. Senator Durbin, many months ago, was very polite, coming to me and asking me to take a look at his bankruptcy language. It is probably similar to the one that is before us right now. I know the language has been changed some since then, but it is basically the same concept. He asked me to consider it.  I and my staff did consider it, and I am standing here now to speak against it. But Senator Durbin was very courteous in giving me a heads up, not just a few weeks ago but a long time ago. I want my colleagues to know Senator Durbin is an easy Senator to work with, even if you disagree with him.  So I am here to voice opposition to Senator Durbin's bankruptcy amendment. While I appreciate Senator Durbin's sincerity in trying to alleviate the home mortgage crisis, I believe his amendment is misguided and will have serious unintended consequences. So I am going to point out some of my concerns.  First, the proposal would make filing bankruptcy a deceptively attractive option for people trying to keep their homes. But we do not want to encourage people to go into bankruptcy for the sole reason of keeping their homes. Rather, we should be working on solutions outside of bankruptcy to address this issue, and that is what a great part of the other provisions of this housing legislation before us is all about. That is what a lot of the things the Federal Reserve and the Secretary of the Treasury are trying to do, both through public policy as well as through encouraging private sector policy.  Other solutions need to be sought before bankruptcy. In order to get the relief Senator Durbin wants, homeowners will have to go into bankruptcy to get it. That is no news. He has made that very clear. I believe otherwise; that voluntary efforts and programs outside of bankruptcy will be quicker and more efficient, in terms of helping people keep their homes and shoring up the housing market. We need to let these efforts work.  Also, people will not risk ruining their credit history by filing for bankruptcy just because they think that this is the only way maybe they are going to be able to keep their home. The mortgage banking industry needs to be doing all it can to make sure that all homeowners in distress, not just the ones in bankruptcy, are getting help in making their payments.  I think more importantly, we have been told the cramdown provision in Senator Durbin's amendment will increase the cost of mortgages for all borrowers in the form of higher interest rates or higher downpayments, or both. Independent experts, as well as the Congressional Budget Office--and I like quoting the Congressional Budget Office because they are not partisan--have concluded that there will be an interest rate increase for all home mortgages, between 1 and 2 percent. Higher interest rates will deny many Americans the ability to buy a home and will make it more expensive for other Americans to get a home loan. So, in effect, this will put up barriers--maybe unintended barriers, but real barriers, the experts tell us--to the American dream of owning a home.  The fact is, in 1978, a Democratic-controlled Congress and a Democratic President specifically--and I wish to emphasize ``specifically''--exempted primary residences from cramdown to keep interest rates low for primary homes and to ensure credit was available for low-income borrowers. In fact, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Stevens explained, in the Nobleman case, that the legislative history of the 1978 bankruptcy law indicated very clearly that:       . . . favorable treatment of residential mortgages was      intended to encourage the flow of capital into the home      lending market.  Debate surrounding the Senate version of the 1978 act indicates that exceptions for real estate liens were allowed with the explicit goal of making home mortgages more available and more affordable than other kinds of credit. So I think, from the history of the 1978 act, there is a sound policy basis for this decision to not allow cramdown for primary homes in bankruptcy.  