 I want to thank Senators Shelby, Dodd, and Baucus, though, for their consideration of putting that in the housing bill.  We have had further discussions since then with Chairman Rangel and Baucus. It is our hope that we can swiftly reach a bicameral agreement with Ways and Means and the Senate Finance Committee on our proposals. I think we basically have it ironed out, except for this offset issue. And we should pass this tax bill in both the House and Senate by unanimous consent before we leave for the August recess. That would get it done in still a longer period of time than it took me to get tax relief for New Orleans.  Once again, assistance to Iowa and the Midwest should not be held hostage to politics and gamesmanship. We treated the victims of the gulf coast with quick and fair action, as I have indicated twice during my remarks. We passed $60 billion in appropriations bills within a week of returning to Washington after the August recess--Katrina happening just days before Labor Day, during our recess--and we passed that tax relief bill that I have mentioned that was signed by the President within 3 weeks. Those were clean bills. They weren't loaded down with controversial extraneous positions and didn't need offsets.  Efforts underway by Democratic leadership are letting down the people of the Midwest. They are trying to use this disaster assistance as a vehicle to promote an agenda and pet projects, and I will give you some examples. The majority would like to include a provision to give $1.2 billion in tax credits to New York City, even though New York City does not pay Federal taxes. This proposal is widely reported to fund the building of a train from Manhattan to John F. Kennedy Airport through the use of New York Liberty Zone tax credits. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, Congress has never before provided a limited tax benefit such as this to a government unit.  This provision is very controversial, is nonemergency, and it would slow down getting assistance to the Midwest, and Iowans, where people are hurting and hurting right now. I reiterate that politics should not get in the way of helping the victims of the storms and tornadoes in the Midwest. To cut through this hogwash, we ought to pass the Midwestern disaster tax relief bill by unanimous consent even this week.  As Iowans and others in the central United States start recovering and rebuilding their lives and communities after these record deadly storms and floods, they need and deserve swift Federal action. The assistance should not be held up over politics.  I am often asked by constituents not to forget them. Therefore, I am asking my colleagues in Congress this very minute not to forget my constituents or other constituents of Midwestern States. We only ask that Congress give Iowans and those in the Midwest the same consideration we gave victims of other disasters--and most often I mention New York City and New Orleans--nothing more, nothing less.  If any of my colleagues doubt that this is an emergency and that Federal aid is needed, I am in Iowa every weekend--except this weekend, I am sorry to say, because we are in session on Saturday. But whenever they come, I will be happy to show them around. I have all kinds of pictures, which I think my staff has been putting up from time to time, to demonstrate this disaster that we have had in the Midwest.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  