Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, we have been working hard to improve this bill since its introduction. The amendment in the nature of a substitute is a bipartisan amendment that has been carefully crafted based on input from Senator Feinstein and her staff, the administration, the State of California, and water groups. This amendment was not crafted in a vacuum, and I believe it addresses many concerns voiced over the last several weeks.  Reflecting the dynamic that differing regions of California represent, as opposed to the whole State, the amendment also includes necessary policy provisions:  Bay-Delta water quality protections: Bay-Delta water quality issues have not been adequately addressed in the past and they need to be fixed now. It is not fair that the constituents of the gentleman from California (Mr. Pombo), or the constituents of the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller), or the constituents of the gentleman from California (Mr. Cardoza) should bear the highest water quality burdens because of circumstances outside their control.These water quality provisions addressed in this bill are the results of discussions between water users throughout California, including in-Delta water uses. Most importantly, these provisions do not allow increased pumping unless water quality standards are met.  Water storage: Everyone wants to have more flexibility delivering water supplies throughout the State. Increased storage will give us more flexibility and improve water quality. In fact, my good friends in districts in the Bay area and beyond recently supported the Los Vaqueros expansion for these very purposes. My amendment provides that CALFED storage projects are subject to appropriate feasibility studies and if Congress does not act to disapprove them in 120 days, then construction is authorized.  Ensuring that adequate storage is part of a balanced CALFED is important here since CALFED expenditures so far have been imbalanced. This provision helps develop CALFED storage, and in no way undermines the regulatory process, including the Endangered Species Act, NEPA, SEQA, the Clean Water Act, and a number of other Federal acts and laws. Furthermore, these projects are still subject to appropriations.  Ecosystem restoration: The amendment has a ``right to know'' provision on how taxpayer dollars are being spent on ecosystem restoration. These provisions ask the Federal agencies to submit a management plan for CALFED-related ecosystem projects. These management plans would require a cost analysis, possible alternatives, disclosure of impacts, and required mitigation. All other projects, like storage projects, require much more detailed feasibility reports. We are only asking for a management plan that sits before Congress, which has no veto authority over such a management plan. This is nothing more than a good government plan that in no way hinders ecosystem restoration.  Mr. Speaker, there has never been a water bill that everybody likes. God knows I know that. But this is getting close. We have worked hard to resolve concerns and will continue to work with my colleagues and stakeholders on these issues. We cannot let the perfect be the enemy of the good. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  