 Last year back in the Congress when it really mattered, when that proposal came down like a fast ball down the center aisle here from the administration and wanted the American people to put forward nearly $1 trillion and normal hearings were not held. The membership, I don't think, was respected at that time.  Thank goodness, it's a new Congress, and we have now seen that the Treasury Department, under Mr. Paulson's leadership, was more than happy to take over $250 billion of the American people's money and to distribute it to their favored friends. We don't even know who all those friends are. We read press reports. There has been no proper oversight, and we don't know who the recipients have been.  I can tell you, and I was identifying so much with the gentleman from Texas, because in my region of northern Ohio the foreclosures are increasing, unabated, the pace of increase. And just last December we had another 300, right before Christmas, 300 more families dislodged from their homes. This month, we had the same.  I went over to the Treasury. Right before Christmas, when Congress left, I came back with a big scroll. I took over to the Treasury 4,100 addresses in Lucas County, Toledo, Ohio, of every citizen that had lost their home in my district in 2008.  The Secretary wasn't there to see me. So we went out in the back and we unrolled the scroll, which went all the way down the stairs on the south side of the Treasury building. And we took some photos, and we put them up on our Web site. We pleaded with the people from Treasury to please work with us, not to make it a bad holiday for the people in our region, not to make it a bad new year, to find a way to gather the agencies.  One of the assistants to the Secretary gathered us, and we asked for a televideo conference with people back home. We did that over at the Library of Congress, where Treasury officials, FDIC, SEC, HUD, Federal Reserve--and we had the people back home, realtors, the county commissioners, the auditors. We had all of the interest groups back home in this conversation--and it was great to have a conversation on how can we stop the hemorrhage in the mortgage markets?  It didn't happen. Christmas came, Hanukkah came, more hundreds of people got dislodged from their homes, and the system just didn't work.  Unfortunately, the administration said to us, well we really need a housing czar. I said, we said we don't need a housing czar. We need for the agencies to use their regulatory power to get the market to work. Let the market heal itself. You are not using these powers to let the market heal itself.  As a result, my region has had auctioneers come in. One company from Texas actually came in. I read about it in the newspaper, and I went to the auction of homes that were auctioned off for $4,500. For that amount of money, we could have put the original owner back in.  But the HUD money hadn't come. The HUD money wasn't there so the city couldn't bid on its own properties. Outside investors, one outside investor bought 137 properties.  These properties are not maintained. What happens is people break in them and they steal the copper wiring and the chandeliers, and they become gutted units. This is what is happening.  