Speaker, the House of Representatives voted last week, disapproving of the release of the second tranche of Wall Street bailout--called TARP moneys--to the U.S. Treasury. I disapproved, along with a majority of our colleagues here, on sending more money over there. Of course our vote made no difference.  It is really amazing how this unusual procedure was adopted in the original bill passed last year that basically took away our rights as Members of this House. So the money was released to Treasury, and what happens over there becomes more troubling every day.  Now, the Senate basically gave the newly named Secretary of Treasury a pass, even though Mr. Geithner failed to pay his taxes. He didn't fail to pay $100 or $200 or $10,000 or $20,000--I think it was well over $34,000, and he's the person now responsible for overseeing the Internal Revenue Service and the entire bailout.  In addition, as the administration seeks to reduce the influence of lobbyists, as the Secretary issues statements on reducing the influence of lobbyists on Treasury policy and directing TARP funds, how could he then, as Secretary of Treasury, hire a lobbyist--a lobbyist who had been hired by Goldman Sachs--and put that lobbyist as his Chief of Staff? In case you really didn't know it, Goldman Sachs used to be one of those Wall Street gambling houses that lost all of their investors' money. And then, when they got in trouble, they did something very clever; overnight they became a bank holding company, which means they came under the protections of the insurance fund that other banks that had been responsibly managed had paid into for decades. But they were powerful enough to ride right over them and to land themselves there, and then put their hand out for $10 billion of bailout money. Now that's a real clever score.  Now, we can be pretty certain that Treasury's Chief of Staff will welcome his old friends and colleagues to the Treasury as the bailout funds and other banking issues come up. Wouldn't surprise me at all. But isn't that what President Obama is really trying to prevent?  On top of this, Secretary Geithner received nearly a half a million dollars--half a million dollars--in severance from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York when he left.  Now, we know that the New York Fed and the Treasury are very connected--it's like an umbilical cord tying the two together--and they just circulate their people up and down between New York and Washington, and then the people of the other States have to pay for the wrongdoing they get into about every 10, 15 years or so. USA Today reports the Government Accountability Office has questioned Treasury's policies in a December report, saying the Department didn't have a plan to monitor conflicts of interest. Of course they say they will work to address this, but can we be sure that conflicts of interest have been scrubbed clean? No, of course not.  