I thank him for yielding me time. I want to thank Congresswoman Woolsey for her great leadership in introducing House Resolution 211, honoring the contributions of women across history, and certainly here in our great country. I want to thank Congressman Issa for his support.  I also want to say that we have a long way to go. As far as we have come, we have even further to go. The majority of women's contributions in history have never been recorded. So much of what women have lived has not even been put to pen and to page; and that is no more true than here in the House of Representatives itself.  I was so pleased the other day to walk in the main corridor on the first floor of the Capitol, and to see for the first time in history the portrait of Shirley Chisholm hung in a place where most people who travel here will actually witness the first African American woman ever to be elected to the Congress of the United States, and who campaigned for me in my very first campaign. She left in 1983.  For a very long time, indeed the first 200 years of our country, up until this last decade, the only portrait of a woman hung in this House was of Pocahontas over in the main dome of the Capitol as she saved the life of John Smith around the year 1623. But it wasn't until this last decade where we tried to get the portraits of women hung in this Capitol, and it has proved to be as hard as winning the Revolutionary War.  Mary Norton, the child of Irish immigrants, has finally been hung in the Education and Labor Committee as the first woman to chair a committee in this House, the Education and Labor Committee. She wrote the National Labor Relations Act, No Child Labor, time-and-a-half overtime, minimum wage. And for all those years, from the Great Depression until this past year, her portrait was in a closet here in the Capitol. Imagine that. Jeannette Rankin, the first woman to ever serve from the State of Montana before suffrage was even adopted, never a portrait of her. Finally, it was commissioned. We worked so hard. She is hung up on the third floor as you come off to the visitor's gallery.  