. 2996, the Interior Appropriations bill.  This legislation provides critical support for redevelopment of the Great Lakes and includes $475 million to jumpstart restoration activities in our freshwater rich region. For the past decade, our region has been carefully assembling a comprehensive restoration strategy, and for the first time, this bill begins to fund that restoration.  With 84 percent of our Nation's fresh water, over 40 million people living on the Great Lakes and over 20 percent of the world's freshwater, America must implement a restoration strategy that empowers the basin to use this freshwater resource to promote sustainable growth. As we are constantly reminded, freshwater is becoming a scarce resource.  This has been a watershed year for the Great Lakes. With the inclusion of this language in the budget resolution and now the full fledged commitment of the Appropriations Committee and Congress, America takes a significant step to restore the landscape on which over 40 million Americans rely.  In addition to this historic commitment for the Great Lakes, this bill provides nearly $3.6 billion for sorely needed drinking water and wastewater investments, and significant increases for the National Park Service. This legislation supports activities by the Forest Service to more effectively deal with invasive species that have destroyed the tree cover by bugs such as the Emerald Ash Borer which have killed as many as 40 million trees in the Midwest. Our region alone will lose 10 percent of its tree cover as a result of a bug that came into our country from imported material.  Let me congratulate the chair of the full committee, the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Obey and the chair of this subcommittee, Mr. Dicks, the gentleman from Washington who have done yeomen's work in shepherding through this legislation which protects the environment and allows Great Lakes shipping to continue. U.S.-flag Great Lakes fleet already burns cleaner fuel than that used by many of the world's ocean going vessels.  The useful lives of the 13 U.S.-Flag steamships to 2020, will be extended when the .5 percent sulfur standard is implemented worldwide. Ships burn less fuel and produce fewer emissions than trains and trucks. It would take 1.1 million trucks or 290,000 railcars to replace their carrying capacity. We all win when we keep these cargos on vessels working the Great Lakes.  Let me thank all the conferees for their hard work.  