I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote for no more money for Wall Street.  Today, the House will vote on whether to disagree with the $350 billion in additional funding for Wall Street banks. Those of us who are here on the floor today say ``no more money.'' I urge my colleagues to withhold further taxpayer funding to Wall Street.  The housing foreclosure crisis is at the crux of our economic meltdown. And until we fix that, more money to Wall Street is but a massive diversion and a ruse. Treasury took our taxpayers' money in the last-minute raid before last November's election as it stamped Congress into hasty, misguided and wrong action. The argument was, we better do something because we don't want to be blamed for whatever might go wrong. There was little thought, there was a lot of fear.  Well, plenty continues to go wrong. The Dow has dipped below 8,000. Homeowners are losing their homes at an accelerating rate. The latest foreclosure numbers underscore the need. Nationally, foreclosure filings surged to 303,000 last month, 303,000 families--that's probably close to a million people, an increase of 17 percent over the prior month and 41 percent from the same month the prior year. These are staggering numbers.  All that Wall Street has done with our money is try to cover its tracks, allowing big wrongdoers to benefit by coming under the protection of the Bank Holding Company Act--they think we don't notice--by giving those gambling houses deposit insurance which they never paid for. Worst of all, our homeowners weren't helped. They're still being bilked and losing their homes.  How has Wall Street bilked the public? Let me count the ways. First, predatory loan practices have squeezed out equity from homeowners across our country by over-leveraging the market, earning Wall Street hundreds of billions of dollars while the good times lasted. And then, second, when the bubble burst, they placed the trillion dollar burden of their schemes and massive losses onto the U.S. taxpayer that our children and grandchildren are being asked to pay.  Third, Wall Street banks further enriched themselves by refusing to do loan workouts, which was the original purpose of TARP. And fourth, instead, banks are using the money to buy banks and further concentrate financial power in the hands of very few who you can track right back to Wall Street.  Meanwhile, at the Main Street level, the suffering continues. Fifth, as Wall Street contracts with absentee auction houses to auction foreclosed properties at fire sale prices in Toledo and Sandusky and Cleveland, indeed all across this country, while booking any tax losses on those properties due to declining property values on their Federal taxes for 2008. Another bonanza to them.  Banks are ensuring they will benefit on the upside too as the mortgage market recovers as the taxpayer-insured Federal Housing Administration's capabilities are enlarged to buy up those very mortgages. And they're hoping that as families might fall into bankruptcy, that maybe the courts will take care of this too. All the burden is on the homeowner, nothing to hold accountable those who have done the real wrong.  Believe it or not, Wall Street is now luring cash-strapped local governments into schemes to avoid loan workouts to earn money at the local level from high fees through quick recovery of tax leans owed while Wall Street fails to inform homeowners of taxes owed. And those Wall Street firms are earning huge profits--are you ready for this? Eighteen percent on this scheme alone.  You know, a bank's power, unlike any other organization in our country, is to create money. They don't print it. Instead, through loans, they create money through transactions that earn money and then reloan that.  