Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette).  Mr. LaTOURETTE. I thank my friend from Alaska for yielding.  I want to commend our good friend and colleague, Ms. Herseth Sandlin, from South Dakota, for her hard work in bringing this bill to the floor today. I understand she has been delayed by travel difficulties, but I am honored to be the lead Republican on this particular bill.  I am also pleased to indicate that the lead sponsor in the 110th Congress was Ralph Regula, Representative Ralph Regula. It was his vision that really started this program as ``Ohio View'' in 1998. It began as a pilot program through a partnership between the United States Geological Survey and several universities in the State of Ohio.  Originally called ``Ohio View,'' the program expanded nationwide beginning in 2000 and is currently active in 35 States across the country. The AmericaView program helps States and territories access the Federal Government's nonclassified satellite and airborne imagery. It provides remote sensing data to communities in order to manage resources, plan for natural disasters, and respond to security threats.  The National Land Remote Sensing Outreach Act will maintain a nationwide AmericaView program and advance the availability of distribution and use of remote sensing data in each State. This bill will also expand remote sensing education as well as award grants to educational institutions and State and local governments to develop these programs.  There is a growing need for geospatial technology professionals, and this funding will bring remote sensing into K-12 classrooms across the country, strengthening students' science skills.  The AmericaView program has been valuable to communities across the Nation. I believe it is an effective use of taxpayer money.  Again, I want to thank Congresswoman Herseth Sandlin for introducing the bill again this Congress, and I appreciate very much the work of the Natural Resources Committee in improving the legislation.  I urge my colleagues to support the bill.  