I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, I want to congratulate all of the members of the subcommittee for having worked so hard all year long to get this product to where we finally have final passage on the issue.  The House passed this bill 4\1/2\ months ago. The Senate passed it in September. It has been a bit of a painful process along the way because a lot of suggestions and a lot of ideas were raised of which we could agree to some and could not agree to others.  Anyway, we have produced what I think is a good package. I may not be as enthusiastic about this one as I have been for many others in the past, but it is a good bill. It does provide what our soldiers, what our sailors, what our marines, and what our airmen need in order to do their jobs and to protect themselves while they're at it.  I would have said ``Coast Guard,'' but we don't have the jurisdiction in this subcommittee for the Coast Guard. Yet we recognize the importance of the United States Coast Guard as well.  The bill is not too much different from the House bill that we passed 4\1/2\ months ago. There has had to be some negotiation, obviously, but I think we provided what our soldiers need and what our country needs. There is a 3.4 percent pay raise for the members of our military. It wasn't quite that big when it came to us, but we increased it to give a little more of a substantial pay raise to the members of our military.  There is one point that I was questioned about which I need to make clear: There is no money in this bill to move detainees from Guantanamo or to buy or build new facilities in the United States for detaining Guantanamo detainees. So there is no money in this bill for that purpose.  All in all, it's a good bill and one that I can support enthusiastically. As I think most of the Members know, Madam Speaker, a number of other temporary issues have been added to this bill at the leadership level, and we do not object to that. We think that that is perfectly acceptable. In fact, I think it's a good idea in some of the cases.  I yield to the ranking member on the full committee, who chaired this subcommittee for quite a few years, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lewis), who has been a major player in our Defense appropriations for years.  