President, again, the vote before us is a vote on my amendment which would restrict the deduction of advertising expenses for tobacco companies which do not choose to follow FDA rules and regulations. There are many reasons why this is appropriate. The most compelling reason is simply the record of tobacco itself. It is a record that has shown over many, many decades a consistent attempt to market to children.  There have been some objectives with respect to the first amendment. Let me suggest, first, that commercial speech under the doctrine of the Supreme Court is not afforded the same level of protection as pure political speech. This is clearly a case of commercial speech.  Second, the test of the leading case, Central Hudson, clearly states that if there is a substantial governmental interest, if the proposed legislation addresses directly that interest, and if it is done by means that are narrowly focused and no more than is necessary, that it would pass the test. I submit that this legislation does that. There can be no more compelling national interest than curbing teenage smoking.  Under the record of the FDA, they have demonstrated that if we take effective advertising restrictions and put them in place, we could on an annual basis save 250,000 children from addiction to nicotine. That is a direct, material, significant correlation between the substantial national interest and this legislation.  Finally, this legislation is narrowly focused.  I also submit that this legislation does not spring up de nova. We have had a long record of trying to constrain access to tobacco products to children. In the 1970s and 1960s, we put warning labels on cigarettes. That has proven ineffective. In the early 1970s, we banned TV advertising on tobacco products. That has proved ineffective. We have reached an intellectual consensus that in order to get the job done--that is what we are here to do--in order to effectively prevent the children from the addiction of nicotine, we have to have reasonable constraints on advertising. This legislation does it.  I should also point out that many States in the United States already impose certain restrictions on advertising to children. For example, the State of Utah precludes the placement of billboards or other types of visible advertising for cigarettes within that State.  To point out that in many other jurisdictions--Texas, for example--thereare limits on how close one can place a billboard within a school. All of these have been in effect for many, many years. They have been tested. They are constitutionally permissible. We can do it. And, indeed, we must do it.  We have literally within our power the opportunity to save 250,000 children a year from the ravages of smoking. That is the conclusion of the FDA after their extensive, detailed rulemaking process. We can and we must insist on this type of regulatory authority. I think it will provide a device that will lead the companies to do what they have yet been unable to do; that is, stop marketing cigarette products to children.  We see it in every manner in every form. I have been for the last several days pointing out an advertisement, a mail solicitation that a 16-year-old junior high school student received in Providence, RI. It was slick. It was sophisticated. It was based upon a rock concert that he attended several months before, a concert attended by many people under 18 years of age. It was not coincidental. It was a deliberate, calculated, focused attempt by the industry using the talents of advertising executives, focus group directors, people who understand psychology and the dynamics of youth addiction, to figure out how they could get the message right in the hands of a 16-year-old that smoking is good; not only good, it is socially desirable.  We shouldn't stand for that. We don't have to stand for it. We know that for years and years and years the tobacco industry has been misleading the American public. That is objectionable. But when we discover, as we do from all of these documents and all of this litigation, that their target has been young children as young as 12 and 13 years old, that becomes unconscionable. And the conscious of this country and the conscious of this Senate will be tested today. Will we take effective steps to preclude access to tobacco products of children?  This amendment is constitutionally sound. This amendment will, in fact, provide decisive and effective controls on tobacco access by young people in this country. We shouldn't shrink from this responsibility. We should pass this legislation to ensure that when we finish this great debate, and as we look ahead, we will be confident that we have taken effective, practical steps to prevent children from being addicted to nicotine and tobacco. If we don't do that, many, many young people--the estimate is 5 million young people under 18--will die prematurely. We can stop that if we vote today to support this amendment.  I retain the remainder of my time.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Grams). The Senator from Oklahoma is recognized.  