President. I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Let me respond to the Senator from Iowa. First of all, he raised interesting arguments about the amendment I did not propose, which would be a more detailed review of the underwriting practices of credit card companies and those that extend credit. For the reasons he illustrated, I did not suggestthat amendment, because requiring a bankruptcy judge to look at the myriad of different underwriting standards of companies throughout the United States would not be appropriate.  What is appropriate, I believe, is to require that they look at the good faith of the person who extends the credit and is now requesting that the debtor be transferred from chapter 7 to chapter 13. It seems to me to be perfectly consistent with the notion that the judge would also look at the good faith of the debtor--whether that debtor, in fact, was trying to use chapter 7 as a dodge. That is already in the legislation.  He also raised some very interesting questions about how this will apply in practice, but I think the answer--a compelling answer, in my view--is that this is exactly what a bankruptcy judge is authorized and empowered to do on a daily basis--make judgments about the good faith of the debtor and, I suggest, also the good faith of the creditor. He or she can make these judgments. That is why they are there. They have the facts. This is a standard that is persistent throughout the bankruptcy code.  There are numerous places in which the judge is called upon to make good-faith determinations. It does not require the kind of searching, detailed analysis of all the credit policies of a particular credit card company or a bank that extends credit, but what it requires is a commonsense view of whether or not the individual who has extended the credit has abused their market power or has, in fact, somehow distorted the relationship which we think is appropriate between a borrower and a lender.  The Senator from Iowa also makes reference to the CRA Act in terms of suggesting that my demonstration of the explosion of credit is in some way inconsistent with suggesting that the Community Reinvestment Act play as positive a role.  I do not think we witnessed a 238-percent increase in consumer community lending over the last several years as we have witnessed an explosion of the extension of credit by credit card companies. I do not think that we have seen the kind of robust lending into distressed communities that many in this Chamber would think would be appropriate.  So to make that analogy by pointing out that credit card companies are increasingly lax about their extension of credit is somehow inconsistent with supporting very thorough and very limited lending under the CRA, I do not think carries weight.  What we have is a situation in which the credit card companies--and we know this. Again, you do not have to go ahead and commission a survey to find out and discover this fact; you just have to sit home some Saturday when at 9:30 in the morning the phone rings, and you think it is your cousin or your brother calling up, and it is a credit card company. You politely hang up the phone. At 10:30 you get another call, thinking again it is a family member, and it is another credit card company. You go out to your mailbox at 11 a.m. Guess what? There are two solicitations, a platinum card and a gold card; and at 2 o'clock, thinking it is a member of the staff, it is another credit card company. You know this because you go back to your States, as I do, and you learn this from your constituents.  This industry is really promoting credit. Is it beneficial? Sure it is. Access to credit is something that moves this economy forward. But when this credit extension is not done in a wise way, when in fact there is tangible evidence that there has been, in fact, bad faith--and that is a fairly strong standard to meet--then I think that the judge should be able to say or should be required to say you cannot move a debtor from chapter 7 to chapter 13.  I am also pleased to note that the increase in the standard is to 30 percent of the ability to pay. I think that is an improvement in the legislation, just like I think this would be an improvement in the legislation.  Let me conclude by saying I, frankly, believe that the way this legislation is already structured, with the judge in a position, not required to but having discretion--and the language is ``may'' move a debtor from chapter 7 to chapter 13--there is implicitly already a good-faith standard that I think any bankruptcy judge worth his or her salt in seeing a company that was abusive, that is filing constant petitions to move someone from chapter 7 to chapter 13, that have a known record for shoddy behavior in the community, I would think that individual would take that into consideration and should take that into consideration.  That is why I do not believe my amendment is a unique or extreme departure from what already should be the standard. I would hope that we could adopt this amendment. I think it will go a long way to ensure that there is a balanced test, that you look at the debtor, you determine whether that individual can pay a certain amount--30 percent--and you look to see if that debtor has been deploying bad faith to apply to chapter 7, but at the same time look over, not at any rigorous searching review of underwriting standards, but look at that very, very obvious standard of good faith, look at that creditor. That is what this amendment is supposed to do.  I yield the floor.  