President, at 5 p.m. the Senate will vote on my amendment, which would deny advertising deductions to the tobacco industry if they do not follow the FDA rules and regulations with respect to advertising to children.  We are here debating a large, comprehensive tobacco bill because our major goal, our overriding interest, is to prevent children from being enticed into smoking. We know from the industry's own records that they have relentlessly, over decades, deliberatelymounted promotional advertising campaigns aimed at children as young as 12 or 13 years old. We know from the effects of this record that in a survey of 3-year-old children, 60 percent or so recognize Joe Camel as a symbol of smoking; 6-year-old children, first grade, 91 percent recognize Joe Camel as a symbol of smoking.  Advertising and the promotion of cigarettes are inextricably linked. My amendment goes to the heart of that. The FDA has proposed narrowly based and narrowly focused regulations. The amendment would say if the tobacco industry does not want to abide by these regulations, they lose their tax deductions for advertising. Taken by itself, my amendment does not even preclude them from saying anything or doing anything. What it simply says is they will do it on their own nickel.  Now, we have a great support from the public health community. The following organizations and individuals are supporting it: C. Everett Koop, the former Surgeon General, the American Lung Association, the Center for Tobacco-Free Kids, ENACT Coalition, and many others. Cosponsors of this legislation include my colleagues Senator Boxer, Senator Wyden, Senator Kennedy, Senator Daschle, Senator Durbin, Senator Wellstone, Senator Feinstein, Senator Bingaman, Senator Conrad, and Senator Johnson.  This amendment is a logical way to strengthen and make effective the major goal of this legislation. It also is constitutionally permissible under the Central Hudson test, the Supreme Court case that outlined permissible limits on commercial speech. It meets that test. First of all, we are advancing a substantial national interest. According to the FDA documents and their research and the rulemaking, if we have effective controls on advertising to children, we can save approximately 250,000 children a year from becoming addicted to nicotine.  It is also directly related to the substantial national interest. In fact, the industry itself is the best evidence of this. They spend $6 billion a year on advertising. We are subsidizing them to the tune of $1.6 billion, but they know and they have demonstrated that advertising is the way they entice young people to smoke. If we stop this linkage, we will do more than anything else to ensure that we protect the children of America.  The final aspect of the Central Hudson test is that this legislation is narrowly constructed and focused. As I mentioned before, it does not absolutely forbid any ban on speech. What it does do, however, it essentially restricts their ability to put posters near schools and to do many other things.  This legislation is both constitutionally sound and is a public policy which will support what we are here to do--to prevent children from smoking.  