President.  I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for yielding me time.  Yesterday, I had the privilege of attending a meeting, along with my colleagues, Senator Kennedy, Senator Conrad and Senator Lautenberg, with C. Everett Koop. And Dr. Koop had the right prescription for this aspect of the legislation. His prescription was quite simple: raise the price per pack by $1.50. As the preeminent public health official in this country, indeed in some respects America's family doctor, I believe his advice should be taken to heart by this body and we should move to support this amendment by Senator Kennedy.  I am a very proud cosponsor of this amendment. Indeed, this is not a radical departure. Two committees of the Senate have already passed this amendment--the Senate Finance Committee and the Senate Budget Committee. They have done so on a bipartisan basis.  So what is at stake here is reaffirming and confirming what has been done already, what has been advocated by public health officials; and that is to raise the price per pack by $1.50.  Study after study has confirmed the fact that this will make an important impact on the rate of teenage smoking. But these studies are less dramatic than the words of people who probably know best the effect of price and consumption with respect to tobacco products--the wards of the industry itself.  In 1981, a Philip Morris internal document stated, and I quote:       In any event, and for whatever reason, it is clear that      price has a pronounced effect on the smoking prevalence of      teenagers, and that the goals of reducing teenage smoking and      balancing the budget would both be served by increasing the      Federal excise tax on cigarettes.  That is not Dr. Koop. That is not the proponents of this amendment. That is the tobacco industry, coolly, carefully assessing what price does to teenage smoking. And it reduces it.  In 1987, another Philip Morris internal document lamented a decline in youth smoking caused by price increases, their price increases. The document stated:       We don't need to have that happen again. So if the industry      understands what will be affected by a price increase, we      should understand also. But as I have indicated, research      findings from various sources confirm the fact that a      price increase will affect dramatically, decisively, and      positively the decline of teenage smoking.  In listening to this debate, one is struck by the different approaches one could take to the goal of reducing teenage smoking. I think there are just two basic ways you can do that. First, if we are really sincere about reducing teenage smoking, we can create an elaborate regulatory bureaucratic structure with agents in every community who would monitor teen smoking, with reports that would go back and forth about teen smoking, with supervision of the distribution network, and all sorts of ways to do it. Or we could use the market--the most efficient device created by humanity to allocate goods and services--we could use the market.  That is what this amendment proposes to do. It simply says, if we raise the price of cigarettes, we will cause a decline in teenage smoking--efficiently, dramatically, and effectively.  So I argue, if anyone is a believer in the affect of the market on behavior, if anyone believes that price makes a difference--and I think that is the credo of both parties, but certainly the Republican Party--you would be in favor of a market-oriented approach like this to curtail teen smoking.  The only other alternative is that we are really not talking about curtailing teen smoking on the floor today; we are talking about something else. But if you believe that we are here to reduce teenage smoking, and you believe that the market can work wonders in terms of allocated goods and services, you should be supporting this amendment.  Now, as I indicated, the evidence is replete from many different sources of this effect. Reports from the Institute of Medicine's National Academy of Sciences, the National Cancer Institute, the Department of the Treasury, the Surgeon General--all these indicate the correlation between price increases and reduced teenage smoking.  A National Bureau of Economic Research study in 1996 found that young people were three times as sensitive to cigarette prices as older smokers.  A 1997 study in Tobacco Control found a strong relationship between cigarette prices and youth smoking, with each 10-percent increase in price resulting in a 9-percent reduction in youth smoking.  In its 1998 report, ``Taking Action to Reduce Tobacco Use,'' the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences concluded that:       * * * the single most direct and reliable method for      reducing consumption is to increase the price of tobacco      products, thus encouraging the cessation and reducing the      level of initiation of tobacco use.  A National Cancer Institute expert panel in 1993 reported that ``a substantial increase in tobacco excise taxes may be the single most effective measure for decreasing tobacco consumption,'' and they also concluded that ``an excise tax reduces consumption by children and teenagers at least as much as it reduces consumption by adults.''  The 1994 Surgeon General's report, likewise, indicated a real price increase would significantly reduce cigarette smoking.  All of this data, all of these studies, come to the same conclusion: If we want to reduce teenage smoking, if we want to use the efficient allocation mechanism of the market, we should raise the price to a significant level--$1.50 per pack.  Now, all of these experiences are academic. We can have a battle of reports and analysis back and forth here. But we have a real-life example:  In Canada, between 1979 and 1991, when real prices increased from $2.09 to $5.42, smoking rates among young people 15 to 19 years old fell from 42 percent to 16 percent while overall consumption of tobacco products also declined--a huge decrease.  Now, this was a big sample, the country of Canada. Real price increases and real dramatic results in decreasing teenage smoking. And we have to do this because we all know and we all recite repeatedly the statistics: 50 million Americans addicted to tobacco; 1 out of every 3 of these individuals will die prematurely from tobacco-related diseases; three-quarters of them want to quit smoking, but they cannot because it is an addictive substance.  The conclusion they have come to and we should is it is better that they never start. It is better that we take steps to curtail teenage smoking when there is a chance to divert a young person away from this addiction. We know that over 90 percent of smokers started before they were 18--again, a clarion call to us to take action to protect the youth of this country.  Each year, 1 million children become regular smokers. And, as I said, one-third of them will die prematurely. There are 5 million kids under 18 currently alive today who will die from tobacco-related diseases across the country.  It is disturbing, in my home State of Rhode Island, while smoking levels have flattened out with respect to the overall population, high school students seem to be smoking 25 percent more than they were just a few years ago.  We have to act now. We have to use the most decisive tool we have, and that is price increases, to affect the behavior of young people so that we will not see them needlessly die from tobacco-related diseases.  I support wholeheartedly and enthusiastically the effort by my colleagues to ensure that we have an increase that will do the job, that will have an effective way to curtail teen smoking.  With that, I yield back my time to the Senator from Massachusetts.  