President, today I rise to continue my discussion of the amendment I offered last evening, an amendment which would deny the tax deduction for advertising expenses for those tobacco companies which disregard and violate the FDA rule with respect to advertising to children.  This is an amendment that is being cosponsored by my colleagues: Senator Boxer, Senator Wyden, Senator Kennedy, Senator Daschle, Senator Durbin, Senator Wellstone, Senator Feinstein, Senator Bingaman, and Senator Conrad.  In addition, it has received the widespread support of the public health community. In a recent editorial in the Journal of the American Medical Association, Dr. C. Everett Koop, David Kessler, and George Lundberg wrote about the history of the tobacco industry in the United States. In their words:       For years, the tobacco industry has marketed products that      it knew caused serious disease and death. Yet, it      intentionally hid this truth from the public, carried out a      deceitful campaign designed to undermine the public's      appreciation of these risks, and marketed its addictive      products to children.  Numerous, numerous studies have implicated the tobacco industry's advertising and promotional activities asthe cause of a continued increase in youth smoking in the United States. Research on smoking demonstrates that increases in youth smoking directly coincide with effective tobacco promotional campaigns.  My amendment addresses this critical issue in this ongoing debate about how we can control teenage smoking in America. It targets the industry's ceaseless efforts to market to children. It is time for Congress to put a stop to the tobacco industry's practice of luring children into untimely disease and untimely death.  This amendment is based on a bill that I introduced earlier this year, along with Senators Boxer, Chafee, and Conrad. I would also like to recognize the leadership of many of my colleagues in prior congresses. Senator Harkin, along with former Senator Bill Bradley, has made continuous efforts to try to eliminate in total the tax deduction for tobacco advertising.  While I concur with Senator Harkin that this deduction is of questionable value, I would like to emphasize today that my amendment does not attempt to eliminate the entire deduction for tobacco manufacturers. Indeed, under my amendment, they maintain the deduction as long as they do not advertise to children. Eliminating the promotion of tobacco products to children is a necessary part of any comprehensive effort to prevent tobacco use by minors. My amendment offers a constitutionally sound way to enforce strong tobacco advertising restrictions.  Under my amendment, if tobacco manufacturers do not comply with the advertising restrictions promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration, the manufacturers' ability to deduct the cost of advertising and promotional expenses will be disallowed in that particular year. The restrictions promulgated by the FDA are appropriately tailored to prevent advertising and marketing of tobacco products to minors.  Key components of the FDA regulation include the banning of outdoor advertising within 1,000 feet of a school; black and white text-only advertisements in youth publications--and those are publications which have a readership of more than 15 percent of young people under 18--banning the sale or giveaway of branded items--caps and trinkets, and all sorts of T-shirts--and the prohibition of sponsorship of sporting or entertainment events by brand name.  The FDA has already promulgated these regulations. They are being contested as we speak in the fourth circuit.  Today, my amendment offers an additional enforcement mechanism, an enforcement mechanism that I think will put real teeth into the restrictions. We will put on notice to the companies that they themselves have to carefully watch what they spend on advertising for young people. If they fail to adhere to the FDA rules, they will pay, and they will pay immediately because they will lose their advertising deduction.  Support for this amendment is broad based in the public health community. It is supported by Dr. C. Everett Koop, former Surgeon General of the United States. It is supported by the American Lung Association, by the Center for Tobacco-Free Kids, and by the ENACT Coalition. This is a coalition comprised of leading public health groups, including the American Cancer Society, the American Heart Association, and many others.  The importance of this issue is enormous. The facts speak for themselves. Today, some 50 million Americans are addicted to tobacco. One of every three of these long-term users of tobacco will die prematurely from diseases related to their tobacco use. Tobacco is also clearly a problem that begins with children. Almost 90 percent of those people who smoke today started before they were 18 years old. The average youth smoker in the United States starts at 13 and is a regular smoker by the age of 14\1/2\.  This is the greatest pediatric health care problem in the United States today. We have not only the opportunity but the obligation to stop it. A key component in that campaign to give children a chance to avoid smoking is effectively controlling advertising aimed at children. Each year, 1 million children become regular smokers and one-third of these children will die prematurely of long cancer, emphysema, and similar tobacco-caused diseases. Unless current trends are reversed, 5 million children today under the age of 18 will die prematurely from tobacco-related diseases.  More and more, we are learning that children are being enticed into smoking because of industry advertising and promotional efforts. A recent study by John Pierce and others found evidence that the tobacco industry's advertising and promotional activities actively influenced children who have never smoked to start smoking. Among the findings, tobacco industry promotional activities in the mid-1990s will influence almost 20 percent of those who turn 17 and try smoking. At least 34 percent of youthful experimentation with cigarettes is attributed to advertising and promotional activities.  This is an industry which has a sordid record when it comes to dealing with the children of America. We have to learn from their past record to adopt appropriate means of controlling their future conduct. They have made money ruthlessly by marketing to children. They have shown no concern for the children of America. They have only shown concern for the bottom line. And they will continue to target children unless it affects their bottom line.  The culture of big tobacco is one that has yielded incredible revenue by capitalizing on the vulnerabilities of our children. The story of tobacco and their promotional activities is a story of our century and beyond. In the 1920s, the cigarette industry, knowledgeable, of course, that their products were not safe, had the temerity to enlist physicians--or people dressed up like physicians--to be models in their advertising, to suggest that smoking was not only harmless, it was in some way beneficial. Lucky Strikes advertised ``20,679 Physicians Say Luckies are Less Irritating'' and ``For Digestion's sake, smoke Camels,'' another advertising jingle of the 1920s and 1930s. In 1950, the Federal Trade Commission found that Camel advertising was deceitful, that they were suggesting that their products weren't harmful, and they, in fact, took action against them for false and deceptive advertising.  So for more than 50 years--indeed, for as long as you can recall the history of the tobacco industry--there has been a constant attempt to deceive the American public about what they are selling. That record is one that has to be countered by our legislation in this Congress.  Today, we have Winston ads that are trying to suggest that tobacco products are like health foods, proclaiming ``no additives.'' We have a new Camel campaign, ``Live Out Loud,'' which is a not-so-subtle stand in for the ``cool'' Joe Camel target of so much criticism.  We know from the documents released by the industry itself they consciously, deliberately, and consistently targeted children. In 1973, a memorandum written by a Claude Teague of RJR said, ``if our Company is to survive and prosper, over the long-term we must get our share of the youth market.'' Another memorandum from a vice president of marketing at RJR, in 1974, C.A. Tucker, concluded, ``this young adult market, the 14-24 age group * * * represent(s) tomorrow's cigarette business.'' What responsible group of people would describe 14- and 15-year-olds as ``young adults''? This is what has been going on for years now with respect to the tobacco industry and their conscious, deliberate attempts to entice children to smoke.  In 1982, the then-chairman and chief executive officer of R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Edward Horrigan, testified before the Commerce Committee and tried to dismiss suggestions that they were going after children by simply saying, ``No''--in his words --``[p]eer pressure and not our advertising provides the impetus for smoking among young people.''  Yet, just a few years later, in 1986, a R.J. Reynolds' Joe Camel advertising memo said this:       Camel advertising will be directed toward using peer      acceptance/influence to provide the motivation [to] target      smokers to select Camel. Specifically, advertising will be      developed with the objective of convincing target smokers      that by selecting Camel as their usual brand they will      project an image that will enhance their acceptance among      their peers.  What could be more cynical, what could be more hypocritical, than an industry objective trying to dismiss theiradvertising, saying it has no effect at this time--it is peer pressure--and internally, in their boardrooms, consciously plotting to use that peer pressure tied into their advertising to force children to smoke.  That is the record of this industry. That is why we are here today to enact comprehensive tobacco control legislation. I argue that without appropriate restrictions on advertising, it will not be successful.  The documents that we have seen from all of these different litigations around the country reveal, time and time again reveal they have consciously targeted the young adult smoking market. A 1987 document discussed the ``Project LF (Camel Wides), and it states: ``Project LF is a wider circumference non-menthol cigarette targeted at younger adult male smokers (primarily 13-24 year old male Marlboro smokers.)'' Executives were sitting around in the boardrooms, concocting schemes, so that 13-year-olds will begin to smoke. That is what the record of the industry is.  I am deeply skeptical that this tobacco industry is willing, even today in the glare of publicity with adverse court rulings, to change their behavior unless we act appropriately and with great vigor to ensure that they do what is right and not try to addict children in this country.  Every year the industry spends billions and billions of dollars to find new ways to hook kids into smoking. Examples of what they do are endless. We know from the research and we know from our own experience that pivotal in the decision of a young person to smoke is the advertising they are seeing constantly. Eighty-six percent of underage smokers prefer one of the three most heavily advertised brands--Marlboro, Newport and Camel. That is not a coincidence. That is the effect of a repeated, unending assault on their minds and bodies by tobacco advertising, aimed at getting them to smoke.  One of the advertising campaigns most criticized is the Joe Camel campaign by R.J. Reynolds. When they introduced this campaign, their market share among underage smokers leaped from 3 percent to 13 percent in 3 years--a huge increase. Once you have someone hooked on a brand at 13 or 14 years old, they will probably be your smokers for life, representing to them billions of dollars in profit. They did it deliberately. They did it consciously. They were prepared to accept the criticism because they knew they were hooking these kids, they were hooking them for life, and it was going right into their bottom line. And although the Congress banned television advertising in 1970, tobacco companies routinely circumvent this restriction through the sponsorship of events that give their products television exposure. You can see that their advertising expenditures have been exploding over the last several years. As this chart indicates, from 1975 until today, their advertising expenses have increased tenfold. In 1975, the industry was spending about $491 million a year on advertising.  In 1995 alone, tobacco manufacturers spent $4.9 billion on advertising and promotional expenses, and we are subsidizing these expenses through the tax deduction. In 1995, American taxpayers subsidized $1.6 billion of these expenses that are used in a concerted, conscious effort to hook our kids. We are helping to write the check for that.  (