President, I rise this morning to speak briefly on the nomination of Mr. James Hormel to be the United States Ambassador to Luxembourg.  Mr. Hormel has a distinguished record as a businessperson, as a lawyer, as a former dean of the University of Chicago Law School, and as a philanthropist. His family owns one of the largest agriculture companies in our country.  He has, throughout his distinguished career, been a contributor and supporter of many worthy organizations. His philanthropy is well known throughout the United States. He has contributed significantly to the Catholic Youth Organization, to the United Negro College Fund, Swarthmore College, Breast Cancer Action, and to many, many other associations. He has also served as the alternate representative to the United Nations General Assembly on behalf of our country, the United States of America.  Mr. Hormel's nomination was favorably reported out by the Committee on Foreign Relations and is widely supported here in the U.S. Senate.  Indeed, hundreds of distinguished Americans have favorably commented on his nomination, and they have stated that Mr. Hormel has the ability and skills to successfully represent the United States in Luxembourg.  Now, there are many who are watching this proceeding who would ask, given all these qualifications, why would Mr. Hormel be denied a vote on his nomination to be Ambassador to Luxembourg? The simple answer comes down to the fact of Mr. Hormel's sexual orientation.  There are many--the vast majority of Americans and the vast majority of Senators--who feel that this is irrelevant to the duties that he will perform as Ambassador to Luxembourg, and we should look not to his sexual orientation, but to his record of achievement and to his ability and to his responsibilities throughout his career interms of advancing not his personal agenda, but in fact serving well both the institutions he represented, such as the University of Chicago, and many, many philanthropic activities which he has been involved in.  But there are some in this Chamber who I fear would rather not have an Ambassador, but would rather have a political issue. My preference is to have an Ambassador serving the United States with distinction in Luxembourg. And I believe Mr. Hormel will do that.  Mr. President, the Providence Journal newspaper in my home State of Rhode Island put it best when they headlined the editorial by simply saying ``Vote on Hormel.''  Mr. Hormel does not want this ambassadorship as a pulpit to advance any agenda. What he wants to do is represent our country with distinction and great diligence. I believe he will do that.  In his own words, in a letter to Senator Gordon Smith, our colleague, he said:       I will not use, nor do I think it appropriate to use, the      office of ambassador to advocate any personal views I may      hold on any issue. . . . I assure you that my public      positions will be those of the U.S. Government.  I believe that however one feels about Mr. Hormel's qualifications, this institution deserves to give him a vote, to give him an opportunity to have his case decided openly here on the floor of this Chamber, allowing individual Senators to make whatever point they may choose to make about his qualifications, about his potential to serve. But to deny him his vote, I think, is to deny not only one individual but this country the opportunity to make a decision about his qualifications to serve.  I hope that we can quickly bring his nomination to the floor for a vote and then let the will of the majority prevail. I believe it is wrong and unfortunate that we retain this nomination and not allow it to come to the floor for the vote. I hope in the days ahead we will vote on Mr. Hormel and we will vote favorably.  I yield the floor.  