President, my amendment to S. 1301 is designed to encourage responsible lending by the credit card industry just as the underlying motivation of the bill is to require responsible borrowing by the general population of the United States.  Under the present legislation before us, a credit card company, or a creditor, may go into a bankruptcy court and request that the judge move a petition from chapter 7 to chapter 13 if the individual has the ability to pay at least 20 percent and is not acting in bad faith. My amendment will certainly look at the other side of the transaction and require that the creditor also act in good faith.  As I have indicated before, section 707 of this legislation will, for the first time, give the power to creditors to request that a court convert a chapter 7 petition into a chapter 13 case. This is discretionary with the judge. It is not mandatory. But implicit in that, I believe, is already the standard of good faith that the judge will require through his or her analysis of the request of the change from chapter 7 to chapter 13. But I believe it is appropriate--indeed, necessary--to have an explicit standard of good faith on behalf of the creditor, as well as on behalf of the debtor.  The bankruptcy judge, in considering this request, will first have to determine that the individual debtor has the ability to pay at least 20 percent of the claims against the debt, and, in addition, the judge will have to consider whether the debtor filed for chapter 7 in bad faith.  Once again, my amendment would propose a complementary analysis of the creditor, whether that creditor has been offering credit in good faith.  This is not only fair but is something that is necessary to maintain the balance and the appropriateness of this change to a longstanding rule in bankruptcy court which allowed the debtor to go in and file in chapter 7.  Now, we understand the differences between these two provisions of the bankruptcy code. Chapter 7 allows the debtor to discharge all of their debts. Chapter 13 requires them to repay a portion of the debts based upon their ability to repay.  The proponents of this legislation have suggested that by using this means test, by saying that if a debtor can pay at least 20 percent and requiring them, or at least giving the judge the option to put them into a provision of chapter 13 where they must repay a portion, this procedure will reduce the abuse of the bankruptcy system, the abuse that is cited in terms of people coming in with that but still declaring under chapter 7 they cannot pay and having all of their debts discharged.  We know that part of the impetus behind this legislation is the increase in bankruptcy filings throughout the United States. The proponents of this legislation have pointed out that in 1997 alone there were a record 1.3 million bankruptcy filings, and over the past 10 years the bankruptcy filings have increased year after year after year. Unfortunately, these assertions are correct.  In my State of Rhode Island, there has been a 500-percent increase in bankruptcy filings between 1984 and 1996. And so I think everyone is concerned and, indeed, everyone is interested in working out an arrangement which will prevent the abuse of the bankruptcy system, and that is a part of the underlying legislation.  Just focusing alone, however, on the increase in bankruptcy filings misses the full story because it is just one side of the story. On the other side, there has been an explosion in the extension of credit by the credit industry of the United States. Many times their standards for underwriting have diminished substantially. Many times they are issuing credit--in fact, fostering credit upon people at exorbitant interest rates. This, too, must be factored into our analysis of the bankruptcy problem in the United States today. Between 1986 and 1996, total bankruptcy filings did increase by 122 percent, but outstanding revolving consumer credit increased by almost twice as much--238 percent.  So when you look at both sides of the story, the analysis would lead me to believe, very strongly, that this is not solely the problem of individual debtors gaming the system and taking advantage of this system. This is also the problem of the credit card industry, and the credit industry in general, that is fostering and pushing credit on some people who they know are incapable of keeping up with their debts. And so when we look at these changes, we have to look at both sides of the question.  Now, this whole trend in the explosion of credit is reflected graphically in the analysis of household debt and income data. Back in 1974, total household debt was 24 percent of aggregate household income. Today, that same ratio is 104 percent. That is graphic evidence of not only the increased access to credit but the unusually robust and forceful presentation of credit and availability of credit throughout the United States.  We all know this in daily life. You just have to go to your mailbox every day and get a credit card solicitation. You just have to sit in your home from early morning to late at night 7 days a week and answer the telephone and hear a solicitation from a credit card company saying they want to give you credit. It is annoying, it is constant, and it reflects this incredible urge on the part of the industry to push credit as much as they can.  Last year, for example, the credit card companies sent out over 2 billion credit card solicitations. By my calculation, that is roughly 10 for every American man, woman and child. A recent Wall Street Journal article about a California family demonstrated just the ubiquitous and constant effort to get people to sign up for these credit cards. In 1997 alone, this one family was offered almost $5 million in credit through mail solicitations. The wife, who was not working and without independent income, was offered more than $2.5 million in credit. Her husband, who was president of a nonprofit organization, earning a good salary, on the other hand, was offered only $592,000 in credit, suggesting that the industry is not so much interested in how much you make but really how much you potentially might spend. In that regard, the daughter in the household was offered another $1.4 million in credit--in 1 year.  What does this say? This says that the industry is not looking carefully atwhere it is sending its solicitations. It is not looking at those people who can pay, and, in fact, in many cases it is burdening people already in debt with further debt, and now what they would like to do, when these individuals come before the bankruptcy court, is they would like to say, well, listen, you people who can't discharge your debts fully, you have to pay up. I think, again, that the appropriate balance, if we are to pursue this ability to move from chapter 13 to chapter 7, is to at least look at the good faith of the credit card industry.  In view of these facts, Mr. President, it becomes clear that the increase in bankruptcy filings is not simply a result of more borrowers borrowing more money. It is also a factor of these credit card companies soliciting poorer and poorer credit risks, and doing it quite deliberately, quite knowingly.  Data from the National Bankruptcy Review Commission supports this assertion. Indeed, this data suggests that the proportional incidence of bankruptcy filings has actually decreased slightly in the last 20 years. We have seen the numbers go up, up, up. But if you look at the ratio, if you look at the proportional incidence, given the outstanding credit, there has been a slight decrease. In 1977, there were 0.74 bankruptcies for every million dollars of consumer credit. In 1997, there are 0.73 bankruptcies for every million dollars in consumer credit.  So when you, again, look at the situation, it is not simply a group of Americans who have suddenly decided that they no longer want to honor their obligations, that they want to abandon the tradition of responsible credit behavior that their fathers and mothers had; these statistics suggest that not much has changed except in the absolute numbers, and that has been driven by this constant extension of credit by the companies, in many cases to people who they know are very unlikely to be able to keep up with the debts at the time.  The approach in the underlying bill overlooks, I think, this other side of the equation. They focus solely on the borrower. They take the ``blame the debtor'' approach. I do not think that is entirely correct. My amendment seeks to address that approach by striking a balance, by allowing--in fact requiring--the judge to look at the good faith of the individual company that is extending this credit. Most, indeed, the vast majority, of reputable creditors day in and day out take pains to ensure that they are doing the proper underwriting, that they are targeting people who have the ability to pay and they are not abusing their ability to market their products. But there are those operators who are not so scrupulous. These unscrupulous operators should not easily have the ability to force an individual from one chapter in the bankruptcy code to another.  At the heart of what my amendment is suggesting is that we explicitly do what I believe is implicit within the existing legislation--that the judge makes a finding that the creditor, in fact, operated in good faith. Under the present language, he or she is required to make a judgment that the debtor has not acted in bad faith in their application for chapter 7. I think that the same approach, complimentary approach should be applied to creditors.  My amendment adds this good-faith standard, and it is not the only place you will find a good-faith standard or its related bad-faith standard within this legislation and within the bankruptcy code. For example, section 202 of the bill protects the debtor's ability to discharge certain debts if in the language of the bill ``the debtor makes a good-faith effort to negotiate a reasonable alternative repayment schedule.''  The point is clear that throughout this legislation we have imposed good-faith standards at various junctures to give the bankruptcy judge guidance in assessing various petitions for various claims, so that this amendment is consistent with that good-faith theme throughout the legislation.  My legislation does not prescribe specific factors to be considered on the good-faith standard. Instead, it gives the bankruptcy judge the discretion to make that judgment. Again, that is consistent with this legislation and also with the general practice in the bankruptcy code. Judges, bankruptcy judges particularly, are quite familiar with making these analyses of good-faith judgment, either on the part of the creditor or the part of the debtor. In fact, if you look through the bankruptcy code, there are about 79 annotations related to the court's interpretation of ``good faith.'' So it is a constant of the bankruptcy law and it is something that is not a novel injection into this particular legislation. I think, in fact I am convinced, that the judges can handle this analysis of ``good faith'' very clearly and very well.  But one might ask, what are we talking about in terms of good faith? For example, if a judge had found that there was intimidation in the extension of credit, that is certainly not good faith, and I do not think any creditor should be able to claim this privilege under the bankruptcy code if it can be shown they intimidated the creditor. If they are taking advantage of creditors, if their marketing pattern is to market to vulnerable people in our population--seniors or low-income Americans who may not have the ability to get good counseling on their debts--all these things together which suggest bad faith, or the lack of good faith, if they are consistent, demonstrable, then that judge should not allow the ability for that claimant to demand that debtor be moved from one section of the bankruptcy code to another.  All of these things together, I think, suggest very strongly that we have to look out for the exception, in terms of the creditor population, those unscrupulous creditors. There are examples already in the legislation where we have taken steps to guard against unscrupulous operations in the extension of credit. For example, the committee report comments that in section 202 they use ``substantially justified'' language to describe or to allow the award of attorney's fees in terms of allegations that a debt was obtained fraudulently. That is an attempt, as the committee report says, because they are ``concerned that some unscrupulous creditors have alleged false misrepresentations with no proof of doing so.'' Indeed, there are protections already in the bill. I think, in this particular section, 707(b), there should be further protection for the good faith standard that would protect that.  I have mentioned also that there is a concern to have some sense of what might be operating out there presently that would fall under this ambit of bad faith, or lack of good faith. There is a practice that is evolving in the industry of offering, particularly to low-income populations, these loan checks, where essentially they will send a check unsolicited to the home and all you have to do is sign it to get the money. But once you do that, you now have a debt with a substantial interest rate in many cases. That is the type of behavior I think a judge reasonably can look at and say, ``Is this good faith?''  For all these reasons and many, many more, the standard of good faith should be obvious to the bankruptcy judge. And I believe the way we have designed this overall legislation and this particular amendment is that we give that individual not only the incentive but also the mission to look closely at the company applying for this transfer of the debtor from one chapter to another.  I am pleased to say that this particular amendment has been endorsed by the Consumer Federation of America and that it represents an attempt to balance the standard within this particular legislation. I hope all my colleagues will support this amendment. It seems to me to do several things that are essential.  First of all, it recognizes that the problem we face is not solely, exclusively as a result of the behavior of debtors; that, in fact, it is the result of the behavior of lenders who are lending more and who are doing it without the kind of tight underwriting standards that are necessary. In that context, to give them the opportunity to move a debtor from a chapter 7 to a chapter 13 without looking at their behavior, I think, is inappropriate. It is particularly inappropriate when the judge must consider the behavior of the debtor in filing a chapter 7 petition.  This amendment, I believe, is a very important one. It will restore the balance in this particular section, section 707 of the underlying legislation, and it will, I think, provide not only a way to safeguard against abuse of the bankruptcy system by debtors, but alsostrike a balance so creditors understand they have the responsibility to act responsibly also.  I urge support of this amendment.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  