In 1995, the amount of our subsidy, the $1.6 billion, paid for all of their efforts to send coupons, to have multipack promotions, to have retail value-added items such as key chains, hats, T-shirts--all the things the kids really like to wear. I don't see many adults running around with them, but I see lots of kids with Joe Camel T-shirts, and key chains, and all the cool things they get. In effect, we paid for that through this subsidy.  You can see the record on this chart of their expenditures and our support of those expenditures through this deduction. As I said, they are spending a huge amount of money trying to get kids to smoke. In ironic contrast, we spend a pittance trying to help people who are afflicted with the diseases caused by smoking. In 1995, that $4.9 billion was double the amount of money we spent for the National Cancer Institute. It was four times the amount of money we spent for the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute. It represents 40 times what was spent at the National Institutes of Health on lung cancer research.  Those are the proportions. That is the huge amount of advertising expenditures that are being bombarded on the American public, but particularly on the children of this country. We know the cost to our society is significant: $100 billion a year in health costs and lost productivity is estimated. In 1993, health care expenditures directly caused by smoking totaled about $50 billion; 43 percent of those costs were paid for by Medicare and Medicaid.  We are paying both ways. We are helping them sell their products, and then we are taking care of the people who are ill because of their products. We have to do much more. We have to go ahead and ensure that the advertising ban that has been enacted by the Food and Drug Administration is supported with real force and real effect. That is the purpose of my amendment.  Of course, any time you talk about a situation where you are attempting to affect the commercial speech of anyone in this country, you have to reckon with the first amendment to the Constitution, and I do recognize that.  Let me again remind you that the story of the tobacco industry in America is a story inextricably linked to advertising. For decades, the tobacco industry ingeniously promoted its products and has done so with total disregard for the health of its customers. The industry relied upon image rather than information to sell its product. The tobacco industry has taken an addiction that prematurely kills and dressed it up as a glamorous symbol of success in all manner of endeavor. All of this is unsettling, but with the revelation that the industry has deliberately and ruthlessly targeted children, it becomes unconscionable, and we should not and need not accept it.  Now, as I said, we do and must and should recognize that any time you attempt to suggest restraints on commercial speech, you have to reckon with the first amendment. But the amendment I am proposing today combines the narrowly drafted and focused restraints of the FDA rule to prevent marketing to children with the recognized and broad-based authority of Congress over the Tax Code to create a provision that conforms to the first amendment.  First, let's be clear that the Constitution affords a much lesser degree of protection to commercial speech than to other constitutionally guaranteed expression. In 1975, the leading Supreme Court case on the subject of commercial speech essentially said that the Constitution imposed no restraint on Government with regard to ``purely commercial speech.'' Today, commercial speech may be banned in advertising an illegal product or service, and, unlike fully protected speech, pure speech, it may be banned if it is unfair or deceptive. Even when it advertises a legal product and is not unfair or deceptive, the Government may regulate commercial speech more than fully protected speech.  The record of the tobacco industry clearly demonstrates that this industry, over decades, has deliberately carried out a scheme to violate the laws of every State in the Union. All 50 States bar the sale of tobacco products to minors. But as I have shown in these documents, those laws were carelessly and callously disregarded by the industry in their attempt to, as they say, ``get the young adult market''--13-, 14-, 15-, 16-, and 17-year-olds.  Since this advertising campaign consciously sought to illegally market their products to children, there should be no protection. The first amendment does not give them the right to engage in illegal marketing schemes. Thus, the most basic reason that this amendment will pass constitutional muster is the fact that it is designed to prevent tobacco companies from promoting illegal transactions.  Even if one were to invoke the constitutional test applied to the legal sale of commercial products, this would still pass muster. In the Central Hudson case, the Supreme Court established the standards for evaluating a purported restraint on commercial speech. As a preliminary point, the Court drew a distinction between legalactivities and unlawful activities or misleading speech.  As I have already indicated, if the commercial speech in question involves unlawful activities or it is misleading, then the Government may restrict it. Or, as the Supreme Court indicated in Central Hudson, there can be no constitutional objection to the suppression of commercial messages that do not accurately inform the public about lawful activity.  Now, assuming for the sake of argument, despite the rapidly accumulating evidence to the contrary, that tobacco advertising would be treated as routine commercial speech and the Court would ignore the inherent illegality of their plans to market to children, the proposed restriction still meets the standards of Central Hudson. First, there is a substantial governmental interest in restricting advertising aimed at minors. Second, the proposed restraints directly advance this governmental interest. Finally, the proposed legislation is no more extensive than necessary to serve this substantial governmental interest.  Now, what could be of greater interest to the American people than the prevention of 3,000 children a day from becoming addicted to cigarettes? I daresay that every Member of this Senate would concur that this is not only a valid governmental interest, it is a compelling one--1 million children a year become addicted to cigarettes, and one-third of these children will die prematurely as a result. The FDA has concluded in extensive rule-making that limits on advertising will avert the addiction of anywhere between 25 percent and 50 percent of these children at risk. Literally, we have it within our power to save 250,000 children a year from the ravages of smoking. Prevention of childhood smoking is clearly and unequivocally a substantial governmental interest.  The second prong of the Central Hudson test requires a showing that the proposed restraints directly advance this substantial public interest. Perhaps the most compelling evidence to establish this point is the behavior of the tobacco industry itself. They certainly feel that advertising and marketing is an important part of their strategy to addict children. The industry, overall, spends $5 billion a year on advertising; that is $13 million a day.  We know from the internal documents I have shared with you that much of this effort is directed at ensnaring children. I can remind you of the numerous documents I have cited. They indicate a deliberate and calculated attempt to addict children. Unless we restrain advertising directed at children, we will never effectively prevent the use of tobacco products by children.  All of this evidence is substantiated by the research underlying the FDA rule. In its rule-making, FDA relied on two major studies summarizing the effects of advertising on youthful tobacco use--the study of the Institute of Medicine in 1994 and the Surgeon General's Report in 1994 concluded that advertising was an important factor in young people's tobacco use. Moreover, these reports indicated that advertising restrictions must be part of any meaningful approach to reduce underage smoking. In promulgating its rule, the FDA declared:       Collectively, the studies show that children and      adolescents are widely exposed to, aware of, respond      favorably to, and are influenced by cigarette advertising.      One study found that 30 percent of 3-year-olds and 91 percent      of 6-year-olds identified Joe Camel as a symbol of smoking.      Other studies have shown that young people's exposure to      cigarette advertising is positively related to smoking      behavior and their intention to smoke.  All of this shows that the FDA rules and my amendment are directly related to achieving the substantial government interest.  And the final issue that has to be addressed with respect to the Central Hudson test is to ensure that the proposed restrictions are no more extensive than necessary to accomplish the governmental objective. In the realm of commercial speech, the court requires there be a ``reasonable'' correlation between the proposed restraint and the policy outcome sought.  Now, it is important to note that the proposed restrictions under the FDA rule do not absolutely prohibit the advertising of tobacco products. They have been carefully tailored to allow continued promotion of cigarettes to adults. Their objective is to prevent marketing to children. The FDA regulations retain the informational value that such advertising has for adults, but affects in a positive way access to these images by children.  It is also important to note that we have, over several decades, tried other means short of advertising restrictions to stem the epidemic of underage smoking. Warning labels have not worked. They are ignored by children in the clutter of the ``live out loud,'' rock-and-roll imagery, or the Joe Camel character, all of those things.  In fact, ironically, the only one the warning labels seem to have helped at least for a while is the industry itself, because they use them in their defense to say that smokers assumed the risk when they picked up a pack of cigarettes because of that label. We tried to ban advertising on television. That has not worked either.  As Chairman Robert Pitofsky of the Federal Trade Commission pointed out in his testimony before the Senate Commerce Committee:       After cigarette manufacturers were prohibited from      advertising on television and radio in 1969 (a prohibition      that was intended, in part, to protect children), they put      tens of millions of dollars in print advertising to sell      their products. In more recent years, the cigarette      manufacturers have shifted an increasing amount of money away      from traditional advertising and into sponsorships and so-     called ``trinkets and trash''--T-shirts, caps, and other      logo-adorned merchandise--that some believe are very      attractive to young people.  We simply cannot rely on the good faith of this industry to do what is right. Today, as we debate this legislation, they continue to target children. Just a few weeks ago I received a letter from a constituent in Rhode Island. He wrote me and said:       As you consider legislation regarding tobacco company      advertising aimed at children, I thought you might like to      see a mailing piece that my oldest son, Mark, a junior in      high school, recently received. Brown & Williamson Tobacco      Company evidently got his name because he attended a concert      last summer in which the group featured in the advertisement      performed. I suspect that the great majority of the audience      was under 18 years of age.  And this is the flier that a high school junior, a 16-year-old child received in Providence, RI.  Here it is: This is the first piece, and this is a very sophisticated piece of direct mail. This was individually addressed to the child, not to occupant, not to parent. This was individually addressed to him. It is his own mail. And we all know, when you are a youngster and you get your own mail, that is a big deal to think that you are so special that a big company like Brown & Williamson would write to you directly.  Here is what it said: ``We Know You Like It Loud,'' the rock concert motive which they might well have sponsored. Again, as Pitofsky pointed out, they have shifted a huge amount of money away from the traditional advertising to go into rock concerts and trinkets and direct mail, and everything else.  And this is the bulk of the advertising: ``You like it loud, and very, very smooth, Kool Milds, Kool Filters. Kick back today and enjoy bold taste, refreshing menthol.''  And a coupon: ``Relax with Kool and slip into something smooth.''  ``Slip into something smooth,'' a lifetime addiction to tobacco. That is what they want. It is happening today, directly targeted at children. That is what we are about in the Chamber. It is not about taxes. It is not about lawyer's fees. It is about an industry that continues to go after our kids without any letup, ruthlessly, relentlessly, and they are doing it today, and they will continue to do it today unless we make them understand. And the only way we do it is through the bottom line, that they can't keep doing this again and again.  We have been debating on this floor the last few weeks whether we are going to increase the price of cigarettes $1.10 or $1.50. What do they do in their promotions? They are cutting a buck. Here is one dollar off the two-pack package. Any style of Kool you want, young man. You are 16. You should be smoking. We will give you a break.  That is what this is about. We want to raise the price per pack because we don't want kids to go out there and smoke cigarettes. They want to cutcigarette prices to addict children. It is happening today, shamelessly happening today. We can stop it. We must stop it. We have to go ahead and ensure that this type of activity doesn't take place.  Now, this whole promotion--and I am not the expert on this. This is the whole rock-and-roll series of concerts that are directed at kids. Sure, there might be some college kids there, but this is what is hot in high school. They want to be grown up. They want to go to the rock concert. They are sponsoring the concerts. They are tracking the kids down afterwards. They are sending them promotional materials. They are giving them coupons. Absolutely shameless. We shouldn't accept it. We can't accept it.  Now, the proposed FDA regulations have been carefully tailored to prevent this type of activity, to allow them to market to adults, to make conscience choices, that we can't stop, that we don't want to stop. But we have to, I think, ensure that they are not allowed to continue this type of behavior. My amendment will do that.  Now, moving away from the issue of the constitutionality, and very quickly, with respect to the tax law consequences, the Supreme Court has held that Congress is not required to subsidize first amendment rights through a tax deduction, but a first amendment question would arise if Congress were to invidiously discriminate in its subsidies in order to suppress ``dangerous ideas.''  Now, the appropriateness of this denial of a deduction which touches upon first amendment issues rests fundamentally on the underlying propriety of the proposed restraint. And as I indicated, the proposed FDA regulations do not ``invidiously discriminate.'' They have been narrowly drafted to conform to the ``commercial speech'' doctrine of Central Hudson. They will, in fact, stand the test of a court.  And in addition, denying of a deduction as I propose would not ban any speech. The standing bill itself, my amendment, would not require the companies to say anything or refrain from saying anything. But if they violate these rules, they will have to do it on ``their own nickel.'' It won't be subsidized to the tune of $1.6 billion a year by the taxpayers of the United States.  Let me mention something else which I think is appropriate in this context. It is that we have to be realistic and understand that this industry has avoided any type of real regulation for as long as we all can remember. There are laws on the books of the FTC for misleading in advertising. And what happens, the FTC brings a case, it takes 2 years to go through the administrative appeals, they might get an adverse decision. They will appeal it to the courts, and by that time the advertising campaign is gone anyway. They are not going to run a campaign for 100 years. It is the game they are playing. This approach, my approach will make them each year look at what they have done because they have to file their taxes. It will put their auditors and their accountants and their tax attorneys on notice that they can't claim these deductions if they are violating these rules. No messy FDA bureaucracy. No FDA agents running around scouring the countryside measuring the distance between schools and billboards. They are going to have to do it. They should do it. This enforcement mechanism, I think, is another positive aspect of this legislation.  Now, in another context this Senate has voted to deny tax benefits for those groups that engage in speech activities. The most prominent one is the fact that we have denied tax-exempt status to nonprofit groups if they engage in lobbying activities. Lobbying activities--political speech has the strictest scrutiny of the Supreme Court. It is pure speech, not commercial speech, yet we in our wisdom have said: Listen, if you are going to use your tax advantage to go ahead and engage in lobbying, you lose that tax advantage. If we do that to not-for-profit groups, where we do that to groups that are trying to affect positively the health of youth in this country, why should we be reluctant to go ahead and deny this group tax deductions if they are engaged in this type of shameless behavior? I think we should move aggressively to do that.  Let me emphasize my proposal is very narrowly tasked. It is targeted very closely along the lines of the FDA regulations to prevent access of children to this type of tobacco advertising.  Let me make another point about the context of the legislation and how it fits within the particular McCain bill. I commend the Senator from Arizona for his effort toward the goal of this legislation. Indeed, his perseverance, his strength, his endurance has carried us this far along, along with many other colleagues. But this legislation is designed to prevent children from smoking. It is not about taxes. It is not about big government. It is about making the companies stop soliciting kids to smoke.  There are two ways in which the bill does it. First, it reaffirms the full authority of the FDA to promulgate these rules. In effect, it supports the FDA's advertising bans that are being tested now by the industry. A second part is a protocol, a contractual relationship between the industry and the government, which actually imposes further restrictions on what they can do. My amendment affects only the first part of the McCain legislation. It would deny tax deductibility if the industry violated the FDA rule. Again, it is narrowly tailored, it is consistent with the Constitution, and it is something that will effectively stop the industry from doing what they are doing.  We have witnessed, for years and years and years, the industry's unrelenting attempts to addict children to nicotine. They are doing it today. They are doing it through rock concerts, through promotional giveaways, through T-shirts, through every other method of advertising. We know that. We can stop this assault on America's children. We can stop it by supporting the FDA rules and we can stop it, I think, much more decisively and definitively by adopting the amendment I propose, by telling the tobacco companies very straightforwardly: If you choose to advertise to children, you will lose your tax deduction. You will feel it in the bottom line. You will have to pay, as these kids and our society pay for their addiction.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  