President, I rise in strong opposition to the Shelby amendment to create a small bank exception to the Community Reinvestment Act.  Mr. President, the Community Reinvestment Act requires financial institutions to meet the credit needs of local communities--including low and moderate income areas--consistent with safe and sound lending practices.  Unfortunately, many proponents of the Shelby amendment have argued that this obligation is tantamount to government mandated credit allocation. Nothing could be further from the truth. Neither the Act nor the regulations specify the number of loans, the type of loans, or the parties to CRA loans. To the contrary, CRA relies on market forces and private sector ingenuity to promote community development lending. This is evidenced by the tremendous flexibility that financial institutions have in satisfying CRA. For example, loans to nonprofits serving primarily low- and moderate-income housing needs; loans to financial intermediaries such as Community Development Financial Institutions; and loans to local, state, and tribal governments may qualify for CRA coverage. Moreover, loans to finance environmental clean-up or redevelop industrial sites in low- and moderate-income areas also qualify as CRA loans.  In addition to lending, CRA is satisfied through investments by financial institutions in organizations engaged in affordable housing rehabilitation, and facilities that promote community development such as child care centers, homeless centers, and soup kitchens. These all qualify for CRA coverage.  Even Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has weighed in on this issue, arguing:       The essential purpose of the CRA is to try to encourage      institutions who are not involved in areas where their own      self-interest in involved, in doing so. If you are indicating      to an institution that there is a foregone business      opportunity in an area X or loan product Y, that is not      credit allocation. That, indeed, is enhancing the market.  As illustrated by these examples and Chairman Greenspan's comments, it is clear that CRA is a far cry from government mandated credit allocation. To be sure, CRA is predicated on two simple assumptions that should be shared by my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: (1) that a public charter for a bank or savings institution conveys numerous benefits, including deposit insurance, and it is fair for the public to ask something in return, and (2) government cannot and should not provide more than a limited part of the capital required for local housing and economic development needs; financial institutions in our free economic system must play the leading role.  In the words of former Comptroller of the Currency Eugene Ludwig, ``CRA isin many respects a model statute. It requires no public subsidy, no private subsidy, and no massive Washington bureaucracy.''  These simple concepts, which are the embodiment of CRA, are perhaps most responsible for the significant democratization of credit that we have seen over the last 20 years. Since its enactment in 1977, CRA has resulted in more than $397 billion in loan commitments for low- and moderate-income borrowers. In my state of Rhode Island, it has been estimated that CRA has resulted in over $61 million in commitments for community development lending since 1977.  Mr. President, I fear that the Shelby amendment will significantly undermine these advances. This amendment will exempt 86 percent of all banks from CRA, thereby doing irreparable harm to our communities that are in dire need of investment and opportunity. The adverse impact on community lending will be particularly severe in states such as Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, and Oklahoma, where 95 percent of all banks are small and would be exempt from CRA. If communities in these states are not able to turn to their financial institutions for rural and community development lending, to whom will they turn?  Mr. President, this amendment is unnecessary. In response to concerns about regulatory burdens voiced by small banks, CRA was revised in 1995 to provide regulatory relief. The new regulations provide a streamlined examination process for independent banks and thrifts with assets under $250 million. In addition, under the new regulations, the smallest banks have been exempted from all reporting requirements, and are no longer subject to process-based documentation requirements. Moreover, the actual time spent in the smallest banks on CRA examinations has dropped by 30 percent.  Following promulgation of the revised CRA regulations, many small bankers were effusive in their praise of the reforms. For example, Richard Mount of the Independent Bankers Association of America, which represents small banks, indicated,       We commend the regulators for instituting a meaningful,      streamlined, tiered examination system that recognizes the      differences between community banks and their large regional      and multinational brethren. The new rules should eliminate      the paperwork nightmare of CRA for community banks and allow      them to concentrate on what they do best--reinvest in their      communities.  Finally, Mr. President, this amendment will significantly weaken one of our most important tools in preventing lending discrimination. Perhaps because of its success, many have forgotten the embarrassing state of lending in many urban communities prior to CRA's enactment. In a Senate Banking Committee hearing in 1977, a study of six banks was presented which showed that these banks, which held $144 million in deposits from low-income and minority communities, returned an embarrassing one-half cent on the dollar in home loans. Throughout hearings on CRA, witnesses from around the country recounted similar stories of lending discrimination.  While certainly we have come a long way since 1977, lending discrimination, unfortunately, persists. In a study published earlier this year by the Fair Housing Council of Greater Washington, it was revealed that Washington area lenders discriminate against two out of five African American and Hispanic mortgage applicants. In one incident cited in the study, a Rockville lender advised a black tester that the lender did not make loans to first-time home buyers. The same lender later met with a white tester, also posing as a first-time home buyer, giving the tester an appointment and encouraging him to apply for a mortgage loan. Lending studies by other organizations reveal similar findings. These studies have shown that minority borrowers receive fewer bank loans even when their financial status is the same as or better than white borrowers.  By encouraging lenders to extend credit to all communities, CRA has been an important weapon in fighting lending discrimination. Because the Shelby amendment would exempt 86 percent of all banks from its coverage, lenders could find it easier to discriminate in the provision of credit.  Mr. President, I do not think we want to return to the dark days before CRA, where access to credit and investment in our urban and rural communities was limited for all the wrong reasons. Instead, with the movement of assets out of the banking system and with increasing industry consolidation, we should be seeking ways to expand community investment, not limit it. For this reason, I will strongly oppose the Shelby amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to do likewise.  