President, I rise in strong support of Senator Kennedy's and Senator Wellstone's proposal to raise the minimum wage. There, in my view, is a very compelling reason why we must do this and we must do it today. That reason, simply stated, is that if you are a full-time worker, a head of household, a single head of household and a family of three, you will make $10,700 a year. That is $2,900 below the poverty level. Today, the minimum wage law in the United States guarantees to so many people only one thing: that they will still be in poverty. We can do much better than that, and we should do much better than that.  There have been discussions about the employment effects of raising the minimum wage. Studies have been presented; statistics have been presented. Let's look clearly at what has happened in the last two episodes in which we raised the minimum wage.  Back in October of 1996, the minimum wage was increased to $4.75. And what happened to unemployment? It fell; it was in a cyclical pattern, but it fell. Again, in September of 1997, we raised the minimum wage to $5.15, and once again unemployment fell.  This legislation is not a job killer. This legislation does not deny opportunities to work for anyone. What it does is it gives people more money in their paycheck, gives them more opportunities to provide for their families, gives them a bigger share in this country's economy. That is why we need to do it.  There are others who argue, ``Well, those are just general statistics.'' The real problem with the minimum wage increase is it affects some discrete subgroups like teenagers. If you look at the record of teen unemployment, age 16 to 19, once again the same pattern emerges. The minimum wage was raised in October of 1996--it is a cyclical process--and unemployment declined. Again, in September of 1997, with some cyclical variation, a declining curve, unemployment in this category also falls. So the arguments against the minimum wage because it kills employment just do not hold water based upon the most recent experiences.  Then there is the argument that small businesses will invariably and automatically react to an increase by cutting back on their employment. There has been a recent study by two researchers from the Jerome Levy Economic Institute at Bard College. And 90 percent of the small businesses they surveyed indicated that the 1996 minimum wage increase did not change their hiring decisions. Their hiring decisions were based upon the demands in their marketplace for their products, driven by a very strong economy. Moreover, 75 percent of these individuals surveyed said that a further increase to $6 would also not influence their decisions about hiring.  So small business is not reacting to this proposed minimum wage increase by saying, ``We are going to cut off employment.'' What this does is give hard-working Americans a chance to put more money in their paycheck to provide more opportunities for their families.  We have also heard arguments on the floor today that, ``Well, the minimum wage is benefiting not just the poorest people, just teenagers who work, but maybe spouses who work and their husbands or wives are employed in more lucrative jobs.''  First of all, the reality of the minimum wage is that 74 percent of the wage earners are over 20, so the vast majority are not teenagers. And 40 percent are the family's sole breadwinner. They have people who depend upon them, depend upon them bringing in a living wage. And 63 percent are women; and 50 percent of the minimum wage earners are in the lowest 40 percent of earners in the United States. This does, in fact, provide a very positive impact on the opportunities for low-income Americans.  There is another argument here, too, that I think we have to present. Last Congress, many of us joined together to pass significant welfare reform, in fact, directing people off welfare into the workforce; and it is an irony, at best, moving people from welfare into poverty-level wages--indeed, below poverty-level wages. To make this experiment in welfare reform truly workable, we have to ensure that when people leave welfare they get adequate pay. And the minimum wage increase will help do that.  Also, it seems to me illogical that in every other sphere of economic endeavor raising someone's pay is seen as a good thing, not a bad thing, that most of our activities in the workplace are designed to get increases in pay. In fact, very few people would think, ``I'm not going to ask for an increase in pay. It might curtail my opportunities to work.'' Because the reality, as demonstrated by my colleague, just to survive, to put food on the table, clothe children, to provide minimal care to their families, requires an increase in the minimum wage.  I think there is another argument that has to be stressed. We are coming into some rocky economic times in the United States because of the turmoil throughout the world. Demand for American goods overseas is faltering. How do we keep our economy going? One way to do that is to give the American people more purchasing power. Increasing the minimum wage does that for the very lowest income Americans, those people who go into the Kmarts, go into the Wal-Marts, to buy products. In fact, they are typically the types of individual households that, because of the demands on them, are constantly buying products for their children, buying goods and services. This will also help, I think, in a broader economic sense.  So for all these reasons--basic justice and fairness, to keep our economy moving, to recognize that there are so many good reasons to do this--it does not affect employment dramatically but what it does affect is the ability of working families, people who work very hard to provide for their families and maybe provide a little extra. That, to me, is why we are all here.  I strongly support the efforts of Senator Kennedy, the efforts of Senator Wellstone, and their strong commitment to ensure that the benefits of this economy are shared not by just those who are affluent but are shared by the broadest segments of American society, particularly by those who struggle each and every day under circumstances, frankly, that few of us have had to endure, to be good citizens, to work hard, and to get something a little bit more for their families.  I hope, in that spirit, and recognition of those facts, that we strongly support this amendment.  I yield back my time.  