President, I rise today to join my colleague, Senator Conrad from North Dakota, in supporting and introducing the HEALTHY Kids Act and thank him for his kind words. I must say, if there is anyone who has been a true leader and true hero in this struggle to date, it has been Kent Conrad, whose leadership helped pull together not only an impressive array of cosponsors but, with over hundreds of witnesses and many, many sessions, he was able to get to the substance of a very complicated and difficult issue: How are we going to respond to the crisis of teenage smoking in the United States? How are we going to protect the public health of America, particularly America's children?  Today we are introducing the HEALTHY Kids Act, which will, I believe, do that. Again, I commend Senator Conrad for his great leadership and effort, and I look forward to working with him and all my colleagues to develop legislation that will once and for all prevent the illegal sale of cigarettes to children in this country.  We are all aware of the depressing statistics with respect to smoking and children in the United States. Today, some 50 million Americans are addicted to tobacco smoke. Every year, 1 million children become regular users of cigarettes, tobacco. One-third of them will die prematurely of lung cancer, emphysema, or other horrible smoking related illnesses.  This is an addiction. Fully three-quarters of smokers want to quit but they cannot because they are addicted. The most disturbing aspect of this addiction is it begins with young people. Mr. President, 90 percent of adult smokers today began to smoke while they were 18 years old or less. In fact, this goes down to children who are 10, 11, 12 years old. It is a shocking, disturbing, and all-too-real aspect of American life and culture. We have an opportunity, indeed an obligation, to do something about it. That is why I am here, along with Senator Conrad, to join in the introduction of this HEALTHY Kids Act.  In my home State of Rhode Island, we have a situation in which adult smoking is beginning to stabilize. Unfortunately, teen smoking continues to rise, with a more than 25 percent increase among high school students. That is a bad omen for the future, a bad omen for the country. It is too easy for children to buy cigarettes. It is too easy, in a climate in which the tobacco industry spends upward of $5 billion a year making cigarette smoking appear to be alluring, sophisticated, adult-oriented--all those things which are attractive to children.  We know from the record that has emerged over the last several months in court proceedings that this is not a coincidence, we know that children have been deliberately targeted by cigarette companies. They are the replacement customers for the 400,000 Americans who die each year of smoking-related diseases. We have to stop that insidious replacement, that insidious attack on the youth of America.  We begin this legislative process in a situation in which the tobacco industry has worked hard to earn the distrust--let me say it again--the distrust of the American people. Over the years they have not been candid. They have deliberately confused, fought against, and frustrated attempts to regulate their product in the marketplace.  I recently came across an interesting story about youthful smoking among boys. One of the research scientists said, ``The cigarette smoker is slowly and surely poisoning himself and is largely unconscious of it.'' That report was in Education Magazine in 1909. The tobacco industry has long known that cigarette smoking is harmful to children, and harmful to public health.  In 1963, Battelle Laboratories in Switzerland did a series of studies for the British American Tobacco Company, that's the parent of Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company. The conclusion, after review of these studies by the general counsel of Brown & Williamson, was shown as follows: ``We are then in the business of selling nicotine, an addictive drug, effective in the release of stress mechanisms.'' Since 1960, the industry has known they were selling an addictive product, and has known they were selling a product that killed people.  It has all, though, been obscured and dressed up by advertising that would suggest to everyone that smoking is not harmful; indeed, claiming it is healthful. That is absolutely wrong. Back in the 1920s, the companies that were selling cigarettes were advertising themes like, ``20,679 physicians say Luckies are less irritating.'' Promoting cigarettes, in effect, as a healthful practice and not a harmful practice. Another theme of those days was, ``For digestion's sake, smoke Camels.'' Again emphasizing an illusory therapeutic value that never existed in cigarettes.  In 1953, an advertisement read, ``This is it. L filters are just what the doctor ordered.'' As if the medical profession was endorsing a product which they knew was harmful and which they suspected, but perhaps did not yet know, was highly addictive.  In this Congress, we have tried to rein in the use of tobacco by children, tried to control the access of young people and tried to warn the American public about the dangers of tobacco. In the 1960s, we brought the industry, we thought, kicking and screaming to accept legislatively mandated warning label. Only after the fact did we learn that the industry privately accepted this label as a good fortune because it allowed them to defend themselves in court with the notion that smokers assumed the risk because they read these labels. Only recently, with the evidence that is more and more conclusive each day of the addictive quality of cigarettes, has the industry begun to respond.  Today we are here to ensure that the past is not repeated, the past of addiction of young people to cigarettes and the past of a very pliant Congress, not effectively regulating the tobacco industry. That is why the HEALTHY Kids Act is so important. It represents a comprehensive effort to ensure that our children are safe and the public health is protected.  One of the important elements of this bill is a price increase of $1.50 a pack. This is not in any way an attempt of retribution on the industry. Rather, it recognizes the fact that a price increase is probably the strongest deterrent there is to teenage smoking. Unlike adult smokers who may already very well addicted, teenagers will respond to price increases. A price increase is one sure way, perhaps the best way, we can ensure that teenagers do not smoke.  The second aspect of the act is giving the FDA full authority over tobacco products, all tobacco products. This proposal would not condition their authority; it would give the FDA the authority, the responsibility, the obligation to regulate tobacco as it regulates so many other drugs and so many other products in our society.  This legislation also includes strong look-back penalties. The HEALTHY Kids Act would set a goal of reducing teenage smoking rates by 67 percent in 10 years and would hold manufacturers accountable for these tough goals by imposing 10-cent-a-pack penalties on the industry across the board and 40-cent penalties on brand-specific products that do not meet the targeted reductions. There would be no rebate. In the proposal the industry negotiated with the Attorneys General, there would be the possibility of a company receiving a rebate by just trying hard. This legislation would require the goal be met, not simply the effort be made. This would also include comprehensive anti-smoking programs, through advertising, prevention programs, and other means that would help ensure that children do not smoke. These program would also give adults, if they wish to change, access to programs to make sure they can make that transition from smoking to nonsmoking.  Because of the money that is generated, we will be able to commit significant resources to programs that are extremely important, programs that have been outlined so well by Senator Conrad: education, child care, health resources.  Also, this legislation, importantly, does not curtail prospective liability for the tobacco industry. It would settle the suits that have been lodged by the State attorneys general. Also, it would settle claims with respect to governmental entities, but it would allow individual citizens who have been harmed and who will be harmed by tobacco smoke to bring their case to court.  I believe this is a crucial part of the legislation, because without this, the other mechanisms that we develop may well be undermined by sophisticated corporate reorganizations by the industry, by challenges to aspects of the law, and by many things which the tobacco companies have done in the past to remake themselves to comply with Federal statutes. Statutes which Congress thought would control their behavior but which in many cases not only did not control their behavior but gave the tobacco companies additional ammunition to defend themselves against civil suits in the courts.  I believe that this liability issue is an important one and one that distinguishes this legislation from others that have been introduced in this Congress.  We here today have the opportunity to do what all Americans want us to do, ensure that children do not have ready access to cigarettes, ensure that the next generation of Americans is not addicted before they become adults, ensure that the public health in this country is protected, ensure that we are able to create an environment in which a parent does not have to confront what must be one of the most harrowing moments, the realization that a young son or a young daughter is beginning to smoke and realizing also, as we do today, that that means that this child will die prematurely.  No parent should have to endure that moment. No child should have to be subject to the barrage of advertising,the barrage of influences which have forced that child to smoke cigarettes. I look forward to working with my colleagues to enact this bill and to meet these goals. I look forward, as we all do, to the day in which cigarette smoking is not something that we associate with the youth of this country.  I yield my time.  