President, I am offering this amendment tonight not only on behalf of myself, but Mr. Abraham, Mr. Chafee, Mr. Leahy, Mr. Wellstone, and Ms. Mikulski. My amendment would add a modest $10 million increase to the budget for the Office of Lead Hazard in the Department of Housing and Urban Development.  I first want to commend and thank the chairman and ranking member for their assistance and their help. Both Senator Bond and Senator Mikulski have committed to finding more resources to prevent the exposure of young children to the lead hazard which is so prevalent in older housing throughout the United States. They have worked very closely with my staff and myself. I thank them for that. I am also very confident they will continue these efforts in conference so we can increase even more the funds that are allocated to this important endeavor.  Over the last 20 years, the United States has made great strides in reducing lead exposure among our population, particularly among our children. Since the enactment of a ban on lead-based paint, since the elimination of lead solder in food cans and the deleading of gasoline, we have seen a significant decrease in blood level exposures of American citizens by about an order of 80 percent. However, it is still estimated that approximately 1 million children nationwide still have excessive levels of lead in their blood, making lead poisoning a leading childhood environmental disease and a disease that can be prevented.  Today, the key culprit in this exposure is lead-based paint in housing. It is the major source of exposure and is responsible for most cases of childhood lead poisoning. It has been estimated that approximately half of America's housing stock, roughly 64 million homes, contain some lead-based paint. Twenty million of these homes contain lead-based paint in a hazardous condition, paint which is peeling, cracked or chipped, paint that can be ingested by children, taken into their bloodstream, causing them severe health problems.  The problem of lead-based paint is particularly severe in my home State of Rhode Island. Forty-three percent of our housing stock was built before 1950, the time in which lead paint was universally used in painting homes.  But the problem of lead-paint exposure and lead-paint poisoning in children is not related to Rhode Island; it is truly a national problem. One in 11 children nationwide have elevated blood levels, and if you refer to the chart on my left, you can see that, for example, in the city of Baltimore, 22 percent of children age 1 through 6 have dangerously high levels of blood--Chicago, 12 percent; Davenport, Iowa, 18 percent; Denver, CO, 16 percent; Milwaukee, 36 percent; St. Louis, MO, 23 percent; my home State, Providence, RI, 28 percent of children tested have higher than normal levels of lead in their bloodstream. This is a nationwide problem. It is a problem particularly severe in the older urban areas of the country, but not exclusively there.  Again, one of the key factors is housing stock of the community. Housing built before 1950 typically have extensive lead paint still residing in these homes. If you look across the country, there are States everywhere that have significant totals of housing built before 1950. For example, in Illinois, 36 percent of the housing was built before 1950; in Michigan, 31 percent; in New York, 47 percent.  All of this points to an extremely important public health problem. It is important because childhood lead poisoning has a profound health effect on children, a profound educational impact on children, their ability to learn and their ability to develop intellectually. Children with high blood levels can suffer from brain damage, behavior and learning problems, slow growth and hearing problems.  Children with a history of lead poisoning frequently require special education to compensate for intellectual deficits and behavior problems. In my State of Rhode Island, officials believe special education services are 40 percent higher among children with significant lead exposure, and in 1990 dollars, it costs roughly an additional $10,000 to provide special education services to a child.  By failing to eliminate the hazard of lead in homes, we are harming not only the children directly, but we are also incurring huge additional costs for education and health care. This is truly a problem that we must address, and we have to address it with the resources necessary to address this problem effectively.  Mr. President, childhood lead poisoning is a significant health, educational and fiscal issue. We must do everything to eliminate this lead-based paint hazard to our children. By providing sufficient funding to the HUD's Office of Lead Hazard Control, which has the primary responsibility for addressing this hazard in housing, and since 1992, the Office of Lead Hazard Control has been a highly effective component of the Federal Government's effort to address childhood lead poisoning.  Through its grant program, this office has provided grants to State and local governments to reduce the exposure of young children to lead-based paint hazards in their homes. Specifically, they have given grants to privately owned homes, to low-income occupied, and rental housing, all in an attempt to help them eliminate the source of lead poisoning in children, the most common source, and that is lead paint within homes.  Since 1993, $385 million has been awarded to 30 States and the District of Columbia. These grants have helped abate or mitigate lead-based paint hazards in 50,000 homes where young children reside. Regrettably, this is just, in effect, the tip of the iceberg, because there are so many homes that have these particular hazards to children.  In addition to helping mitigate and abate lead exposure in homes, they have also supported programs to test children for lead-based paint exposure, and also to test the homes. All of these efforts together have helped in some small way to eliminate this problem, and I have had the opportunity in my own home State of Rhode Island to visit and look at the efforts that are undertaken to eliminate these exposures to children. They are important.  What is most important is ensuring that we have the resources so that we can protect the health of all of these young children. As I stated before, this is a problem that is terribly frustrating. We know that children, if they ingest lead into their system, will suffer some type of health effect. This health effect will usually result in poor intellectual development and behavioral problems. We will be paying later through special education and throughthe lifetime of these children who then become adults.  We can at this point take an effective step to ensure that these problems are addressed. It is preventable. It is a pediatric disease we can prevent if we simply get the lead out. My amendment this evening will increase the resources to the Office of Lead Hazard Mitigation so that we can, in fact, help local communities ensure that the housing these young children are living in is lead free.  Oftentimes, the families of these children have no choice. They must go to homes that is the best available housing, but in providing a shelter for their child, in some cases unwittingly they are exposing their child to a hazard which will claim not only their health, but also their intellectual development.  I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. I am prepared to yield to the chairman at this time.  