President, my amendment would prohibit credit card companies from terminating a customer's account or imposing a penalty solely because the customer pays his or her bill on time and in full each month. It seems amazing but there are actually some companies out there that will terminate credit because the borrower, the debtor, pays the full amount each and every month on time.  This amendment is narrowly tailored and would not otherwise affect the ability of the credit card company to terminate accounts or charge any fees or do anything with respect to penalties, but it would restrict and, indeed, eliminate this practice of terminating the best creditors that they have simply because they are not making any money on finance charges.  I am offering this amendment in response to this very troubling practice which finds many credit card companies discriminating against the most responsible borrowers, those who pay their balances on time each and every month. Specifically, several companies have started to terminate a customer's card or impose a penalty if the customer pays his or her credit card bill in full each month.  For example, in my home State of Rhode Island, many consumers with a credit card issued by a popular national discount store were alarmed to receive letters which stated:       Our records indicate this account has had no finance      charges assessed in the last 12 months. Unfortunately, the      expense incurred by our company to maintain and service your      account has become prohibitive, and as a result, in      accordance with the terms of your cardholder agreement, we      are not reissuing your credit card.  One couple who received this letter has been married for 49 years and had never been late on any mortgage payment or denied any loan or been late in any type of credit arrangement that they had. Yet, with this note, the company was informing them that they were effectively being denied credit solely because they were responsible borrowers.  Now, the message from credit card companies in this case is if you are too good a risk we won't give you any credit. That is illogical and, I think, should not be the practice of these companies. In fact, this practice is contrary to the goals of S. 1301, which is to promote responsible borrowing practices and reward those who are responsible in their borrowing practices. By penalizing borrowers who pay off their bills each month, it seems that some credit card companies are, in fact, advocating the type of behavior which S. 1301 is designed to discourage.  I am not moved by the claims of these companies that say they need to cancel accounts which do not incur financial charges because the cost of servicing these accounts is prohibitive. Industry data suggests it costs issuers about $25 annually to service an account. But issuers are able to offset this cost through an interchange fee of approximately 2 percent charged to merchants on each transaction. Each year, on average, $3,000 is charged to a credit card. This 2-percent interchange fee on these charges equals about $60 which would seem to more than cover the cost of these accounts. Moreover, with Americans holding over $450 billion in consumer debt and with an average interest rate on credit card balances at 17.7 percent, the overall profitability of credit card lending is obvious and apparent.  This amendment is a narrowly crafted measure which is designed to prohibit credit card companies from discriminating against the most responsible borrowers. For this reason, the amendment would clearly advance the goals of S. 1301 to promote more responsible credit card practices.  I see no reason why my colleagues would oppose it. I therefore ask my colleagues to support this amendment. At the appropriate time I will ask for the yeas and nays.  I yield the floor.  