President.  I strongly support the amendment proposed by Senator Conrad, Senator Lautenberg, and my colleagues. The budget resolution before us today does not give us a fighting chance to do what we want to do, but more importantly, what the American people want us to do. That is to reduce teenage smoking in the United States. We know it is a curse. We know it is causing incalculable pain throughout this country in terms of health problems down the road.  But this budget resolution does not give us the tools to grapple with the issue of teen smoking. It is illogical, too, as Senator Conrad pointed out so eloquently. All of the major legislative initiatives have specific provisions which require anti-youth-smoking efforts, increased research at the National Institutes of Health, FDA regulatory authority, State regulatory authority, and none of these can be funded from the budget resolution.  But there is something that is even more illogical, in my view. I do not want to take a brief for the tobacco industry. But with every one of these major pieces of legislation for the tobacco industry, you must reduce teen smoking by 50 percent, 60 percent, or 70 percent in so many years. Yet, if we take all of  the proceeds from the increased tobacco taxes and all the other payments and we don't use them in some way to try to suppress teen smoking through counteradvertising campaigns, to try to get people who are addicted to nicotine over the addiction, there is no way that these goals can be met. We are setting up a test that is bound to fail. We have to recognize that if we are serious about mandating the reduction of teen smoking by significant percentages over the next several years, we have to provide the resources to do that job. This budget resolution does not make such a provision. It does not allow us to take the proceeds of whatever tobacco deal is ultimately reached and use those proceeds to invest in a healthier America, to invest in the health of our children.  All of these provisions, which Senator Conrad has outlined, are so absolutely necessary in making any proposed agreement work, and also, fundamentally, to ensure that we reduce teen smoking, we have to adopt a very strong anti-youth-smoking effort. The principal means to do that is a counteradvertising campaign. Every year, the tobacco industry spends $5 billion on advertising, billboards, sporting events, teams, sponsorships, giveaways--hats, jackets, whatever, key chains--a powerful influence on the youth of America. In fact, all of us can think back through our sort of history, and, even if we do not smoke, we know we have been terribly influenced by tobacco advertising campaigns.  I was on the floor a few weeks ago talking about the legislation which Ihad, and it came to me that if I asked anyone who is roughly my age--I will be kind, about 40--if I asked them what LSMFT meant, the light bulb would go right on. If I ask these young ladies and gentleman, they would say it is gibberish. I see the shake of the head. They do not know. LSMFT means ``Lucky Strike Means Fine Tobacco.'' Through literally millions of dollars of advertising over 20 or 30 years, a whole generation, or more, of Americans understood that. We have to reverse that. We have to convince a whole generation of Americans now and in the future that tobacco is dangerous, addictive, and will ultimately kill them. We can't do it just with good wishes here on the floor of the Senate; we have to do it with real resources. This budget resolution will not give us a chance to do that.  We have to look seriously at NIH research, because there are opportunities perhaps to develop antidotes to nicotine, to the harmful effects of tobacco smoke. There are ways through science and research. We might have better ways to wean individuals off tobacco smoke. All of these things have to be done if we are going to meet our objective of using this historic opportunity, this historic agreement, to improve the public health of Americans.  We also have to ensure that the FDA has the resources to do the job of enforcing on the tobacco industry. We know every year it is a battle here through the appropriations process to fund worthwhile programs for the FDA. We know at the end of the day that there are many worthwhile programs which just do not make the cut, not because they are bad but just because we run out of money long before the public health community runs out of problem. If we do not provide within this resolution for the use of the resources of the tobacco industry to invest in FDA, we are not going to be able to give them the tools to do the job to make sure that smoking is not contagious among young people.  Add to that our responsibility to help the States provide an important part of this overall agreement. We expect--in fact, in most of the legislation it is clearly explicitly written--that the States will fund elaborate programs of access control to tobacco through licenses of clerks, thorough investigations and inspections of facilities that are selling tobacco products, ensuring that products don't mysteriously appear in the State without these controls.  All of that takes money, and the States are going to look to us and say, ``Listen. You are the folks that have all of the money. You are the ones that are getting the $500 billion over so many years from increased taxes and increased fees and penalty payments. We need this to ensure that we can control access to tobacco products.''  One of the other aspects is thrown in our face constantly when we talk about this tobacco arrangement. That is the possibility, or the probability, the eventuality, of a black market in cigarettes because the price is going up. How are we going to counteract this black market if we do not have the resources at the State level and the FDA level and through other law enforcement means to actually counteract the potential growth of black markets? Once again, I don't see within this budget resolution those types of resources being available.  We also have to fund smoking cessation programs. Mr. President, 70 percent of smokers today want to quit. But wanting to quit and being able to beat this addiction are two different things. They cannot do it without resources--without access to counsel, without access to nicotine patches, without access to those items which are going to ensure that they can avoid their present dilemma, which is smoking but wanting desperately to quit.  Then, as Senator Conrad also pointed out, every one of these pieces of legislation includes substantial payments to farmers who are likely to lose their valuable crops because tobacco is going to be suppressed in this country--not prohibited, not outlawed--but certainly we hope the demand will begin to shrink for tobacco products as fewer people smoke, particularly fewer young people smoke. Every one of these bills has it. Both sides of this aisle are trumpeting their support for the farmer. They are not going to let these innocent victims of this industry be left adrift without any resources, cut off from a lucrative economic crop and left to their own devices. Yet, once again, within the confines or context of this resolution, there is no resource to do the job.  We have to do something. Frankly, this amendment makes so much sense. It allows for the funding of all of these provisions. It allows for other important uses of the tobacco settlement, too. But at a minimum it allows us to do what we have to do, and I am supportive, not only of this effort but overall of developing strong and tough tobacco legislation. We have an opportunity, a historic opportunity, for the first time in many, many years, to put America on the path of sense and sanity when it comes to smoking policy.  We can, we hope, empower a generation of young Americans with the knowledge and with the support to stop smoking. If we do that, we will reap a tremendous benefit in a healthier America and a healthier society. Yet, without these resources we cannot, in fact, go forward because this budget resolution does not give us the opportunity and the flexibility to go ahead and do, again, not only what I want to do, what I assume the vast majority of my colleagues want to do, but what our constituents demand that we do: Use these historic opportunities, when the industry has recognized its past mistakes, when the industry is attempting to change its culture, when we have for the first time the support not only of the American people but the cooperation, to a degree at least, of the industry, to ensure that we prevent young people from smoking.  The fear is we will have debates on this floor about all of these legislative materials and all of the different aspects of the proposed agreements, but, ultimately, when it comes down to the bottom line, when we have to put our money where our words are, there will be no money because this resolution takes that option off the table for us. So I hope all of my colleagues will join us in supporting this amendment, will join us in the continued effort to ensure that we have good, tough tobacco legislation, but legislation that not only will say the right things but have the money and resources to do the right things.  My colleague from New Jersey, I think, is going to speak in a moment. I think he is present. While he is coming forward, let me just say that we have before us a very challenging set of issues. This is a critical one, getting this budget resolution in a shape where it will support sound legislation on the floor. There are other issues, too, that will come up before us.  Many aspects of this proposed settlement are controversial, not only between the two contesting parties, the tobacco industry and those who are trying to protect the public health, but also controversial by their nature. I talked a little bit about the need for adequate resources to fund smoking cessation advertisements that will actually go out and convince young people not to smoke. That will become particularly crucial if some provisions we have in the legislation are stricken down because of the first amendment. As you realize, most of these legislative initiatives contain language which essentially asks that the industry give up their first amendment rights to advertise in exchange for immunity protection. There is always the threat that someone--perhaps not even in the tobacco industry, perhaps a third party, like convenience stores--would come out and suggest that these restrictions are contrary to the first amendment. In this regard, we would really definitely, most definitively, need resources to keep up an effective counteradvertising campaign.  So for these reasons and many others, we must, I think, support this amendment, and we must, in fact, ensure that we have the dollars as well as the legislative language to prevent teen smoking. If we do that, then we will achieve the historic conclusion to these debates.  