President, I rise in support of H.R. 2676, the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998. This bill is the product of an extensive examination of the IRS that began with the June 1997 release of a report by the National Commission on Restructuring the Internal Revenue Service, and ended with recent Finance Committee hearings on taxpayer abuse by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  I am pleased that H.R. 2676 incorporates a number of key recommendations from the National Commission's report, such as IRS restructuring and the establishment of an Oversight Board. I believe restructuring the IRS will enable the agency to meet the particular needs of taxpayers such as individuals, small businesses, large businesses, and tax-exempt organizations, and be more responsive to each group's particular concerns.  In addition to incorporating recommendations from the Commission report, the bill includes provisions to address taxpayer abuse and mismanagement practices by IRS that came to light during the Finance Committee's hearings. I was, along with most other Americans, very disturbed by the anecdotes of taxpayer abuse that were presented at the hearings. To the extent that H.R. 2676 will address these problems, I am very pleased to support the bill.  Notwithstanding my strong support for many of this bill's provisions, I do have concerns about its projected cost of $19.3 billion over 10 years. Mr. President, this is triple the cost of the House-passed version of H.R. 2676. Although the bill includes offsets which purport to make the bill revenue-neutral, these offsets are a ticking time bomb that will explode beyond the 10 year budget window. For example, a provision modifying IRA rollover rules will raise $8 billion between 2003 and 2007. However, this provision will cost the Treasury a yet-to-be determined amount of revenue after 2007. I find it difficult to vote on a proposal that we know will be costly in the long-term, without having a definitive sense of its budgetary impact.  When coupling the rollover provision with provisions included in the Taxpayer Relief Act that are phased-in through 2007, such as capital gains tax cuts, ``back loaded'' IRAs, and estate tax cuts, it becomes clear that there will be significant pressures on the federal budget after 2007. I believe that these provisions could seriously compromise maintenance of a balanced budget. In addition, these provisions could greatly complicate our efforts to address the long-term solvency issues associated with the Social Security and Medicare Trust Funds.  Finally, Mr. President, I have concerns that the bill could compromise the ability of the IRS to carry out its core mission--enforcement of the Internal Revenue Code. For example, the enhanced appeal provisions in the bill may unintentionally make it easier for noncompliant taxpayers to avoid paying the appropriate taxes. Similarly, I am concerned that shifting the burden of proof in certain circumstances will undermine enforcement efforts and have the unintended consequence of making audits more intrusive.  Mr. President, while I am supportive of H.R. 2676, I am hopeful that we can work in Conference to address the concerns that I have raised, which are share by the Administration. Ultimately, I believe it is possible to pass a strong IRS restructuring bill that can address taxpayer concerns, without busting the budget or undermining the mission of the IRS.  