President, I rise to briefly discuss my support for the ISTEA conference report which I believe appropriately and rationally expands and improves our nation's transportation programs.  Mr. President, this legislation is good news for Rhode Island, a state that unfortunately has some of the most significant infrastructure needs in our nation according to experts. Yet, many people might overlook the fact that this conference report also provides essential investments in our nation's mass transit programs. Indeed, I am pleased that the Banking Committee's transit title of the conference report contains $35 million for new capital transit programs in Rhode Island as well as $5.79 million for the purchase of urgently needed new buses by the Rhode Island Public Transit Authority. I want to personally thank Chairman D'Amato and Senator Sarbanes, particularly, for their assistance in addressing my state's transit priorities and their hard work in producing a very balanced transit program that will serve our country well.  While there is much that is good in this bill, I am troubled by some of the budgetary offsets used to permit a higher level of transportation investment. Like many of my colleagues, I remain concerned that in order to accommodate essential infrastructure funding within the confines of strict budget caps, this legislation would endorse a plan to deny payments for veterans with service connected smoking-related illnesses. Indeed, earlier this year, I voted against this proposal, and I plan to work with like minded colleagues in the months ahead to see if we can reverse it. In addition, I am saddened that the ISTEA bill no longer contains a tougher national standard for driving under the influence of alcohol. All too often we hear of another senseless death due to drunk driving. A tougher standard for blood alcohol content or BAC would have been an excellent deterrent in the fight against drunk driving tragedies, and I regret that the Senate's strong support for this standard did not prevail in negotiations with the House of Representatives.  Mr. President, like many pieces of legislation, this bill is not perfect. However, repairing my state's roads and bridges; ensuring that thousands of mass transit riders in Rhode Island continue to receive service; and improving safety on our roads; are worthwhile goals that I hope all my colleagues support.  