Mr. President, I rise in very strong support of the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut. I think it illustrates two important points.  First, the huge gap between what the Federal Government promised in terms of special education support to the States and what was delivered. Even though, as the Senator from Georgia pointed out, we are trying to do better, we can do much better. And using these resources rather than engaging in the private savings plan as the Senator from Georgia proposes, but using these resources to assist special education, I think, will be the best way to use these dollars.  The second point I think the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut illustrates is the critical role that public education plays in our country, because these students--typically these disabled students--are all public education students. Private facilities don't take these individuals typically because they can't afford them and they think they are disruptive. That is the essence of private education. They can pick and choose.  A public school cannot. We have committed ourselves in this Congress to ensure that every child in this country, regardless of ability or disability, has a free, excellent public education. But what that means in practice is that our public schools have to respond to large numbers of special education students, something to which private education does not respond. That is, I think, at the heart of this debate.  If we are going to have a public school system that we expect to give education to all of our citizens, then we cannot siphon off resources to private education in the way that is proposed by these savings accounts. We have to match our orders and commands to the schools of America and to educate all of our citizens with resources.  This amendment does that. It preserves a program that we have all stood up and said is vitally important to this country, both educationally and socially--and that is special education --and it does so by reinforcing public education. That is the way we should proceed.  I commend the Senator from Connecticut for his efforts in regard to this amendment today.  