President, let me continue by again commending the Senator from Illinois. It goes right to the heart of what we do materially to aid the States and localities in the United States in providing for excellent public education and excellent education overall.  The statistics that we have seen about crumbling schools in the United States is staggering. Just recently, the American Society of Civil Engineers concluded that our schools are in the worst condition of any of America's infrastructure. We know that because we go back to our States and to our communities every weekend and we see these buildings.  Just yesterday I was in the Providence Street Elementary School in West Warwick, RI. The reason I went there is because this is an excellent elementary school, one of two elementary schools in Rhode Island accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges. I was talking to the principal and his staff. They do wonderful things. I asked them: What is the biggest problem in this school? They said, without hesitation, the facilities. The main building of the Providence Street School was built in 1914 onto a wooden structure. But in 1969 the school department acquired a parochial school across the street. The classes are operating in both of these schools. Schoolchildren--first graders, second graders, third graders, and fourth graders--have to cross a busy thoroughfare each and every day to change classes. There is no room in the old building, the 1914 building, to accommodate the new technology. The heating system does not work. Yet, this is a wonderful school.  That is just an example of one school in my State. I could go on and on and on. In Woonsocket, the Harris School was built in 1876, the year that George Custer met his fate at Little Bighorn. It is still operating. The Thompson Middle School in Newport, RI, part of it was built in 1898.  These schools need help. These communities need help. This is not just about improving the academic quality, which I think it could do dramatically; it is also assisting taxpayers. More and more of our constituents are coming up to us and telling us they cannot afford to support increased property taxesthat support schools in their communities.  If we want to do anything constructive, pragmatic, and useful to help not only the schools of America but the taxpayers of all the towns and cities of America, then we will support this legislation because it will directly assist them in their efforts. The proposal that Senator Moseley-Braun has submitted is an ingenious way to use Federal resources to promote public education at the local level.  Once again, we require the initiative of the locality. They will have to decide what schools will be fixed up. They will have to go to their communities and ask for bond authority to do it. But we would by paying the interest to allow these communities to get the resources to make the investment to fix the schools, to provide the education which we know is at the heart not only of the individual progress of the next generation of Americans but the progress of our Nation, because without good schools, without schools that are at least sanitary, that at least have the ability to accept modern equipment, without this minimal level of adequacy, we cannot expect children to learn to be not only productive members of our economy in the 21st century but to be productive citizens of the 21st century. This is the way to proceed--not by disseminating Federal resources in tax plans to aid private schools but by allowing the local communities to use their initiative to issue bonds with Federal help to fund, repair, and renovate schools.  This is what our constituents want. This is what we must do to improve public education in this country.  I thank the Senator for her recommendation of this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it.  I yield my time.  