President, first I thank the Senator from South Dakota for his fine words and support of this amendment and also for his effort in this legislative process. He has been there every step of the way, working very closely to ensure that we develop legislation that will work for the children of this country, their parents, and for all Americans. I thank him for that and for his kind words today.  Again, continuing to respond to some of the issues that were raised today with respect to my amendment, there are suggestions that under the latest case, 44 Liquormart, there has to be a material showing that the regulation proposed, the proposed restriction on speech, will significantly and materially advance the underlying Government objective. Once again, in that particular case they do not find such significance. In this situation, the significance is obvious and compelling. The FDA, after its extensive rulemaking, concluded that limits on advertising will avert the addiction of anywhere between 25 percent and 50 percent of the children at risk. So, literally, we have within our power theability to save 250,000 a year from the ravages of smoking. That is not hypothetical. That is not conjecture. That is based upon sound analysis by the FDA. And that is material and significant.  Consequently, all the criticism directed to the amendment with respect to the first amendment, and particularly with respect to 44 Liquormart, failed, I believe, and we are left with legislation that is focused, that deals with a very substantial national interest--the reduction of teen smoking--that directly affects that interest, that will produce significant material beneficial results, and also one that is used now after several other attempts have failed--noticeably warning labels, noticeably banning certain types of advertising, television advertising.  So I believe we are on sound constitutional grounds and very, very sound policy grounds, because intuitively I think we all grasp that this barrage of advertising images has an overwhelming and upsetting effect on children. If 90 percent of 6-year-olds recognize Joe Camel and smoking, then that is pretty compelling evidence that we have to do something to restrain the way cigarettes are advertised and marketed in this country. That is what this amendment proposes to do.  Let me also suggest that within the FDA regulations there are provisions which are not particularly novel. All of these discussions about restricting speech, I think, fail to recognize the fact that many States already put significant restrictions on cigarette advertising. For example, in California the State prohibits advertising of tobacco products within 1,000 feet of any public or private school playground. The statute also allows local ordinances to be more restrictive.  A second statute makes it clear that one cannot sell, lease, rent, provide any video game which will primarily be used by minors if the game contains any paid commercial advertisement for tobacco products.  In Indiana, the State prevents non-point-of-sale advertisements for tobacco within 200 feet of a school. In Kentucky, the State has banned tobacco billboard advertising within 500 feet of a school. In Texas, the State prevents tobacco advertising within 1,000 feet of a school or church. In Utah, the State law bans all tobacco advertising on ``any billboard, street car, sign, bus placard or any other object or place of display.'' In fact, the Utah statute originates from 1929.  All of these States have, by their State laws, imposed restrictions on tobacco advertising. The justification, of course, is that they are protecting children. They have been on the books, in some cases, as in the case of Utah, for 60-plus years. So we are not breaking new ground. What we are doing, finally, is assembling a coherent set of rational regulations based on extensive findings by the FDA which will, we hope, for the first time ensure that children are not the objects of tobacco advertising.  The other aspect or complaint that has been made about the amendment is that it might not work out well, it is using the Tax Code to enforce a public policy.  Lately, this body has been preoccupied with using the Tax Code to enforce public policy positions of the various parties, so that is not a novel idea. But one aspect of this legislation which I think is very commendable is that essentially what will happen is that the industry itself will have to police itself. Today, the FTC, the Federal Trade Commission, could come in and take any one of these ads and say, ``This is false and misleading. You have no evidence to say it's smooth. This is just totally misleading.'' They can do that.  It will take 2 years of administrative procedures to work through the administrative law judge level. And at the end of those 2 years, if the company is distressed with the outcome, they will simply sue and go to the court of appeals, claiming that the ALJ's decision was arbitrary, capricious, et cetera, and that appeal will be stretched out.  In the world of advertising, the product life of an advertising campaign is measured probably in a month, maybe a year; there are perennials that last a long time. But that particular advertising will be old hat in a matter of months, so there is every incentive, when there is a question about whether they are pushing across the line or not, to go ahead and advertise, because, remember, if you hook that 16-year-old, you have a faithful customer for 30 years maybe.  In this situation, they are going to have to look very carefully, because the consequence of violating this amendment is that they lose their tax deduction, it goes right to the bottom line, and it is something that if they choose to litigate for years or months and, at the end, they are found liable, not only do they pay the taxes owed, but also interest and penalties. They are very much concerned, as they should be.  This is an effective enforcement device. I believe we need effective enforcement devices. We have tried other approaches--the advertising ban on television, the warning labels, even FTC jurisdiction to ferret out individual ads--but still we are seeing our young people deluged by these advertisements and, again, remarkably, 90 percent of 6-year-olds being able to recognize Joe Camel as a symbol for cigarette smoking in the United States. So I believe we need this amendment very, very much.  Let me suggest also there has been another general argument against the amendment, and that argument has essentially been: Well, the sky's falling, the slippery slope; if you do this, you will enforce every Federal regulatory policy with the Tax Code, and that will be a terrible thing. Again, I think that is more alarmism than rational.  The reason I am here today is that central to the business of tobacco is the business of promoting it through advertising. People smoke cigarettes like this not because they have, I think, some need to do it, but they have been subjected to this type of advertising over many, many years. Advertising and cigarette promotions have been hand in hand for as long as anyone can remember.  If you go back far enough, the industry was much more aggressive in some respects, and blatant. They put in magazines pictures of doctors smoking away, suggesting that cigarette smoking was really good for them; they put in photographs, pictures, drawings of very attractive, sophisticated young women, suggesting that smoking was good to control weight--none of which, of course, was buttressed by the fact that smoking is an addiction that ultimately prematurely kills people.  There is such a logical connection, an inextricable connection, between advertising, the way they do it, and the promotion of a tobacco product that it is logical to take this step. It is not logical to suggest that FDA regulations will be enforced by denying deductibility or any other type of regulatory policy. So the whole issue of, this is just the first step on a very slippery slope is, I think, refutable on its face.  We have before us the opportunity to pass significant legislation which will materially, effectively improve the public health of this country. We have to recognize--I think so many of us do--that cigarettes probably are the No. 1 pediatric disease in the country. It affects kids adversely. It takes it a while to catch up with them, but it affects kids adversely. Ninety percent of smokers begin before they are 18 years old. This is a pediatric health crisis, and we are responding.  The fear I have is, if we don't respond in this manner, that we really won't be able to effectively accomplish what we want to do. Even if we pass this legislation--and Senator McCain has done a remarkable thing moving this legislation through; his perseverance and strength, along with Senator Kerry and along with so many of my colleagues, has been remarkable--even if we pass legislation that has increases on the price of cigarettes, that has effective funding for a public health program, if we do that and yet we still have no real check on advertisements like this aimed at young people, I believe we will end up not doing what we are setting out to do: to restrict smoking among underage Americans.  I think we should do it, I think we must do it, and I urge careful consideration and support for this amendment.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  