President, today we are engaged in a very important debate about the reform of the IRS, but there is another very crucial debate that we also must consider and recognize, and that is the debate about the future of our health care system in the United States--particularly the managed care health care system, which is becoming so prominent in America today.  I am particularly concerned that children should also be part of this debate and that they deserve the same consumer protections that many have talked about in the context of adult health care plans. Managed care, as we all recognize, plays a very important and critical role in our health care delivery system and has provided many benefits. But we also hear repeatedly about instances in which patients--particularly children--are not served as well as they should be by managed care.  I recall one child who was brought to my attention in Rhode Island. A young child, Morgan Smith, was born in Rhode Island November of 1993. Shortly after her fourth birthday, Morgan was diagnosed with Rhabdomyosarcoma, a cancer that attacks any smooth muscle in the body, including blood vessels. They detected this cancer in Morgan's brain. She was indeed faced with a critical, life-threatening brain tumor.  We are fortunate in Rhode Island because we have an excellent children's hospital, Hasbro Children's Hospital in Providence, which is the hospital where Morgan was diagnosed. The pediatric oncologists there determined that the best treatment for Morgan would be to go to the New England Regional Medical Center in Boston for specialized chemotherapy. Now, her mother, obviously, was willing to do anything to treat her child and have the best benefits for her child.  At that point, the insurance company denied her the ability to bring her child to Boston and requested that they get a second opinion. They got that second opinion; it was the same as the first opinion. However, the HMO still refused to authorize the treatment necessary for that 4-year-old child to receive life-saving therapy in Boston.  Mrs. Smith literally had to wage war against the HMO to make her point. At the time, she was absolutely crushed by the prospect of her young child being stricken with a life-threatening brain tumor. She determined on her own to go to Boston regardless of the consequences, risking her financial future, risking all of the resources that she had, while also having to provide for her other children. Nevertheless, she was bound and determined to provide for Morgan.  Fortunately, this story has a happy ending. About a month after pleading by Mrs. Smith, and by others, the insurance company relented and she was granted permission to have the treatment conducted in Boston. And the child is doing very well.  That is merely one example of the stories we are hearing constantly about managed care and its inability at times to provide the kind of care that most parents think they should get when they pay good money, or their employer pays good money, for these managed care plans.  There have been studies in parts of the country suggesting that the managed care plans are not best suited, in many cases, for children. A study in California by Elizabeth Jameson at the University of California compared managed care plans with the State's Medicaid plan for children. Medicaid plans are sometimes stereotyped as the low-cost and, by inference, low-quality health care. This study, however, found that in many respects children in California's Medicaid Program were getting better pediatric care than those enrolled in managed care plans in the State.  The study found, for example, that some of the managed care plans imposed restrictions on referrals to pediatric specialists. They also found that many plan providers were attempting to deal with very complicated pediatric conditions with which they had little experience.  As a result of the anecdotal evidence, as a result of the statistical studies and surveys that have been done in parts of the country, I have introduced S. 1808, the Children's Health Insurance Accountability Act. It is designed to provide an opportunity for children's health to be considered and focused on in a managed care plan. This act would provide common sense protections for children in managed care plans--protections, for example, that would ensure that a family has access to necessary pediatric services; that they would have appeal rights and special conditions with respect to children; that they would have quality programs that measure outcomes with respect to children and not just to adults; that there would be utilization review rules that be geared toward children and not just to adults; that there would be child-specific information in terms of the sale of these plans on care provided to children.  There are so many parents who buy plans and think they have coverage for their kid, only to discover in a time of crisis that the coverage is not what they thought it was. My legislation would put that information up front.  What I have done with respect to children is consistent with a much broader class of legislation that is attempting to reform managed care forthe entire population of patients. The Health Care Bill of Rights, for example, introduced by my Democratic colleagues, is one such plan. My legislation is consistent with this overall thrust to ensure that managed care continues to operate for the benefit of patients, that operates by allowing physicians to provide advice, and not accountants, to control the diagnosis and the application of health care.  With respect to children, again, the American people are strongly supportive of proposals to give better access through managed care for pediatric services. In a February 1998 poll by the firm of Lake, Sosin, Snell, Perry and Associates and the Tarrance Group--two pollsters, one Democrat and one Republican--it was found that 89 percent of adults surveyed favored having ``Congress require HMOs and other insurance companies to allow parents to choose a pediatrician as their child's primary care physician.'' And 90 percent favored having ``Congress require HMOs and other insurance companies to allow parents of children with special care needs, like cerebral palsy, cystic fibrosis, or severe asthma, to choose a pediatric specialist to be their child's primary care physician.''  There is overwhelming public support for these provisions that will allow parents to truly and wisely choose coverage for their children and have the ability to have pediatric specialists care for their children.  Again, this is consistent with a theme, a message, and a responsibility that we all have; that is, to move in this time decisively, with determination, to ensure that we reform the managed care system, that we provide the benefits of managed care in terms of preventive services; in terms of access to physicians, that we do it in a way that physicians know they are providing the best care for their patients and that the consumers of health care know that they can have access to good-quality care.  The time to act is now. I join many of my colleagues on an almost daily basis in urging that we take up this matter quickly and that we move forward decisively and pass comprehensive managed care for all of our citizens, but particularly for our children.  I thank you, Mr. President. I yield my time.  