President, I voted in favor of S. 1301, the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1998, to address certain abuses regarding consumer bankruptcy laws, while providing bankruptcy protection to those who genuinely need it. Indeed, in recent years, there have been record increases in bankruptcy filings. In 1997 alone there were 1.3 million bankruptcy filings--an all-time high. While I think this increase is in part a result of the significant rise in outstanding consumer credit, I believe it is also attributable to the reduced stigma associated with filing for bankruptcy. As such, I believe that S. 1301 will be an important tool in curtailing irresponsible debtor practices.  The version of S. 1301 passed by the Senate is the product of significant compromise by both Democrats and Republicans and is much-improved over the Judiciary Committee-passed bill. I am pleased that my amendments prohibiting certain credit card terminations, limiting consumer debit card liability, and providing greater disclosure for ``high LTV'' loans were adopted by the Senate. Nonetheless, I am concerned about the means-testing provisions in the bill and would be inclined to oppose the Conference Report if the means-testing provisions are made mandatory or if consumer credit protections are deleted.  S. 1301 signifies a fundamental change in bankruptcy policy by establishing a system of means testing for determining eligibility for Chapter 7 relief. Heretofore, debtors have had the power to determine the type of bankruptcy relief to be sought, regardless of their ability to repay. S. 1301, however, gives a bankruptcy judge the discretion to convert a Chapter 7 case to Chapter 13 upon a motion by the creditor, if the debtor can afford to repay 30 percent of his or her debts.  My concern with the provision is that it does not contemplate whether the creditor acted responsibly and in good faith in extending credit to the debtor. Statistics showing that household debt has increased to 104 percent of household income, as compared to 24 percent in 1975, suggests that some creditors may be irresponsibly extending credit. In response to my concerns, I offered an amendment to the bill that would have required creditors to act ingood faith in their dealings with debtors. Unfortunately, this amendment did not pass.  Despite my concerns with the means testing provision, I was able to support the bill because the means testing provision does not require the judge to convert a case to Chapter 13, but instead gives the judge discretion. If the Conference Report eliminates this judicial discretion and incorporates the House-passed means testing provision that requires conversion, I would have a difficult time supporting the Conference Report.  Lastly, my support for S. 1301 was in part predicated on the significant consumer credit protections incorporated in the bill. For example, the bill includes an amendment that I offered that would prohibit credit card companies from terminating a consumer's account simply because the consumer paid his or her bill in full each month. This is a detestable practice which flies in the face of the goals being promoted in S. 1301. If this provision, or other such provisions are not included in the Conference Report, I would seriously consider opposing the Conference Report.  