President, I rise in strong support of Senator Harkin's amendment. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this amendment.  As the Senator indicated, last year this Senate strongly supported a virtually identical measure which would increase the enforcement ability of the Food and Drug Administration dramatically. We all know that in every State in this country it is illegal for children to buy cigarettes, but we also know it is very easy for children to buy cigarettes from vending machines and retail outlets. And last year, there were a staggering total of 256 million packs of cigarettes sold to children under the age of 18. That is an enormous amount of cigarettes, as Senator Harkin indicated, roughly $500 million, a huge market, a very lucrative market. And we all know if we don't take effective steps to provide for the enforcement of existing State laws and education of children and, just as importantly, the retail salespeople, this staggering total will go on and on and on, with dreadful consequences to the health of our children.  Our effort today is to provide the resources to ensure that illegal tobacco sales to children are stopped if at all possible. Our amendment would fully fund the FDA's youth in our tobacco efforts by raising an additional $100 million by imposing a user fee on tobacco companies based on their market share. The pending bill, the bill that we are considering today, provides only $34 million, which is roughly one-quarter of the request submitted by the administration, to fully and effectively enforce the tobacco laws in the United States against sales of tobacco products to children.  Let's put this total in perspective, that we are asking for, this $100 million. It has already been eclipsed by the amount of money spent by the tobacco industry in advertising against comprehensive tobacco legislation this year in the U.S. Senate. Just, in fact, a few moments ago in the cloakroom, I saw another advertisement being run by the big tobacco companies. They have already spent much more than that in trying to prevent effective legislation that will curtail teen smoking in the United States.  Another aspect we should consider: This $100 million is just roughly 2 percent of the $5 billion that the industry spends each year in advertising its products, and, as we well know and has been well documented, too much of this advertising is directed at children.  We have to in some way, some small way, counteract this constant fusillade of advertising aimed at children, and one way we can do it today--far short of the comprehensive debate that we had weeks ago--one way we can do it is ensuring FDA has the resources to adequately support State efforts to suppress childhood access to tobacco products.  In terms of the money we are requesting, a total of over $100 million, it is also small compared to the health consequences of tobacco smoking in the United States. It has been estimated that over $50 billion a year is drained from our health care system because of tobacco and its effect on children. As Senator Harkin so well indicated, this is a pediatric disease; it begins with young people. Mr. President, 90 percent or more of individuals who begin to smoke do so before they are 18 years of age. Smoking begins around 12 or 13 year old. Regular smokers are regular smokers by the time they are 14. It is a pediatric disease. It is costing us billions of dollars a year, and we have to take effective steps to stop it. This is one way that we can do it, one way I hope we can do it.  We know, too, enforcement of these laws is a significant way of curtailing access to tobacco products for children and, we hope, curtailing their exposure to tobacco and nicotine. One of the significant aspects of this amendment is, it will allow the FDA to put more resources into State efforts to curtail access to tobacco products by young people.  We all were lobbied heavily by different groups--industry groups and public health groups--about the comprehensive legislation. There is not one group that came into my office, be they public health advocates or industry representatives, that did not emphatically and unhesitatingly say, ``We are in favor of strong enforcement of existing laws that curtail teen smoking. We want this. We will do this.'' Now we have an opportunity to fulfill their desire by giving resources to the FDA to ensure that these laws are strictly and effectively and efficiently enforced.  We are talking about a situation in which we can provide resources to bolster the laws that are already on the books. As I indicated, as my colleagueindicated, every State in this country curtails teen smoking. Every quarter of this country speaks out against underage smoking. It is not just public health advocates, it is the industry. Everyone says this is wrong. Yet, unfortunately, we are seeing a tremendous rise in smoking among teenagers. It is rising dramatically. It has increased by over a third since 1991. It is one of the unfortunate health statistics related to children in America today. Again, unless we take effective steps, it will continue to rise.  We know that most young people buy their cigarettes themselves. This is not some great conspiracy where adults are out supplying kids. These are young people walking into these stores or getting access to a vending machine and buying it themselves. We know we can cut down this abuse, we know we can cut down this access, if we have stronger, better laws. More enforcement, though, of the existing laws, is certainly the first place to start.  FDA evidence indicates, if we thoroughly enforce the compliance laws of the United States, we can significantly reduce teenage smoking. We can do it without entering into some of the more extensive proposals that were entertained just weeks ago here. We can do it by providing the resources of the FDA to support the States so they can both educate their salespeople in retail categories and also to ensure that we are checking on what they are doing.  This is a terribly lucrative product. Talking to convenience store owners, many of them indicated this is the most lucrative product they have in their stores in terms of the margin on the sales they make. There is tremendous incentive to backslide, to ignore the regulations, to do anything you can to make these sales, to do anything you can to avoid the laws against selling tobacco products to minors. Unless we check them, unless we supervise them, unless we give real incentives to the States to do that, that is exactly what will happen, because that is exactly what is happening today.  We have to, I think, find a way, not just each year coming to this floor and arguing for additional resources, but in the future I hope we can find a way to permanently fund sufficient resources to fully implement State laws and other provisions that will curtail the access to tobacco products by young people. But today we have the opportunity, the real opportunity, to provide more resources so we can do in deeds what we all say in words we want done: To stop young people from buying tobacco products, to give them a chance to grow up, to give them a chance later, if they wish, as adults, to make a decision about smoking.  This is the moment for us to stand up and to literally put our money where our mouth is. I urge passage of the amendment, and I yield back my time.  