President, I rise to express my support for the conference report on the IRS reform legislation, but also to raise concerns about several provisions in the bill.  Mr. President, I believe this legislation goes a long way in making a number of important organizational and management reforms at the IRS that will enable the agency to become more efficient and taxpayer-friendly. Such steps are welcome and should help to address the concerns of millions of taxpayers. In addition, the bill includes provisions to encourage electronic filing and promote the use of digital signatures--advances which will substantially improve tax administration for filers and the IRS.  However, Mr. President, I am concerned about the long-term cost of provisions in the bill that will make it easier for the wealthiest Americans to convert traditional IRAs to Roth IRAs which allow tax-free withdrawals. Under last year's budget agreement, individuals with an annual adjusted gross income of less than $100,000 are permitted to convert traditional IRAs into Roth IRAs. Currently, individuals over the age of 70\1/2\ must withdraw a minimum amount from an IRA each year and these withdrawals count toward the income threshold for conversion to a Roth IRA. Provisions in the conference report, however, would exclude required annual withdrawals when determining an individual's eligibility to convert a traditional IRA into a Roth IRA. As a result, some of America's wealthiest will be able to rollover large IRA balances into Roth IRAs, thus exempting themselves and their heirs from future taxes.  While the Roth IRA provisions will raise tax revenues initially because they will encourage taxable conversions, the long-term costs resulting from foregone revenue will be significant. In fact, in recognition of this issue, the conferees delayed implementation of the conversion provision until 2005, thereby putting the revenue losses outside of the 10-year budget scoring window.  Mr. President, I am also concerned about provisions that reduce the holding period for investments from 18 months to 12 months to qualify for a lower capital gains rate. In the Taxpayer Relief Act passed in 1997, Congress reduced the capital gains tax rate, but lengthened the holding period necessary to take advantage of the new lower rate. It was thought that lengthening the holding period would discourage churning, and encourage long-term savings and investment. By reducing the holding period, we are abandoning one important condition of last year's capital gains reduction, and we may be encouraging short-term profit-taking at the expense of long-term investment. I believe such a provision is unwise and costly in view of the dismally low savings rate which currently exists in the U.S.  Finally, I am concerned that the conferees knowingly failed to close a loophole accidentally created in the Taxpayer Relief Act which benefits several hundred of the wealthiest Americans. Specifically, the loophole benefits the heirs of individuals whose estates are worth more than $17 million, saving each estate approximately $200,000 in taxes. The cost of this loophole is $880 million over 10 years. In view of its significant cost and limited benefit, I believe the conferees should have used the IRS reform legislation as an opportunity to close this loophole, not affirm it.  Again, Mr. President, on balance I believe this is a good bill. However, I would hope that my colleagues consider the concerns I have raised whenthe Senate debates tax legislation in the future.  