President, before this body today is my amendment which would deny the deductibility of advertising expenses to the tobacco industry if they did not follow the FDA rules with respect to advertising.  The FDA, after very careful rulemaking, promulgated a series of rules which would proscribe advertising directed at children. Among these rules are limiting tobacco billboards to a distance further than 1,000 feet from a school. It will require the publication of advertisements in youth-oriented magazines to be in black and white text only. It would dispense with some of the other staples of advertising that the industry is using.  As the Senator from North Dakota has pointed out and as I pointed out in my remarks last Friday, there is clear, convincing, overwhelming evidence that for decades the tobacco industry has deliberately, relentlessly, and ruthlessly targeted children in their advertising. It is not an accident. It is not a coincidence. It is not the collateral effect of trying to reach the 21- to 25-year-old market. It is very purposeful, very deliberate, and, regrettably, very effective.  In the course of the debate over the last several weeks we have taken diversions through many different areas. We are talking about tax policy. We are talking about child care policy. We are talking about how we spend these resources, whether this is an inappropriate tax. I think it is helpful to refocus why we are here. We are here because the tobacco industry, as I mentioned before, has, over decades, targeted young people for their advertising. They are attempting, and succeeding too well, to literally entice young people as young as 12 and 13 years old into smoking cigarettes and using other tobacco products.  I think that is wrong. I think the vast majority of the Americans think that is wrong. I think the vast majority of my colleagues in the Senate feel it is wrong. We can do something about it. As we have discussed all of these different issues of tax policy, fiscal policy, regulatory policy, it sometimes helps to remind all of us what the industry is doing.  I had a very graphic reminder sent to me by one of my constituents from Rhode Island. I mentioned this last week. This is a very slick, sophisticated, mailing piece, sent to his son, a 16-year-old junior in high school. I have blown it up here so the audience can see in larger detail what I am talking about. Again, this was sent to a 16-year-old. It was sent addressed to him, personally. It wasn't ``occupant,'' or ``resident.'' It was addressed to him.  As a first point, I can recall as a youngster when I ever got mail it was a big occasion. To think that someone would actually want to send me a letter, particularly a big company like the Brown & Williamson Tobacco company was a big occasion.  The first part of it grabs your attention: ``We know you like it loud.'' How do they know they like it loud? Because he essentially was contacted and solicited because this young man went to a rock concert which Brown & Williamson sponsored the preceding summer. This is not coincidence, either. Their decision to sponsor a rock concert that attracts, as the father said in the letter, a majority of the audience being 18 or younger, much younger in some cases, was very deliberate. It wasn't spur of the moment. They sat around a conference room on Wall Street and Madison Avenue saying, ``How do we get our target population? How do we reach them and make contact with them? And, oh, by the way, how do we draw them into this addiction of smoking?''  So he received this mailing at home. You open it up. It is three dimensional. I know in the course of some of my campaigns I have used them in mailings to my constituents. This is a very expensive, very professional, and very sophisticated mailing. It is a very targeted mailing.  Then you read the narrative. ``You like it loud''; and ``very, very smooth.'' ``Kick back today and enjoy a bold treat. Refreshing menthol, and a coupon to save you some change. Relax with Kool, and slip into something smooth.''  You are overwhelmed by this message. The message is not about the statistics, or the smoking, or the dangers of smoking, the information he or she would want as a rationale consumer if he or she were making a decision to smoke. You are being overwhelmed by I would argue misinformation. Oh, yes, there is the required Surgeon General warning here. ``Warning: Smoking greatly increases serious risk to your health.''  If you are 16 years old, do you really believe that, when everything else is talking about your favorite rock group, talking about how ``we support'' that rock group in the concert, how you are part of this ``loud'' generation, how you like it ``smooth'' personally directed to you? I don't think so. And the most ironic part of all of this is this message says ``quitting smoking'' will help your health. This message down here says, ``We will give you a buck, kid, if you buy two packs of our cigarettes.'' What a deal.  This is what we are talking about in this tobacco bill. We are talking about an industry that has deliberately, repeatedly attempted to market the kid shamelessly; without shame.  This took place 6 months ago at the same time they were talking about their arrangement with the attorneys general; at the same time they knew we were going to be debating tobacco legislation on the floor of the U.S. Senate. And yet they continued to try to sell their ware to kids.  You know, people get addicted to cigarettes. I think the industry is addicted to children. They just can't leave them alone. They just have to keep selling to them, even when common sense would say let off while the smoke clears. No pun intended. They can't stop because their customer base is hooking these kids. You hook a 16-year-old child, and that is 10, 20, 30 years of customer for your brand. Of course, we know that one out of three of these children will die prematurely. We know that 5 million people under 18 years of age today will die prematurely because they are addicted to cigarettes and other tobacco. But they don't want you to know that. They want you to think this is cool, this is smooth, and there is the whole adult world opening up for you. ``You can be as successful and as attractive and as desirable as any rock star. You just have to smoke our cigarettes.'' That is wrong.  This is just one example of what goes on. It is ubiquitous throughout. This is a promotion by Winston. Winston's, by the way, are the new health food of America. You see their ads. Smoking it is like eating health food; no additives; no anything; it is macrobiological; whatever. Again, they are taking an approach now with their campaign, which is making their product look like it is healthy for you; it is what you would buy if you were a research scientist trying to develop the best diet in the world. But they have sponsorship for NASCAR racing, which is a venerable tradition in this country. For the Winston Cup, they are sponsoring it. Not all; you could not argue that all of the people who attend these races are young people. But we also must recognize that this is a very attractive event for young people. There must be something here.  I read a few weeks ago in the New York Times that Mattel, Inc., is thinking of creating a NASCAR Barbie doll, the most popular toy in the world, because they figured it out, too. There are lots of young girls who are attracted to this whole scene of NASCAR racing and a NASCAR Barbie is going to be a very popular toy. The same type of calculations that are going on at Mattel are going on in some cases up in the cigarette headquarters of the world. But one should say, of course,that the Barbie doll is a much more benign figure in American life than cigarettes. But this is ubiquitous. Our children are being subjected to this constantly.  My amendment simply says, listen, the FDA, after rulemaking at length, has come up with very reasonable restraints on tobacco advertising. If you follow those restraints, you will receive your full deduction. But if you violate them, you will lose your deduction. I believe most of my constituents would say the same thing, that we should not be subsidizing the tobacco industry as they attempt to lure our children into smoking. The industry spends about $5.9 billion a year on advertising. We kick back, if you will, about $1.6 billion through the deduction. That is money that, I think, is poorly spent. But as long as the industry is willing to refrain from targeting children I don't think we can object because it is available to other industries. But if they persist in targeting children and not following FDA regulations, then I believe we should act very strongly, very vigorously, and deny them this deduction.  By the way, too, independently, my amendment would not restrict speech whatsoever. Of course we have tobacco concerned any time the Government attempts to invoke any type of restriction on speech. But taken by itself, my amendment would simply say you can say anything you want. You can even promote your product using this. But don't charge the Government for your deduction. You can do it on your own money.  My amendment has been criticized on a couple of points, which I would like to respond to. First, there are many of my colleagues who say we shouldn't really do anything unless it is voluntary, because, if we do, the tobacco industry will sue us and we will be tied up in court for 10 years.  The reality is the tobacco industry is already suing the FDA, and not just the tobacco industry, but the advertising interests are all there, and it is absolutely their right. They feel strongly that not only commercial interests are at stake but also constitutional interests. But to deflect or defer from doing something today vigorously about tobacco access to children simply because we might be sued is absolutely, I think, an implausible and inappropriate comment. We will be sued perhaps, but we have to act to ensure that we do what is right for the children of America.  The other approach is suggesting that the Supreme Court decisions place a much higher standard when you come to restricting commercial speech. Specifically, the case of 44 Liquormart, Inc. versus Rhode Island. I feel somewhat familiar with the case. It originated in my home State. Actually it originated and the legislation was passed in 1956 in Rhode Island. Although I served in the assembly in Rhode Island, I was not there in 1956. I was in grammar school in 1956. But this legislation that Rhode Island passed prevented the publication of price information with respect to liquor advertising.  Stepping back a bit, I think the judges probably got the same sense that I did when I read the statute in this case and realized what might be afoot; that it is equally likely that this legislation was passed 40 years ago not so much to increase temperance in Rhode Island but simply to prevent discount liquor stores from encroaching on established liquor stores. So right away, there is a suspicion about the underlying statute in 44 Liquormart.  But, first, let me say something about that case. The Supreme Court reaffirmed the doctrine associated with Central Hudson, which is the leading case on commercial speech, and they said essentially one may restrict commercial speech, first, if it is unlawful; or, it misrepresents significantly the product. Even if it doesn't do so, one may restrict it if there is a substantial governmental interest at stake. The legislation directly affects that interest. And the means are no more restrictive than necessary to accomplish the governmental interests. So the Central Hudson test is in place and remains.  In 44 Liquormart, the Court found essentially that the State of Rhode Island made no showing that their proposed legislation materially and directly advanced the goal of decreasing the consumption of alcohol. In fact, there was no evidence submitted in the record to show that this would have any effect at all on alcohol consumption in the State of Rhode Island. Alternatively, the Court discussed the fact that there were other means possibly available that had not even been used. On those factual bases, together with the Central Hudson doctrine, they declared that the statute was impermissible encroachment on commercial speech.  The case is much different here. The FDA has established a record that advertising decisively affects children's choices to begin to smoke cigarettes, and by maintaining appropriate restrictions on advertising, we can, in fact, directly affect the behavior of children with respect to cigarettes. This is not based upon whimsy. The FDA relied on at least two major studies: a study at the Institute of Medicine in 1994, and the Surgeon General's report in 1994. Both concluded that advertising was an important factor in young people's tobacco use. Moreover, these reports indicated that advertising restrictions must be a part of any meaningful approach to reduce underage smoking.  So this is not a situation of trying something that has not been tested or has not been tried by other means. Their conclusion authoritatively is that these types of restrictions must be in place.  I should also remind you that we have tried other ways to moderate the consumption of tobacco products in this country. In the early 1970s, we banned television advertising of tobacco products.  But as Robert Pitofsky, the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission, pointed out, what happened is the industry simply shifted to other forms of advertising. When I was a kid back in the 1950s and the 1960s, you would see TV advertising, but you would be very, very shocked if you could have a record of direct mail pieces sent to 16-year-olds, as happens today. And the sponsorship of NASCAR racing--all of these things are a direct result. In fact, cigarette advertising has exploded. From 1975 to 1995, 20 years, it has increased manyfold--going into not only these types of promotions, but also all the gadgets and all the other rigmarole that the industry is promoting.  This is a Camel cash collectible. Now you can get Joe Camel T-shirts, and Joe Camel lighters, and Joe Camel dart boards, and Joe Camel posters, and Joe Camel everything--wristwatches, you name it. That, too, is part of the ubiquitous promotion of tobacco. And although it says very precisely, ``Offer restricted to smokers 18 years of age or older,'' I dare say I see more kids with Joe Camel T-shirts and bicycle caps and things like that than I do 40-year-olds, 30-year-olds, or even 20-year-olds.  So what the intent is, we will let the consumer decide.  Furthermore, when the FDA promulgated its regulations, they went on very clearly to state what was happening here.       Collectively, the studies show that children and      adolescents are widely exposed to, aware of, respond      favorably to, and are influenced by cigarette advertising.      One study found that 30 percent of 3-year-olds and 91 percent      of 6-year-olds identified Joe Camel as a symbol of smoking.  Thirty percent of 3-year-old toddlers knew that Joe Camel, that cuddly cartoon character, was associated with smoking. Ninety-one percent of 6-year-olds, in the first grade of school, might not know their ABCs, but they know that Joe Camel and smoking go together.  That is not good. That is what we are talking about here, and that is why, unless we effectively and dramatically affect the advertising of tobacco products to children, we will never turn the table on this epidemic of smoking among young people.  Mr. President, I have other comments I wish to make, but I notice that my colleague, the Senator from South Dakota, is here, and I yield the floor.  