President, I rise in support of the Conference Report on H.R. 1385, the Workforce Investment Act of 1998.  In a world where economic activity knows no national boundaries, it is crucial we ensure that we have the most knowledgeable and best trained workers in the world.  As a member of the Conference Committee on H.R. 1385, I am pleased that the Conference Agreement before us today will help us reach this goal by streamlining and reforming job training, adult education, and vocational rehabilitation programs, while enhancing federal support and investment in these critical areas.  The Conference Agreement will help states implement a more coherent, performance-driven system to ensure that Americans receive the training and education they need throughout their lives.  The Conference Agreement will streamline services by establishing a one-stop delivery system; enhance accountability by requiring states, local boards, and training providers to meet higher performance measures; provide more reliable information on local career opportunities and training programs and providers; empower individuals to use individual training accounts to choose their own training programs and providers; and increase flexibility to allow states and local areas to implement innovative job training programs.  I am also particularly pleased that this Conference Agreement includes provisions which will benefit my home state of Rhode Island, such as preserving the state's successful service delivery area structure.  In addition to job training reform, the Conference Agreement also improves the accessibility and quality of adult literacy and education programs. Indeed, more aggressive adult literacy programs are essential if we are to ensure that everyone in the workforce has an ability to read.  Lastly, the Conference Agreement reauthorizes the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. In doing so, it links vocational rehabilitation to the new workforce system, while maintaining a separate funding stream for vocational rehabilitation. This will provide improved training and employment services to individuals with disabilities.  I want to thank Chairman Jeffords, Senator Kennedy, Senator DeWine, and Senator Wellstone, and their staffs, for their efforts on this important legislation and for working with me to address issues affecting Rhode Island.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  