This section proposes to amend the State Student Incentive Grant Program, the SSIG Program.  I first want to recognize Senator Abraham's efforts on behalf of this legislation and to underscore that I understand the issue the Senator is attempting to address is the lack of suitable training in our country to provide the types of scientists and engineers which this legislation hopes to attract through immigration policies. But I would object to the importation of the SSIG Program into this legislation; to pull SSIG in is inappropriate.  We all recognize we do have to educate and train more Americans to take up these high-tech jobs, but this immigration bill is not the right vehicle, and the SSIG Program is not the right approach to simply target high-tech training in the United States.  I would like to briefly set the record straight with respect to SSIG, its status, and I hope its future.  First, the State Student Incentive Grant Program is within the jurisdiction of the Labor and Human Resources Committee. We have been considering its reformation and improvement over the last several months, and we have made progress in that regard. We are on the verge, after deliberation in the committee, of bringing a bill to the floor which will make significant improvements to SSIG.  I would like to also point out that the State Student Incentive Grant Program was initiated back in 1972 by Senator Jacob Javits of New York. It was created not as a way to bootstrap high-tech learning in the United States, but to meet a critical deficiency--the need to provide resources to low-income students to enable them to go to college in a vast array of programs, letting them make the decision of where their talent will carry them, but giving them the resources to go to college and stay in college.  In its more than 20-year history, it has been a remarkably effective program. It takes Federal dollars and offers a one-for-one dollar match with the States to provide need-based grants to students. It has no federal overhead. It delivers money in the form of grants to low-income students that need these resources to go on to college.  Now, if we are talking about providing more opportunities for Americans to be scientists, to be engineers, to do all the things that we want them to do and not have to rely upon foreign nationals coming into our country, SSIG is the wrong place to start. We should be starting in the elementary and secondary schools. We should be recognizing that in many of our schools, particularly low-income urban schools with high minority enrollments, 50 percent of those students are likely to have a science or math teacher who never concentrated on science or math in college. And that is one reason we are not developing, here in the United States, those skills necessary for this high-tech age. So, if we are really interested in having Americans qualify to take these jobs, bringing SSIG into this bill, hijacking it, Shanghaiing it into this bill is not going to do it. We have to start early and consistently to reach young people.  I believe we have made progress in this regard. We have made progress, both in terms of identifying the need to improve elementary and secondary education, and, as I mentioned before, we have made progress working closely with my colleague, the Senator from Maine, Senator Collins, to improve SSIG. We have introduced, with 17 other Senators, a bipartisan proposal to reform SSIG. It is called the LEAP Act. This proposal will create a two-tiered proposal: Up to $35 million, there will continue to be a one-for-one match of Federal dollars to State dollars; but when we go beyond that amount, we will allow the States a great deal more flexibility, flexibility that they will have to recognize by matching $2 for every one Federal dollar. But within that more flexible regime of options, we have actually built in, at the request of Senator Abraham, the ability of States to develop scholarship programs that are targeted to mathematics and computer science and engineering. In effect, working very closely with the Senator, who is sincerely committed to improving the quality of education throughout this country, we have done in the LEAP Act in the Labor Committee what is purported to be done here in this legislation.  Now, we are concerned--frankly, I am concerned--that if we act in this immigration bill, we might upset the progress we have made to date on the LEAP Act. We might, in fact, compromise its fundamental commitment not to one specific sector of study but to a broader social purpose--of giving low-income students the chance to go on to college.  I hope we will not do that. I feel very strongly about SSIG. I felt very strongly last year--again, working with Senator Collins from Maine. We came to the floor, we literally saved this program from extinction with an overwhelming vote of 84 to 4 to maintain appropriations for SSIG. Having, in a sense, given renewed life to this legislation, I want the opportunity, with my colleagues, to ensure that we continue this program as a need-based program and not at this moment, for convenience, for an attempt to respond to a legitimate concern about training high-tech personnel, to distort the purpose, the goals, and the future of SSIG.  I think, working together with my colleagues, we can maintain the integrity of SSIG and we can also, using the Higher Education Act, strengthen it, reform it, and make it adaptable and make it accessible to a new generation of American students.  I have had the opportunity to work with Senator Abraham. We have, I think, mutual appreciation of the need for SSIG. I hope, working with him over the next several weeks as this measure goes forward, and given his commitment to work together on this whole topic of the State Student Incentive Grant Program--I am prepared at this moment to seek unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment.  