President, I rise today in support of the Lautenberg-DeWine amendment, and I commend both Senators for this excellent amendment. It would, as previous speakers have discussed, establish a .08 blood alcohol concentration level, or BAC level, as a threshold for driving under the influence throughout the United States.  As we all know, drunk driving is a scourge on the highways of the United States of America. It is something that we are all against. This legislation would take a very positive step to ensure that all States provide for a very rigorous .08 blood alcohol content standard as their measure of driving under the influence of alcohol.  This law builds on previous success. Since 1986, alcohol-related fatalities on our roads have decreased by 28 percent. That is a result of the efforts of many, many people. It is the result of tougher laws, increased enforcement, public education, and particularly the work of Mothers Against Drunk Driving, who have done so much to illustrate this problem and reach policymakers throughout the United States. Although we are proud of this success, we can and must do more.  In 1996, more than 17,000 people were killed because of drunk driving. Now, these deaths are not accidents because these are tragedies that could have been avoided--many of them--if we had tougher laws and better enforcement. That is what we are about today. We are trying to declare throughout this country that we have a tough standard for those who would drink and drive, a standard that would save lives throughout this country in every community.  I don't think any of my colleagues would like to say to a family who lost a loved one and tell them, ``Well, the standard of .10 was OK,'' because in that situation it's not OK. We can do better. We know these laws work, and we want to make them work much, much better.  In essence, the .08 blood alcohol concentration standard means fewer deaths on the roads of America, fewer driving fatalities, fewer young people cut down in the prime of their lives, and it means a safer America. That is what we should stand for today.  Currently, 15 States already have adopted a .08 blood alcohol concentration standard. A recent study by Boston University showed that these States experienced a 16 percent decline in fatal driver crashes where the driver's BAC was .08 or greater. Already these States have shown that this standard saves lives. And we can do better.  It is estimated that nationally, if we adopt the .08 standard, we can save between 500 and 600 lives a year. Those are impressive statistics. But lives alone are not at stake. Each year drunk driving accidents cost this country $45 billion. That is six times more than we spend on Pell grants. We can do better. We can save lives. We can save resources. We can make our world much, much safer.  There are those who argue that this would put a huge constraint on law-abiding Americans who occasionally will have a drink and then drive. That is something I don't think is true at all because under this standard a 170-pound man must consume more than four drinks in an hour on an empty stomach to reach this BAC. A woman of 135 pounds would have to consume three drinks. That is not social drinking. That is drinking irresponsibly, and then getting into an automobile.  This law will not affect the reasonable, rational, careful, deliberate person who may have one social drink or two and then drive. In fact, the American Medical Association said that really the beginning of impairment is not .08, it is .05 blood alcohol content. So this standard is far from what medical experts would argue is the beginning of deterioration of motor skills when one drives an automobile. We can do better. We have to recognize today that we must do better.  There are those of my colleagues who have suggested that this proposal is an improper infringement on the prerogatives of the States. First of all, we have taken positive steps before in this land. For example, just a few years ago we adopted through congressional action a zero-tolerance policy that would say for young people driving that the blood alcohol content was basically zero, that they should have no drinks if they are driving an automobile, and we have seen success already.  Mr. President, we have already seen the success of our zero-tolerance policy throughout the United States, a policy that was promulgated through Congress and adopted by many States, where fatalities at night by younger drivers have dropped 16 percent in States that are following the zero-tolerance policy.  So this law and this approach is not an impermissible imposition on the States. It is a rational, reasonable way to encourage what is the right thing to do. It is small comfort that if one State, such as my State of Rhode Island, adopts this standard but it is not adopted next door in Massachusetts or Connecticut, and someone in Massachusetts comes speeding into my State. That is not a States' rights issue. That is an issue of interstate commerce, of national economy, of national highways that reach every corner of this country regardless of State lines. We don't stop the national highways at the State lines. We shouldn't stop good, sensible bills that will control drunk driving in this country at the State lines.  I urge passage of this legislation, and again commend Senators Lautenberg and DeWine for their excellent effort.  I yield my time.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  