President, I rise today to express my support for the Conference Report on S. 1150, the Agricultural, Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998. Certainly, there are a number of important issues addressed in this bill, but none more critical than the provisions that would restore food stamp benefits to many elderly, children, and disabled legal immigrants.  While I am pleased that over 70 Senators joined the effort to bring this Conference Report to the floor, I am disappointed that action on such an important and bipartisan bill has been needlessly delayed. My colleagues have demonstrated overwhelming support for this Conference Report.  Like many of my colleagues, I was deeply concerned about provisions of the 1996 welfare reform law which denied benefits to legal immigrants, particularly children, the disabled, and the elderly. The welfare reform law was necessary to help people move from dependency to work, but it was not perfect. That is why we worked to restore Supplemental Security Income and Medicaid to legal immigrants in last year's balanced budget agreement.  With the Agricultural Research Conference Report, we take another important step to address the needs of our most vulnerable legal immigrants. Some states, including my home state of Rhode Island, have provided temporary benefits to fill the void created by the welfare reform law, but a permanent and uniform federal solution is needed for this group of immigrants.  Under the Conference Report, food stamp benefits would be restored to those legal immigrants who were in the United States when the welfare reform law went into effect on August 22, 1996, if they met certain conditions such as: (1) they are or become disabled; (2) they are children; or (3) they were over 65 years old at the time the welfare reform law was enacted. In addition, the Conference Report restores food stamp eligibility to Hmong immigrants. While this Conference Report does not restore benefits to all legal immigrants, it is a positive and essential first step.  Mr. President, our nation has prospered from the tremendous contributions of immigrants who have strengthened our economy and brought vitality to our communities. Today, we have the opportunity to restore benefits to children, elderly, and disabled legal immigrants--many of whom have worked and paid U.S. taxes. I urge my colleagues to oppose the motion to recommit and support the Conference Report on S. 1150.  