President, today we have voted to move to consideration of the Bankruptcy Act. One of the sad but true causes of so many bankruptcies of families throughout this country is the fact that they are overwhelmed by medical bills. Now, this is obvious when it comes to those people without insurance, because for those people, getting sick in America not only means being ill, it also very often means going broke.  But one of the other aspects that is startling to so many is that many families with insurance, particularly health maintenance organization insurance, find themselves in similar situations where the insurance they paid for, they thought they bargained for, evaporates when they actually have a health care crisis.  That is why it is so very, very important to engage in a thorough debate and legislative action with respect to the Patients' Bill of Rights. I join all of my colleagues in issuing a challenge to the leadership of this body to bring up the Patients' Bill of Rights so we can debate it, we can consider it, and hopefully we can pass it.  Indeed, we should be here tonight debating this worthy measure, or the minimum wage, as my colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, has suggested, because that is truly the people's business. When I go back to Rhode Island, people are concerned about many things, but they are mostconcerned about the status of the health care and about whether or not working families in my State and across this country can provide for themselves.  The Patients' Bill of Rights, the legislation that we should be debating tonight, is about applying fair rules of the game to health care. When it comes to health care, consumers should get the health care they pay for and they should get it when they need it. But sadly, this is not always the case. In many cases, it is the exception to the rule. It is time for this Congress to accept the President's challenge and pass legislation to enact guarantees for quality health care in this country and important consumer protections.  The Patients' Bill of Rights introduced by Democratic leader Daschle, protects patients' rights, while the opposing version introduced by Senator Lott and Senator Nickles leaves too many loopholes and does not provide adequate protections for consumers. By addressing only self-funded, non-ERISA plans, the Lott-Nickles bill excludes 113 million Americans from the protections that are necessary, and, indeed, if you follow the logic of their bill, if a portion of Americans need protection in their health care plan, if a portion of Americans need these protections from insurance companies that are too much oriented toward the bottom line and not quality health care, why should all Americans in private health care plans not have these protections?  That is what the Daschle bill does. It would provide coverage for all 161 million Americans who aren't privately insured. This bill submitted by Leader Daschle provides full protection to patients, including, for example, access to specialists, pediatric specialists for children, coverage for emergency services, an internal and an independent external appeals process, and allowing patients to hold health plans accountable in court.  All of these protections are important to the health and well-being of all Americans. And all of these protections deserve full debate and consideration on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Now, an offer of a single vote on the bill with an extremely limited opportunity for amendments is not the full, vigorous debate that this issue requires--in fact, that this issue demands. The health care of the American people is too important to try to squeeze in between other issues here on the floor of the Senate. I think we should move today to bring up this legislation, debate it vigorously, pass it and send it forward. Our colleagues in the other body have done so. Now the challenge is with this body to move forward deliberately and purposefully to pass protections that will ensure quality health care and access to all Americans.  There is a particular aspect of this debate that I am extremely interested in, which is ensuring that there are adequate protections in managed care plans for children. Too often, children are ignored in the preparation of these plans. Too often, pediatric illnesses are relegated to just another variation of adult illnesses. Too often, children are just seen through these lenses as smaller adults when, in fact, pediatric care is a very specialized part of the health care delivery system. And too often, parents discover that what they bargain for and what they thought they had in terms of protections evaporate when their child is ill.  Earlier this year I introduced my own legislation that would ensure that children are not left out of this great debate about managed care, that children would, in fact, be the focal point of very specific procedures within managed care plans, that there would be access to pediatric specialists. A family could choose a pediatrician as a primary care provider, and pediatric specialists would evaluate outcomes relative to children. In working with the pediatric hospitals and with the American Academy of Pediatrics, I have come to understand the very specialized care that is necessary to deliver such care to children. Without such care, illnesses that may have been treated successfully and cheaply in children become traumatic and complicated illnesses that are more expensive and more threatening to the health of this child and later to that adult.  My words are less compelling than the words of the people in my home State of Rhode Island who have dealt with this health care morass. A few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to share a podium with Dr. Karen LaMorge. She detailed the problems she had in getting adequate health care for her father and the fact that the insurance company would not provide a second opinion, and they would not make easy referrals to specialists. One of the great ironies of her story is that Dr. LaMorge is a podiatrist and, in fact, a member of the professional panels of this particular HMO. Now, she, a skilled professional, a provider herself, cannot easily and quickly get adequate care for her father.  What happens to the average citizen who confronts this morass of regulations and rules and consents and approvals and daily calls and tracking down people to give the right approval? It becomes a daunting experience. Many, many Americans simply get exhausted trying to get basic health care for their families and themselves. Some give up. Others press on, enduring huge costs in time, efforts and energy. That is not the way our health care system should operate.  With the Patients' Bill of Rights, we will go a long way toward ensuring that it doesn't operate that way, that there is an opportunity for high-quality care that is accessible and, indeed, also affordable, because, frankly, there is a lot of money being spent by these health care plans on administrators and bureaucrats. Maybe more could be directed to health care and to the American citizens.  There is a particular aspect of this which I find particularly compelling, and I mentioned it before; that is, the aspect of pediatric health care. A few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to visit the Hassenfeld Children's Cancer Center at New York University Hospital in New York City. There I saw the care they are giving to dying children. I heard from the frontline professionals, the social workers, nurses, doctors, about the daily frustrations they face and endure in trying to get adequate care for these children from HMOs. The idea that they would spend days trying to get hospice care for a child who is dying, the idea that they would have to get daily approval and reapprovals for a course of treatment that is clear and obvious and has been prescribed is just an example of the state of this system, which is, in many respects, a crisis for so many families in this country.  We can do better. We must do better. But we can only do that if we have the will. We must bring this legislation to the floor. We must bring this legislation to this floor promptly. There are few days left, but in those days it is our obligation to serve the interests of the American people. At the top of their list is a more rational, more appropriate health care system. We are within striking distance of that, if we just act.  As I mentioned before, the other body has acted. It is our responsibility, our turn to step up to the plate and to get a greater hit than even Mark McGwire, because this hit will ensure that every family in America has good access to health care and will help that process to continue along. We should stay here tonight and every night and not simply make speeches with respect to this underlying bankruptcy bill, but actively debating and actively voting on, in a robust, wide-open debate, HMO protections for the people of America. As Senator Kennedy suggested, we should also take up the minimum wage because that, too, is a way to address the real problems that face America.  I hope that our resolution tonight would be to take up these measures, debate them fairly and honestly, and to vote and give the American people what they so desperately want and deserve--a health care system that works for them, and for those low-income working Americans a decent wage which will lift them out of poverty. I hope we do that. Certainly I think I and my colleagues will continue to urge that action on this Senate, and hopefully these words will take heart and take hold.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brownback). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  