President.  I believe the Senator from Iowa has introduced a very worthy amendment that is consistent with the overall thrust of the legislation to provide more affordable access to college for hundreds of thousands of American students. I hope that his amendment will prevail.  It also, I believe, compliments many other portions of this legislation which is particularly directed at providing more opportunities for Americans to go on to higher education.  One aspect that I think it compliments is the existing State Student Incentive Grant Program. This is a program that has been operating for years to provide Federal resources to local communities, to States, which they match dollar for dollar, which provides grants and work-study programs for students.  As you recall, last year this provision was threatened with extinction because of no appropriations. But we in the Senate were able to rally support by an overwhelming vote and restored this program. I am pleased to say that the legislation that we are debating today, the underlying bill, makes significant improvements in the State Student Incentive Grant Program. It strengthens it, provides more flexibility for the States. And I hope we will provide further support, not only here but in the other body, so that we can continue to fund this very worthy program.  Once again, this program, like the Senator's amendment, is designed to provide particularly low-income American students access to higher education, to make higher education more affordable.  Also, having this opportunity to speak briefly for a moment, I would like to point out another aspect of the underlying legislation which I think is very important, and that is the strengthened provisions for teacher education.  I was very pleased to note that many provisions of legislation introduced to strengthen teacher education have been incorporated in the underlying legislation. In particular, I was very pleased to introduce legislation under S. 1169, the Teacher Excellence in America Challenge Act, or the TEACH Act. This legislation was based upon a national commission to report what matters most, teaching in America, which essentially pointed out that we have a long way to go to ensure that every child in this country has a high-quality teacher in the classroom. Yet, we can take steps to get us to that worthy objective.  One step we can do is to force partnerships between schools of higher education and actually elementary and secondary schools and other participants, essentially incorporating a model of education much like medical education. We would never think about going to a physician that had no extensive clinical training, yet we send young teachers into the classroom that have barely weeks of actual classroom experience.  So I hope building on this commission's report, building on the language of this particular legislation, that we can improve dramatically the quality of education and teachers in this country.  Just as an aside, several weeks ago, Massachusetts conducted its first intensive testing of prospective teachers. They found, in a shocking way, that 59 percent of these teachers failed an examination which was designed to test a strong 10th grader, basically focusing on simple grammar, English, writing, and mathematics. This is a shocking indication of how far we have to go to improve teaching in America. And the underlying legislation has provisions which I have introduced separately which have been incorporated which will do that.  By and large, this is an excellent piece of legislation. I, of course, commend Senator Jeffords and Senator Kennedy for their leadership, and Senator Coats and Senator Dodd, and all the members of the committee. And, once again, I hope that we will quickly not only adopt the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, but also the underlying legislation which is a strong bipartisan attempt to further increase and strengthen the access to college for American students. In doing so, I think we will go a long way in keeping faith with a very important part not only of our country, but making sure that the future of our country is strong.  With that, I yield back my time.  