President, I rise to express my views on credit union commercial lending, as well as my support for the motion to table the Hagel amendment.  Mr. President, I generally support the ability of credit unions to engage in commercial lending. Indeed, I am aware that for many members, credit union loans are the only available sources of capital for business investment. Also, when considering banking industry consolidation and the potentially adverse implications to small business lending, I believe that commercial lending by credit unions has an important role.  However, Mr. President, commercial lending can significantly increase the risk profile of credit unions. This is evidenced by recent National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) data which illustrates that the delinquency rate on credit union business loans--3.1 percent--is more than three times the delinquency rate on credit unions' overall loan portfolio--0.97 percent.  More importantly, in 1991, my home state of Rhode Island experienced a credit union crisis that resulted from the failure of a state-chartered private deposit insurance corporation. This crisis affected one in five citizens and was predicated in part on excessive and risky commercial lending by privately-insured credit unions. Indeed, 13 of the state's credit unions were permanently closed, and the state had to seek federal assistance to repay depositors.  In view of these facts, I was pleased that the Banking Committee adopted an amendment to limit commercial lending by credit unions to 12.25 percent of outstanding loans. However, Mr. President, as reflected in my additional views to the Committee Report to H.R. 1151, I do not think this cap goes far enough. Specifically, I have argued that the cap is inadequate because it is significantly higher than the level of commercial lending that credit unions are currently engaged in--0.75 percent of outstanding loans. I have also argued that because loans under $50,000 are counted toward the 12.25 percent cap, credit unions could engage in commercial lending to a much greater extent than the limit imposed in the bill.  In response to concerns over commercial lending, Senators Hagel and Bennett have introduced this amendment to limit commercial lending to seven percent of outstanding loans. In addition, the amendment would count loans under $50,000 toward the cap and codify NCUA requirements that loan officers have at least two years of commercial lending experience. I would like to commend Senators Hagel and Bennett for their recognition of this issue and their attempt to address commercial lending concerns.  However, I believe the Hagel amendment goes too far. My specific concern is that it both significantly reduces the commercial lending cap, while also eliminating the $50,000 exemption. Taken together, these provisions could impose undue burdens on credit unions with outstanding commercial loans.  Because loans under $50,000 are not considered ``commercial" under current regulations, the NCUA does not keep data on these loans. As a result, we simply do not know what percentage of outstanding loans would be characterized as ``commercial'' under the Hagel amendment. Thus it is possible, and likely, that the percentage of commercial loans could increase dramatically if this amendment were passed, which could put many credit unions that would otherwise satisfy a seven percent cap in violation of the amendment, forcing them to withdraw from commercial lending.  As I indicated in our Committee's report, I believe the cap should bear a reasonable relationship to the amount of commercial lending that credit unions are currently engaged in. To the extent that the Hagel amendment creates uncertainty regarding existing commercial lending, we must be careful not to establish an overly-restrictive cap. While I expressed concernsabout the $50,000 exemption in my additional views, those concerns were tied to the higher lending cap of 12.25 percent.  Mr. President, a preferred approach to the Hagel amendment would be to reduce the aggregate lending cap, while retaining the $50,000 exemption. This approach would eliminate the uncertainty associated with the Hagel amendment, while establishing a meaningful limit on the future expansion of commercial lending.  