President.  I thank Senator Feingold for yielding the time, and I both thank and commend Senator Feingold and Senator McCain for their leadership on this very critical issue. They have been fighting a very lonely--at times lonely--but a very extraordinary battle for not only the reforming of our campaign system but, many suspect, the continued viability of our political system.  We have a campaign finance system in place, but that system has literally collapsed. The exceptions, the loopholes, the ingenious ways around, have in fact devoured the rules and we no longer really have a system of campaign finance. What we have is an all-out race for dollars, constantly, incessantly, and then an all-out escalation of spending and political campaigns which has left our constituents amazed and at times disgusted. We have a responsibility and an obligation to change this system today, with the opportunity to vote for very modest reform which will begin to, once again, make elections about ideas and policies, and not auctions to the highest bidder.  The McCain-Feingold compromise seeks to accomplish two basic goals: First, to ban the unlimited, unregulated gifts by corporations, wealthy individuals and labor unions to political organizations, the so-called soft money; second, to regulate the so-called issue advertisements which impact on campaigns and which are growing in frequency and in their emphasis impact on campaigns. By ending soft money contributions, we will do what we persistently have said we want to do, and that is to prevent corporations from participating directly in elections.  This is not radical reform, this is commonsense consistent reform that we thought we accomplished back in 1973 and 1974 with the original campaign finance reform system.  Second, this legislation would attempt to provide a modicum of control over the new phenomenon of the issue ads. They would require the disclosure of the contributions by these individuals and also indicate who is sponsoring these advertisements, or where they are getting their money. We haveseen, over the last several years, an amazing phenomenon--candidates are in a race and they are discussing the issues and, suddenly, out of nowhere, comes a mysterious advertisement on television attacking one or praising another. And they both claim that they had nothing to do with it. It is no longer their campaign. They are, in a sense, bystanders on issue advertisements and issue campaigns of which they themselves, many times, disclaim having any knowledge. All of this takes out of the hands of the candidates and, ultimately, the hands of the electorate, what should be at the heart of every election--a vigorous debate between individual candidates about their vision of the future of this country.  So we have to do these things. We have to ensure that our campaigns are not tainted by soft money and not overwhelmed by these issue advertisements. This is a problem that plagues both of our Houses. As Senator McCain pointed out, it is not just a situation with the Democrats or just with the Republicans; both sides are locked into this inexorable, it seems, race for dollars. In doing that, we have created a situation where the American people, in many cases, are increasingly disenchanted; they are voting less and less and are getting to the point of being contemptuous of the best political system the world has created to date.  We have to do this modest reform today. Frankly, this is just modest reform. There are many things that we could and should do that we are not even talking about today on the floor of the Senate. The States--the so-called laboratories of reform--are doing things today that we should be at least contemplating. In my own State of Rhode Island, we implemented voluntary spending limits with limited public financing. The States of Maine and New Jersey have done the same thing. The State of Vermont has implemented strict limits on candidate spending--legislation which directly challenges the Court's decision in Buckley v. Valeo, which I believe incorrectly equates money with speech.  In fact, I have introduced similar legislation in this body which would legislatively put limits on and legislatively force the Court to reevaluate Buckley v. Valeo. These are very aggressive steps that we should take. These are things we should do to ensure that our system is entirely resistant to the ravages of money that is affecting it today. But at least today we can stand up with Senators McCain and Feingold and say that we must stop the influence of soft money. We must at least have the disclosure rule behind these issue advertisements. This is the first step toward long-term campaign finance reform that will not only make races about ideas, but will, in fact, I believe, restore the faith of the American people in their system of government and what we do for them.  I yield back my time.  