President, I rise today to discuss my legislation S. 1755, legislation that would amend the Internal Revenue Code to deny tobacco companies any tax deduction for their advertising and promotional expenses when those expenses are directed at the most impressionable group in our society, children.  In a recent editorial in the Journal of the American Medical Association, Doctors C. Everett Koop, David Kessler, and George Lundberg wrote, ``For years the tobacco industry has marketed products that it knew caused serious disease and death. Yet, it intentionally hid this truth from the public, carried out a deceitful campaign designed to undermine the public's appreciation of these risks, and marketed its addictive products to children.''  Numerous studies have implicated the tobacco industry, their advertising and promotional activities, as a major cause in the continued increase in youth smoking throughout the United States in recent years. Research on smoking demonstrates that increases in youth smoking directly coincide with effective tobacco promotional activities.  My legislation, S. 1755, addresses this key element in an ongoing public debate about controlling youth smoking in the United States. My legislation could stand on its own, or it can easily be incorporated into comprehensive legislation, which is beginning to be considered here in the Senate. With or without congressional action on the Attorney General's proposal and suggested settlement which took place last summer, it is time for Congress to act now to stop the tobacco industry's practice of luring children into untimely disease and death.  I am pleased to have join me as cosponsors Senator Boxer, Senator Chafee, and Senator Conrad. I also want to recognize the leadership over many years of my colleagues, Senator Tom Harkin, along with former Senator Bill Bradley, who have in the past called for the total elimination of tax deductions for tobacco advertisers. While I concur with Senator Harkin that the deduction is a questionable use of our tax dollars, I would also like to emphasize that my legislation does not go that far.  My legislation is designed to eliminate this deduction if it is used deliberately, explicitly, and consciously to attract young people, children, to smoking. Limiting the access of children to smoking is a critical part ofany comprehensive tobacco settlement. My approach is a constitutionally sound way to do this. We have had discussions about the first amendment and the fact that the industry and others claim that only voluntary controls would be permissible under the first amendment. But it is quite clear under the first amendment that Congress has the authority and ability to limit tax deductions. So my legislation not only gets at one of the major issues involved in the debate over tobacco, it does so in a way which is completely consistent with the Constitution.  Now, the advertising restrictions I am talking about are generally those that were agreed to by the industry in their discussions with the Attorneys General. These restrictions have been incorporated in legislation which Senator Conrad introduced, and I joined as a cosponsor, along with 29 other Senators. S. 1638, provides for and codifies those restrictions that will go a long, long way in preventing youth access to smoking.  Now, under my legislation, if the manufacturers do not comply with these restrictions, if they choose to conduct the kind of reckless advertising campaigns they have in the past, then they would forfeit the deductibility of these expenses. Now, these restrictions are appropriately tailored to prevent the advertising and marketing of tobacco directed at young people in our society. These restrictions are very similar to those proposed by the Food and Drug Administration. Indeed, they are very close to those agreed to by the industry in the June 20 proposed settlement.  Key components of these restrictions are, first, a prohibition on point-of-sale advertising, except in adult-only stores and tobacco outlets; second, a ban on outdoor advertising; third, a prohibition on brand-name sponsorship of sporting or entertainment events; fourth, a prohibition on the use of human images, cartoon characters and cartoon-type characters in their advertising; fifth, no payments for ``glamorizing'' tobacco use in performances or in media that appeals to minors; sixth, requiring black and white text advertising and labeling so as not to heighten the appeal of cigarette products on the shelf; seventh, a prohibition on tobacco product identification on entries and teams in sporting events; finally, a prohibition on Internet advertising. These are very sensible, very thoughtful restrictions and, I must emphasize, should be essentially agreed to by the industry as their way of meeting the challenge of limiting access to cigarettes by young people in this society.  On numerous occasions, the industry has said: Well, unless we get full immunity, we will not voluntarily give up our right to advertise to children. Well, today I am offering an alternative that I think would persuade them that they should stop this advertising to children. This enforcement mechanism does not rely on their voluntary compliance. It simply recognizes the bottom line of these companies and says: If you want to persist in advertising to minors, then you will forfeit the ability to deduct these expenses from your tax bill.  Now, Mr. President, the importance of this issue is enormous. The facts speak for themselves. Today, some 50 million Americans are addicted to tobacco. One out of every three of these individuals will die prematurely because of their tobacco addiction. Three-fourths of present smokers today want to quit, but they can't because it is an addiction. Less than a quarter are able successfully to quit.  Tobacco is costly in terms of lives lost and in terms of the amount of resources consumed every year in this society, which literally goes up in smoke. It is estimated that in the United States alone over $100 billion a year is expended in health care costs and lost productivity.  Each pack of cigarettes sold generates about $3.90 in smoking-related costs to society. Tobacco accounts to more than $10 billion in costs a year to the Medicare system and $5 billion each year in terms of costs to the Medicaid system. In my home State of Rhode Island, the smallest State in the Union, health expenses related to smoking were estimated at about $186 million in 1996. These are staggering totals. The cost of smoking and lives lost and resources consumed is a serious, serious issue in this country. This problem clearly starts with children.  Ninety percent of adult smokers began to smoke before they were 18 years old. The average youth smoker begins at the age of 13 and becomes a daily smoker by the age 14\1/2\. You have young people as early as 13 beginning to smoke and within a year and a half many of them are hooked for the rest of their lives.  Each year, 1 million American children become smokers, and one-third of them will die from lung cancer, emphysema, and similar tobacco-related illnesses. Unless current trends are reversed, 5 million kids who are 18 and younger today will die prematurely because of smoking. You know, there has been a lot of attention has been paid to smoking, and we are finally seeing some positive results. There are many signs that adults are beginning to realize the dangers of smoking.  In my home State of Rhode Island, the adult rate of smoking is stabilizing. But, shockingly, smoking among high school students has increased by 25 percent. This is not an accident--the tobacco industry has targeted its advertising to lure children to smoke. It is a dilemma that companies face, when every year your customers die--and many die because of your products--you have to find replacements. For generations, the industry has targeted efficiently the children of this country.  Mr. President, this is a real nationwide public health crisis. I have a chart that depicts ``students who reported smoking,'' prepared by the University of Michigan. They found that daily smoking among seniors in high school increased from 17.2 percent in 1992 to 22.2 percent in 1996. It continued to climb to 24.6 percent in 1997, representing a 43 percent increase in daily smoking among our Nation's high school seniors over the past 5 years. At a time when we are all appalled at the health consequences of smoking, we are seeing an increase in smoking among high school seniors.  It is far too easy for children to buy these products. It is against the law in every State in this country to sell tobacco products to minors. Yet, it has been estimated that children buy $1.26 billion worth of cigarettes and other tobacco products each year.  More and more, we are learning that these children are beginning to smoke because of industry advertising and promotional efforts. A recent study by John Pierce and some of his colleagues in a Journal of the American Medical Association article found clear evidence that tobacco industry advertising and promotional activities can decisively influence children who have never smoked before, to begin smoking.  Among the findings, they found that tobacco industry promotional activities in the mid-1990s will influence almost 20 percent of those who turn 17 years of age each year to try smoking. At least 34 percent of youth experimentation with cigarettes is attributed to the advertising and promotion efforts of the tobacco industry.  They surveyed nonsmokers who were in high school, and they found that among nonsmokers, 56 percent had a favorite cigarette advertisement. They have been programmed--preprogrammed, if you will--to begin to smoke. Eighty-three percent of those nominated either Camel or Marlboro as their favorite ad. In fact, Camel was the favorite among children ages 12 and 13. Again, it is no wonder, because, as we all know, companies rely on cartoon characters like Joe Camel, giveaways of hats, T-shirts, and key chains, and promote recreational activities and sporting activities, targeting much of their efforts toward young people.  Industry advertising is consistent with the history of the tobacco industry, in terms of trying to deceptively promote their products, to make of their products appear to be something they never were and never will be. They are spending huge amounts of money to do so, and they have been doing it consistently. This is an industry whose record is one of irresponsibility toward children in our society. They have said in the settlement with the Attorneys General that they want to change their culture. They recognize the bad old days and they want to do something different. I think we have to seriously question whether or not this will take place, whether or not theywill do this, unless we impose significant restrictions on their ability to influence the young people of this country.  Now, the story of the tobacco industry is, in many cases, a story of advertising in the United States. If you approach someone my age and ask them, ``What does LSMFT mean?--and I see Senator Torricelli here, who probably would say of course he knows--younger people might think that it is gibberish. We all know that it means ``Lucky Strike Means Fine Tobacco.'' Now, to pull that out of your subconscious, if you are 40 years or older, just like that, is because it was drummed into us persistently through tobacco advertising. It was a little jingle or acronym that kids would recognize. Then, of course, we all remember, going back years, the slogan ``sold American.'' All of these are part of our culture. All of them program young people in particular to be receptive and welcoming to the suggestion that they should smoke.  (