President.  Mr. President, today I rise in strong support of the bipartisan compromise amendment offered by Senators McCain and Feingold. This would be reasonable but limited reform of our campaign finance system, reform that is long overdue.  This legislation would effectively change two very important issues with respect to campaign finance reform. First, it would ban soft money, those unlimited, unregulated gifts by corporations, wealthy individuals, and unions to political parties. The soft money issue has created a great crisis within the electoral system of the United States.  Second, the bill would require those who run broadcasts which expressly advocate the election or defeat of a candidate within a certain window, 30 days of a primary or 60 days of a general election, to play by the same rules applying to candidates and others who participate in political campaigns. Thus, organizations funding such broadcasts would have to disclose the individuals and political action committees which fund their advertisements.  This would curtail what has become an explosion throughout our American political system. Phony issue advertisements are unconstrained, cropping up suddenly, without attribution, to strike at candidates.  These are two very important reforms which must be implemented to preserve the integrity of our political system by inspiring within the American people confidence that we, in fact, are conducting elections and not auctions for public offices. I believe these provisions are very, very important.  Again, I commend both Senators McCain and Feingold for their efforts. I also commend my colleagues from the States of Vermont and Maine. Senator Jeffords and Senator Snowe are proposing another amendment which would help break the current gridlock we have on this legislation. The Snowe-Jeffords proposal also addresses the issue of phony advertising through better disclosure of those who are participating in campaigns. I think their efforts are commendable.  Frankly I prefer a much more robust form of campaign finance reform. I believe that at the heart of our problem is the Supreme Court decision of Buckley v. Valeo, which more than 20 years ago held that political campaign expenditures could not be limited. Frankly, I think the decision is wrong. Justice White, who dissented from that opinion and, by the way, was the only Member of that Court with any practical political experience, declared quite clearly that Congress has not only the ability but the obligation to protect the Republic from two great enemies--open violence and insidious corruption.  Indeed, the Court in Buckley did accept part of that reasoning by outlawing unlimited contributions to political campaigns, but they maintained that unlimited expenditures were constitutionally permissible.  I believe that we should go further than this bill proposes today. Indeed, we have practical examples within the United States of systems that do constrain contributions and expenditures in political campaigns.  I was interested to note that in Albuquerque, NM, since 1974, the mayor's campaign has been limited to an expenditure of $80,000, equivalent to the salary of the mayor. I know as I go around my home State of Rhode Island, people often ask why a candidate would spend more money in a campaign than he or she would receive in salary to hold that office. In Albuquerque, they took the rather interesting step of capping expenditures to the pay of the mayor.  It turns out that for the last 23 years, the Albuquerque system worked well. Unfortunately, last year the Albuquerque law was challenged in court under the Buckley v. Valeo theory. Up until last year, the municipal law was a model of not only good campaign finance practice but of also good electoral politics. A former mayor, who held the position during the challenge said, ``No one's speech was curtailed, no candidates were excluded, the system worked well.''  I hope we can adopt on another day robust campaign finance reform that would begin to revise the Buckley v. Valeo decision. But today we are hereto support McCain-Feingold, to take a limited step forward to ensure that we go after the two most pressing problems currently facing our political system: the prevalence of soft money and the explosion of issue advertising by third parties. These unaccountable groups surreptitiously enter the race, deal their blow and leave.  I believe if we support today the McCain-Feingold formula, we can, in fact, take a step forward to ensure that our political system is recognized by people as legitimate and positive. I yield back my time.  