I agree with him, it is quite important because of this increase in the number of bankruptcy filings. There has been a huge growth in my home State of Rhode Island, a 500-percent increase in just a few years. If we are going to do it, let's do it in a fair and balanced way.  I also go back to the underlying legislation that we are trying to amend. It says essentially that a creditor may file a request to move the debtor from chapter 7 to chapter 13, and the judge will make a determination. It is not mandatory. As I read it, even if that judge determines that the debtor has 30 percent, the sufficient amount of money to repay, and that the debtor may have, in fact, been questionable in filing a chapter 7 petition, the judge is still not required to grant the request and move the petitioner from chapter 7 to chapter 13.  So as I said before, I think, implicitly, we already have this good-faith standard, because that is what the judge is going to apply. He or she is going to look at the behavior of both parties and determine if this is appropriate--if the individual should have all his debts discharged or whether there should be some partial repayment.  What I would like to do is make it clear that this good-faith standard does exist, and it does not require this searching analysis of the underwriting practices of any company. It just requires a judge looking at the facts before him or her and making a judgment, as they do every day, as to what is fair, who has acted with clean hands coming to the bar of justice.  I also say, in conclusion, that this amendment has the strong support of the Consumers Union and the Consumers Federation of America. This legislation is designed to ensure there is responsible borrowing, that the American public is responsible, and that they recognize their debts and their obligations.  I believe and I think there is underlying support of the Consumers Union and the Consumer Federation of America, that the credit industry should also be responsible and understand their obligations. This is just a small way of making explicit what I think is already within the law--to recognize that responsibility.  I yield the floor.  