 I rise in strong support of S. 1618, the Consumer Anti-Slamming Act of 1998, and I particularly commend Chairman McCain and ranking member Hollings for the bipartisan and professional manner in which they have considered this legislation. I am pleased to have been part of this process, and I thank them very much for considering my suggestions to improve this legislation.  Last July 24, again with the assistance of Senators McCain and Hollings, I offered a sense-of-the-Senate resolution which outlined the issue involving slamming and proposed several suggested solutions. That resolution passed unanimously. Today, I support S. 1681 because it goes forward from that resolution to incorporate very pragmatic resolutions to the problem of slamming that is confronting so many consumers across this country.  I would also like to thank the National Association of Attorneys General as well as the National Association of Regulatory Utilities Commissioners for their assistance. These organizations and their members are fighting this epidemic of slamming at the State level. They are doing a remarkable job, and they were very helpful to me in preparing my legislation and helping me understand the scope of this problem.  We have taken great strides in our economy by deregulating many of our formerly regulated utilities, particularly the telephone companies, but all of that deregulation is for naught if we cannot give consumers real valid choice. And the problem with slamming is it denies consumers real choice. In effect, it tricks them into making choices that are not beneficial to them or collectively to our society and our economy. We have to do something about it.  I am very pleased that this legislation takes very pragmatic and effective steps to stop this curse of slamming, the illegal switching of telephone services. And this is an enormous problem throughout our economy. It threatens to rob many, many consumers of the benefits of deregulation and of a free market for services like telephone service. The Federal Communications Commission indicates that slamming is their No. 1 reported fraud. In my home State of Rhode Island, it is the top consumer issue in terms of telephone service and other consumer issues.  Yet all of these very impressive statistics may be just the tip of the iceberg, because press reports indicate that many, many more people are victims of slamming, but they do not have either the knowledge or the inclination under present rules and regulations to report these cases of slamming. Indeed, one regional telephone carrier estimated that 1 in 20 changes of telephone service is a result of fraud. Slamming is a multimillion-dollar fraud problem, and today, under the leadership of Senator McCain and Senator Hollings, we are addressing this problem head on.  One of the aspects of the issue is that there are numerous consumers who are unaware of the fact that they are victims. Forty-one percent of these individuals, of those who have been affected by slamming, do not report the incidents to regulatory authorities or anyone. When a complaint is logged, it is usually logged with a local telephone carrier; in my case, in upper Rhode Island, it is Bell Atlantic. Now, these local carriers do try to resolve the problem, but often they do not have the tools or the ability to do so, and as a result, the consumer is left a victim of the slammer.  When consumers do report these problems and try to take action, under the present regime it is usually a long and frustrating process to get any relief, if you get any relief at all.  Now, State attorneys general and public utility commissions throughout this country are annually receiving hundreds of thousands of complaints. More than half the State attorneys general have tried to take steps to go to court to bring to justice these slammers using the fraud laws of their State. Unfortunately, these legal actions are cumbersome, lengthy, and often do not really reach the heart of the matter and bring the culprits to justice.  A smaller percentage of victims of slamming will seek relief not at the State level but they will go to the Federal Communications Commission. Last year, 44,000 individuals brought slamming complaints to the FCC. That is a 175 percent increase over complaints in 1996. You can see this is anepidemic that needs to be dealt with decisively, and I am pleased that we are doing that.  Now, the FCC does investigate these complaints, but they are hampered by a lack of proof concerning slamming. They are hampered by not having the kind of record that is necessary to prove definitively that an individual has been a victim of slamming. This legislation goes a long way to ensure that all of our regulatory authorities at every level of Government have the tools to ensure that they can root out slamming in our economy.  First, this legislation places a more stringent requirement on phone companies before they can switch a consumer's service. The bill requires verification that the consumer, first, understands service will be changed; second, the consumer affirms his or her intent to change service and also indicates that he or she is authorized to switch service.  We have heard lots of evidence of phone companies--slammers, really--calling up, finding a 12- or 13-year-old child in the house, and talking to that child and using that as what they claim is appropriate authorization to switch service. Under this legislation, those types of practices will not be allowed. Also, the legislation requires that the entire verification process must be recorded and also provided to the consumer upon request, so that if it is a 12-year-old in the house that is giving the OK to switch, the parent can quickly determine that from the recorded record and make a correction.  Now, the other protection that is provided here is that the bill requires that carriers inform a consumer in clear and unambiguous language within 15 days that a switch has been authorized. Many times, consumers do not realize their phone service has been switched until they get, 30 days later, a bill from a company that they have never heard of claiming that they are now their primary telephone carrier.  Now, this whole verification process will go a very long way in preventing the abuses that we have seen. No longer can slammers use ambiguous or fraudulent verification scripts, essentially tricking consumers into agreeing. Additionally, slammers can't go ahead and conjure up and splice together different bits of pieces of an authorization or conversation to say, ``That is the proof you agreed to switch your service.'' Because of the requirement for a recorded record, that will not be possible.  This bill clearly says and makes as a clear standard that without proper verification, without a record, the carrier is in violation of law if they switch services and there cannot be any more assertions by these carriers that, ``Well, someone told us it was OK in the house, but we don't have the record. Someone authorized it, but we don't know who it was.'' They are now in a position where they have to show clearly that they have the verification.  Also, this legislation provides for avenues of redress for consumers. First, the consumer can take the issue up with the unauthorized carrier, and they are required to respond appropriately, within at least 4 months, in terms of justifying the switch or making some type of amends to the consumer. Second, a slamming victim can take their case to the Federal Communications Commission. Now, the FCC has additional authority to fine and to penalize slamming. Finally, a consumer who is frustrated can, once again, take his petition under State law to State commissions. Indeed, one aspect of the legislation that is very positive is, there is no preemption of State laws. We recognize that attorneys general and utility commissioners can and must have the ability to work hand and hand with the Federal Government to root out this problem of slamming.  Altogether, this is very important legislation that provides the necessary consumer protections, that makes the goal and objective of deregulation in a market where consumers choose a reality, and puts up strong barriers against those who would trick consumers and rob them of the choice that deregulation offers, the choice of the best service for them, their free choice.  Once again, let me commend Chairman McCain and ranking member Hollings for their work on this. I am hopeful that we can move expeditiously to passage and that this bill will shortly be law and we can protect the American consumer against slamming.  I yield my time.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  