President, I thank the Senator from Iowa for his comments and for his leadership, along with ourcolleague from Illinois, Senator Durbin. I have a few comments in response to his very thoughtful commentary.  First, the jurisdiction of the committee when it gets to the floor, it has been my limited experience, is somewhat fluid. In fact, in this bill we are amending the Truth in Lending Act, which has ramifications in both the Judiciary Committee and the Banking Committee. I think, to be very scrupulous about jurisdictional responsibilities here, we missed the opportunity to do something which most of our colleagues, I hope, would recognize is an appropriate thing to do--preventing the termination of credit to people who simply pay their bills on time.  The second aspect of this debate, which I think is appropriate to have in this bill, is that the driving force for this legislation comes very powerfully from the credit card industry. They are concerned that many individual consumers seek bankruptcy because of their huge credit card debts, and they feel that they are currently disadvantaged with the present system. So, again, I don't think it is inappropriate as we look at this bankruptcy system and, in many respects, test the credit card industry and look at some of their practices. This practice is particularly disturbing--again, that somebody's credit would be terminated simply because they paid on time.  Another aspect that the Senator from Iowa mentioned was the suggestion that this is, in some way, price controls. I think that is a very, very long stretch--to look at this amendment which says you can't terminate an individual because they pay on time--that is a far cry from imposing limits on how much could be charged in terms of fees, penalties; and, clearly, I make no attempt to do that. I would never suggest that we do that in this amendment. I point out that in fact there are existing situations, in State law certainly, usury statutes, which do impose fees and caps on what a credit card company can charge. That is not the intent nor the specificity of this amendment.  This simply says that it should not be permissible for a company to terminate an individual who has paid promptly, solely for the fact that that individual has paid promptly. If the individual is in arrears, if the individual has done something else to violate the agreement, then that is grounds, but not prompt payment; that should not be grounds.  Ultimately, let me get back to the initial point I made. At the heart of this legislation--and, again, the Senator from Iowa and his colleagues have done much to make sure this was at the core--was to try to reinstill a sense of responsibility among borrowers that we will not tolerate people who game the system, who use bankruptcy as a shield for their irresponsibility. To me, it is extremely ironic that we would be talking about a situation here where I am attempting to recognize and protect the continued extension of credit to the most responsible borrowers we have in the country, the ones who pay on time every month and don't use this system to be irresponsible.  So I hope my colleagues can recognize the merits within this particular amendment and support it.  On a final point, I note that today is the birthday of the Senator from Iowa. I thank you for working overtime on your birthday on this measure, Senator.  I yield the floor.  