President, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. President, the underlying legislation that we are considering today will allow a creditor to request a bankruptcy judge to move a petition in bankruptcy from chapter 7 to chapter 13. As we all realize, in chapter 7, a debtor may fully discharge his debts, and in chapter 13, there is an obligation to partially pay one's debts.  The focus of this legislation is on the debtor. There are two conditions which the creditor must show: The creditor must show either the individual debtor has at least enough assets to pay 30 percent of the debts or that the debtor has acted in bad faith in applying for chapter 7 liquidation.  I believe this focus exclusively on the debtor misses half of the equation. The other important half of the equation is the behavior of the creditor. My amendment explicitly requires the bankruptcy judge to consider the behavior of the creditor, whether that creditor acted in good faith in the extension of credit.  We all know there has been a significant increase in bankruptcy filings, but what we frequently overlook is the fact that there has been an extraordinary increase in credit extension. In 1986 through 1996, that 10-year period, filings increased by 122 percent, but revolving consumer credit increased 238 percent in that same period. As a result, we have had a situation where much of this credit extension has been done with very poor underwriting standards, a situation in which the companies themselves might very well anticipate that the debtor could not handle the debt.  Those companies that act recklessly and unscrupulously should not have the option to request that a debtor be thrown into chapter 13 from chapter 7. As a result, I believe it is incumbent upon the bankruptcy judge to look explicitly at the issue of the good faith of the creditor.  This is not just a question of the volume of credit that has been extended; this is the proliferation of solicitations. Each year, 2 billion credit solicitations are made in this country, many of them without any concern of the ability of the debtor ultimately to pay. We don't need a test to establish this fact. We just have to sit home on a Saturday and at about 10 o'clock, you get the first call from a credit card company. Then at 10:30, you get the second call. At 11, the mail comes and you get two or three solicitations, and it goes all the way through the evening.  What I want to see, and what the amendment requires, is if there is a consideration to move a debtor from chapter 7 to chapter 13, the judge should be able to apply a good-faith standard when reviewing the activities of the creditor. This establishes balance, this establishes a strong presumption that both sides must be looked at in terms of this rather unique and novel approach to the bankruptcy code. It is well within the expertise of the banking judge to make this determination.  I simply conclude by saying that this amendment has the strong support of the Consumer Federation of America and Consumers Union. This is an opportunity to vote with consumers with regard to this legislation.  I now retain the remainder of my time but also ask at this time for the yeas and nays.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Gorton). Is there a sufficient second?  There appears to be a sufficient second.  The yeas and nays were ordered.  