Mike is retiring this month after 21 years of working to expand opportunities for Rhode Islanders with disabilities. He has been a lifelong friend, since grammar school and high school. He is someone I respect and admire immensely, and this respect and admiration is shared by the entire community of Rhode Island.  He has demonstrated a lifelong commitment to upholding the mission and values of the Special Olympics. Mike's special dedication and enthusiasm have ensured that the Special Olympics Rhode Island remains one of the most impressive organizations in our State, providing year-round sports training and competitions to approximately 2,700 young and adult athletes across the State.  Mike began his involvement with Special Olympics Rhode Island as a volunteer for 18 years, every year pitching in, helping out. That is the way he is--a generous heart, a great sense of community and neighborliness. He then served as assistant executive director for Special Olympics Rhode Island from 1988 to 1998, when he took over the role of executive director.  Under his leadership, Special Olympics Rhode Island expanded the number of sports offered to 20. His athlete-centered approach helped the program experience a 40-percent increase in competitors.  Mike has also worked hard to ensure that the funding goals of Special Olympics Rhode Island were achieved. During his time with Special Olympics Rhode Island, the organization built a budget surplus of over $1 million. He also helped launch a capital campaign to establish a permanent home for Special Olympics Rhode Island. His innovative spirit, which characterized his entire tenure, was evident in many different ways--particularly 33 years ago, when he and several friends cofounded the Penguin Plunge, which is an annual New Year's Day ritual in Jamestown, RI, where hardy souls, hundreds of them, brave the frigid waters of Narragansett Bay to raise money for Special Olympics Rhode Island and raise a feeling of camaraderie, fellowship, and good spirits to begin the year.  Last month, Mike attended his final games as executive director. Held at the University of Rhode Island in Kingston, Special Olympics Rhode Island dedicated its 2009 State summer games to Mike McGovern for his outstanding, long-time commitment to the Special Olympics. Speaking at the games, he spoke of being inspired by the courage of the athletes through their ability to defy stereotypes, to compete, to strive--all of them--to win. We, too, are inspired by his commitment to a very noble cause.  Through his presence at the organization, he imbued it with a special spirit. That spirit will be missed. But he will continue to serve because that is his nature.  Thank you, Mike, for your exemplary service. You have been a strong advocate for thousands of Special Olympics athletes, both on and off the playing field. Your dedicated leadership and hard work have helped thousands of Rhode Islanders with disabilities achieve their goals.  Also, you have been a great success in something as important--as a husband, as a father, as a friend. I wish you and your lovely family, your wife and your children, the best in your well-deserved retirement.  Let me conclude by saying Rhode Island's special athletes have never had a more special friend than Mike McGovern.  I yield the floor.  