It embodies legislation I introduced earlier this year, along with Senator Kit Bond, the Saving the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing Act, known in short as the HEARTH Act.  I want to particularly commend Senator Bond for his support, help, and leadership in this effort. He has been an advocate for sensible housing programs, not only on the floor of the Senate but particularly in his duties as a member of the Appropriations Committee and as the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Housing and Urban Development.  He has been a great leader in advocating for the sensible, sound, and efficient use of taxpayers' resources to help people to find affordable housing. I thank him very much for his assistance, along with all of the other cosponsors.  This legislation is endorsed by the National Alliance to End Homelessness, U.S. Conference of Mayors, the League of Cities, NACo, Habitat for Humanity International, National Association of Local Housing Finance Agencies, LISC, Enterprise, National Low Income Housing Coalition, Corporation for Supportive Housing, the National Equity Fund, NAMI, the Housing Assistance Council and the National Community Development Association. It enjoys widspread support.  According to the Homelessness Research Institute at the National Alliance to End Homelessness, 2.5 to 3.5 million Americans experience homelessness each year. On any one night, approximately 672,000 men, women, and children are without homes.  While strides have been made to reduce homelessness over the last couple of years, the current economic decline has halted such progress.  Today I saw a front page article with a photograph in USA Today of a tent city going up. This is a phenenoman we thought was an artifact of history. Too often people are using any means to shield themselves from the elements.  Organizations such as Amos House, a shelter in my home State of Rhode Island, are seeing an increased demand for their services, while at the same time they are facing budget cuts and the economic downturn has curbed charitable donations.  I don't need to tell anybody in this Chamber how urgent this crisis is.  Across the country, we have already seen tent cities forming; shelters turning away people in need; and most major cities reporting double-digit increases in the numbers of families experiencing homelessness.  There is a tendency to view homelessness as something that happens to a few adults, men and women. But too many children are without homes.  As foreclosure and unemployment rates continue to rise, more families are being pushed out of their homes. Not everyone ends up on the streets. Some are able to move in with friends or family members, but they can not afford a home of their own and they can not find a job to get back on their feet.  America has not seen this level of displacement since the Great Depression and we simply cannot afford to ignore this problem.  That is why I am offering the Homeless Emergency Assistance and RapidTransition to Housing, HEARTH, Act of 2009 as an amendment to the Helping Families Save Their Homes Act.  The Banking Committee, of which I am a member, has worked long and hard on this legislation, which I believe has resulted in a very strong piece of legislation.  This amendment invests $2.2 billion for targeted homelessness assistance grant programs and provides local communities with greater flexibility to spend money on preventing homelessness.  While strides have been made to reduce homelessness over the last couple of years, the current economic decline has halted that progress and threatens to overwhelm it.  As a result of the recession, 1.5 million additional Americans nationwide are likely to experience homelessness over the next 2 years according to estimates by the National Alliance to End Homelessness. In Rhode Island, the latest numbers show homelessness is up 43 percent since February of 2008. And the number of shelter residents who cited foreclosure as their reason for becoming homeless tripled in the last 8 months.  This means more trauma for children and adults, more dislocation from schools and communities, and more of a drain on local community services.  In addition to the $2.2 billion for HUD homeless assistance programs, the HEARTH Act would also provide up to $440 million to be used to serve people who are not homeless yet, but are at risk of homelessness. That, I think, is in accord with the spirit of the legislation Senator Dodd proposed; to prevent people from losing their homes.  It would allow cities and towns to serve people who are about to be evicted, live in severely overcrowded housing, or otherwise live in an unstable situation that puts them at risk of homelessness. The money could be used to make utility payments, security deposits, and provide short- and medium-term rental assistance.  The HEARTH Act would increase the emphasis on performance by measuring applicants' progress at reducing homelessness and providing incentives for proven solutions like rapid re-housing for families and permanent supportive housing for chronically homeless people.  This is a measure not only to provide resources but also to insist upon accountability.  Today, more families than ever are living on the edge, but the national safety net is not as big or as durable as it used to be.  This bipartisan legislation combines federal dollars with new incentives to help local communities assist families on the brink of becoming homeless. It is a wise investment of federal resources that will save taxpayers money in the long run by preventing homelessness, promoting the development of permanent supportive housing, and optimizing self-sufficiency.  Finally, I wanted to briefly talk about the definition of homelessness.  The HEARTH Act expands the HUD definition of homelessness, which determines eligibility for much of the homeless assistance funding, to include people who will lose their housing in 14 days; any family or individual fleeing or attempting to flee domestic violence, or other dangerous or life threatening situations; and families with children and unaccompanied youth who have experienced a long term period without living independently, have experienced persistent housing instability, and can be expected to continue in such status for an extended period due to a number of enumerated factors, such as a disability.  It also allows grantees to use up to an additional 10 percent of competitive funds to serve families defined as homeless under the Education Department homeless definition, but not so defined under the HUD definition. For areas with low levels of homelessness, up to 100 percent of funds may be used for such purposes.  The HEARTH Act also provides communities with greater flexibility in using funds to prevent and end homelessness. Whether it is the new Emergency Solutions Grant or the new Rural Housing Stability Assistance Program, that would grant rural communities greater discretion in addressing the needs of homeless people or those in the worst housing situations in their communities, this bill allows people to help people who are not technically homeless, and keep them from becoming so.  I recognize there have been tensions on the definition issue. All of us want to be sure that we are providing services to homeless children and families, and those at risk of homelessness.  Our amendment does not change the definition of homelessness in the No Child Left Behind Act for education programs that serve homeless children, nor does it seek in any way to hinder or limit these services.  In fact, our amendment strives to reach an appropriate balance to make sure that there are HUD funds available to help these families.  I hope that my colleagues can join Senator Bond and me, and support this important amendment.  