We have established over many decades now certain priorities to access Federal properties, and included in those are very low-priority agencies that provide shelter for homeless people. Prior to these, in my recollection of the distribution of the properties, is the right of State and local governments to buy property at a discounted price.  Madam President, as Governor, you have probably considered this option many times. It is my understanding that this underlying bill would exempt a number of the properties from the Federal Property Act provisions that would allow, in fact, State and local governments to access these properties at prices that are reasonable, particularly now, given the budget pressures of local governments. But, in addition, this 5-year pilot program would encompass the largest and potentially most valuable properties that are held in surplus by the United States.  It is far from a pilot program. What our colleagues in the House are talking about is a true pilot program--a limited number of properties to validate and really legitimize the approach Senator Coburn and others are suggesting. I know the Senator has been working very diligently and sincerely with colleagues on both sides of the aisle, but this represents a version, an early version, I believe, that, at least in terms of discussion with others, has been changed somewhat.  One point I wish to make with respect to the underlying amendment that is important is that we are not attempting to deal with the issue of property distribution, which cuts across the entire spectrum of Federal properties--practically every agency in the Federal Government. That encompasses not only the rights--very limited rights--of homeless groups to acquire property but fundamentally the rights of State and local communities to acquire this property. In fact, for many State and local communities, this program is a major source of economic development.  Again looking at the Chair, who was the Governor of the State of New Hampshire, Pease Air Force Base was surplus property which is now a dynamic economic development tool. My guess, again, was that it was obtained by the State, probably using at least in part some of these powers. All of that would be altered in this pilot program that would give, in fact, public lands managers wide discretion to dispose of properties. Again, it is a pilot program, but it is so long term. Five years is not exactly a short-term, let's do an experiment, evaluate it, and see what can be done.  Our legislation, the underlying amendment, is the result of many years of bipartisan effort to deal with the issue of homelessness, not the distribution or disposition of public property. I think it would represent an extraordinary improvement in the current system. It is more efficient, it consolidates applications, it gives flexibility to local communities, and it deals with the problem that I think is equally compelling for the children of today. There are thousands of children who don't have a home. We have to be cognizant of the future. We have to take prudent steps--and I wish, looking back over the last 8 years, some of my colleagues on this side would have been much more prudent in their fiscal policies that took a surplus in 2001 and turned it into a huge deficit in 2008, 2009. So the ability to look ahead is not exclusive to one side of the aisle. But the legislation I have proposed, along with Senator Bond, represents a reauthorization of McKinney-Vento, which will give the States and localities better tools to deal with the current crisis of countless families who are without homes.  My concern is not only with the breadth of this amendment, with its focus on one part of a much more complicated puzzle, but also the fact that I think it could seriously jeopardize the passage of what is important legislation--the McKinney-Vento reauthorization.  I do believe, because of the Senator's efforts, because of his sincere and energetic and consistent advocacy of this, that this issue is resonating on both sides--both with our colleagues in the House and here in the Senate. I would be extraordinarily disappointed if we were to miss a great opportunity to fundamentally reform the program.  We worked with the Senator last Congress. We had bipartisan support, led by Senator Allard. We had, in fact, the clear endorsement of President Bush and the Housing and Urban Development Department under the Bush administration for our homelessness proposal, but it failed because this legislation, the Reed amendment, was embroiled in this controversy of property disposition which spans every agency of the Federal Government. It is not just HUD, it is the Department of Defense, the Department of Agriculture, the Department of the Interior.  I think if we are going to do something this comprehensive, let's not single out the homelessness initiative as sort of the wedge or the fulcrum or the lever. Let's step back, work collectively, collaboratively, and pass legislation that will apply across the board and will do so in a principled and practical way. There is no opposition to that.  I would also note, as the Senator alluded to, that at an appropriate moment there will be a point of order raised on the legislation. But I would hope that, again, we could move through this proposed second degree, pass the underlying amendment, and not forget but in fact redouble our efforts to approach this in a comprehensive way. I know many colleagues--not only Senator Coburn but Senator Carper--are sincerely and enthusiastically interested in having reform of the way we dispose of property.  I am certainly also in a position to say personally that I think if we dothis, we have to take into consideration the equities of all the parties. This is not just about homeless groups that get grants, this is about State and local governments, this is about the way we have established over many years the disposition of Federal property. Can it be improved? Yes, it can. Should we improve it? Yes, we should. But I think to essentially target the homeless population as sort of the lever for this change is the wrong approach. So I would, at the appropriate moment, either myself or the manager, raise a point of order.  With that, I yield the floor.  Madam President, I do have another amendment which I would like to call up, but I see the Senator from Oklahoma is here, and he should have an opportunity to speak.  