It will give the Secretary of the Treasury discretion to dispose of those warrants when he feels it is appropriate. Right now, under language that was adopted in the context of our debates over the recent amendments to TARP, there is a mandatory requirement for the Secretary to surrender or dispose of the warrants if the TARP funds are returned by a financial institution.  I believe the Secretary should have the discretion to hold these warrants if he thinks it is in the best interests of the taxpayers. The whole point of the warrants, and a point I insisted upon in the original legislation for the TARP bill last September, indeed a point that I found to resonate with many of our colleagues on the Republican side--Spencer Bachus, the ranking Republican on the House Financial Affairs Committee cited this specifically as one of the reasons why the TARP program could be supported--and that is, in addition to our investment in preferred stock which pays dividends, the Government would also have the right to obtain warrants; that would be the right to acquire stock in the future.  Interestingly enough, at the time we were debating the TARP bill, Warren Buffett, who was a very sophisticated and is a very sophisticated investor, made a preferred stock investment in a large financial institution and also received warrants. So this is typically how many of these deals are done.  At this juncture the institutions receiving TARP funds have the right at any time to pay it back. That is an issue that has been settled. It is the policy of the United States. But I believe the Secretary of the Treasury should have the discretion, because these are separate instruments, to hold those warrants, to maximize, if he can, the market price that he will receive on behalf of the taxpayers.  This, again, is an issue that was very critical to many of us in the initial adoption of the TARP legislation. We are not mandating that the Secretary of the Treasury surrender the warrants, nor are we mandating that he keep them. It will be discretionary. He and his colleagues have, and I believe must exercise, the judgment when it is an appropriate time to surrender these warrants or to take other actions under the contracts under which they were issued, to ensure value for taxpayers.  We have made very significant investments in the financial system through the TARP program. The premise, again, was that not only would the direct investment be repaid, but taxpayers would benefit from the recovery of these institutions. We are seeing that recovery now. We have a ways to go but we are seeing some encouraging signs. I believe, again, that having assumed risks, taxpayers should benefit from the rewards of a revivedfinancial institution and in that case we are simply making this discretionary with the Secretary of the Treasury so that he can judge whether and when the appropriate time is to surrender the warrants, to receive fair market price for the warrants, and to ultimately help benefit the taxpayers who have put up the money to deal with a huge financial crisis.  At the appropriate time I believe there will be a consent to move forward on this amendment. I hope it would be supported and adopted, but I wanted to make that point at this juncture.  