First, I wish to commend Senator Dodd and Senator Shelby for developing this bipartisan legislation. It will bring more fairness to the credit card market and provide more predictability to the many Americans who use credit cards, which is practically all Americans today.  Families are being squeezed on every side. The unemployment rate continues to rise. The situation, we hope, is beginning to stabilize across the country. However, in my State of Rhode Island, there is still a significant 10.5-percent unemployment rate. That is unacceptable. Individuals are still working, but they are receiving pressure to take pay cuts. Home values have fallen precipitously. As a result, people can no longer call upon their biggest investment and their biggest source of wealth: their home. All of this is adding to the dilemma that is facing working families across this country.  At a time of declining home prices, rising unemployment, and the pressures of daily life, individuals are faced with higher and higher credit card interest rates, which makes it even more difficult to make ends meet. Peoplewho have never missed a payment are facing double-digit interest rate increases because card issuers are currently permitted to increase rates at any time for any reason.  Our small business owners are struggling. The Federal Reserve April 2009 survey of senior loan officers shows that banks continue to tighten standards for credit for small business lending and to decrease existing credit lines. With few viable alternatives, many small business owners must use their personal credit cards just to keep the lights on in their company and to stay afloat, and they also are subject to these arbitrary increases of their interest rates.  The Dodd-Shelby substitute restores balance to a market that has lacked adequate consumer protections for far too long. This legislation codifies the rules the Federal Reserve recently issued by prohibiting double-cycle billing, retroactive interest rate increases on credit card holders in good standing, and other questionable practices. It will institute commonsense rules that will make a meaningful difference for consumers, and this is a very important and very positive first step. These Federal Reserve rules have done that.  But this bill goes further. It requires that penalty fees be reasonable and proportional to the cost of the violation. It requires that any interest rate increases on new purchases be reviewed every 6 months so that consumers can return to a previous rate if conditions change. It also protects consumers who have temporarily fallen on hard times by requiring 60 days before penalty interest rates can be imposed.  It shields young people from taking on more debt than they can handle by limiting prescreened offers to young consumers. It also gives consumers more access to the information they need to make wise financial decisions, such as requiring full disclosure about due dates, penalties, and changes in terms.  I am pleased that much of the bill will take effect just 9 months from enactment. This is an aggressive but achievable effective date--something I pushed for, along with my colleagues, particularly Senators Dodd and Shelby. When the Federal Reserve first announced that its rules would not be implemented until July 2010, I wrote to Chairman Bernanke urging him to reconsider the effective date in light of the economic crisis.  This legislation is careful to try to make changes in a way that preserves consumer access to credit. Implementation is staggered in recognition that some of these changes are very narrow in scope and others are more far-reaching. For instance, an important provision requiring a 45-day notice before any interest rate increase will take effect in 3 months. Other changes, which may require more time to be implemented appropriately, will be instituted on a different timeline. This is a sensible and rational way to quickly address issues that are clear cut. It will also place more difficult issues on a timeline that will provide relief but give an opportunity to effectively implement these changes.  I am, however, disappointed that the ban on retroactive interest rate increases will not take effect until 15 months after the bill is enacted. I think we should do that much more quickly. I point out that 15 months is even later than the date included in the Federal Reserve's original rules, although we are improving upon their original approach. This bill goes further than the Federal Reserve's rules, and in that sense I think it is important and timely and effective.  This bill will stop the exploitation of credit cardholders, there is no doubt. But we must acknowledge that when card issuers return to careful underwriting standards because they can no longer change interest rates at will, credit may become tighter. As a result, for some consumers, a credit card will be harder to come by. We have to recognize that. That is something which I think should be explicit rather than implicit.  One more point. Our first priority is protecting consumers, but what should not get lost in the debate is that robust consumer protections benefit the whole economy. We are now seeing what happens when some financial institutions are able to pursue profits without reasonable safeguards for borrowers, without prudent underwriting, without effective due diligence. The short-run gain quickly turns into long-run pain for the economy. That is precisely what has happened over the last several months. Not only did consumers suffer, but also the institutions that originally underwrote these products suffered.  All of this having been said, the legislation before us is timely. It will provide long-overdue protections to Americans--individuals, households, families, and businesses. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  I yield the floor.  