President, today I have the great privilege of rising to pay tribute to my chairman, the longest serving Senator in the history of this country, the senior Senator from West Virginia, Robert C. Byrd.  He has reached a milestone among many in his career. It is an extraordinary record of service and dedication and patriotism to the country, and it reflects the values of the people of West Virginia and of this great Nation. Senator Byrd's extraordinary service is measured not just in length but accomplishments, but the length is impressive, indeed. He has 20,744 days of service as a Member of Congress--over 56 years, 10\1/2\ months. Over that time, Senator Byrd has cast over 18,500 rollcall votes, witnessed the inauguration of 11 Presidents, and he has been successful in 15 out of 15 elections.  For over 60 years, Senator Byrd has represented the people of West Virginia tirelessly, with a great deal of energy and a great deal of success. He started in the West Virginia House of Delegates and then was elected to the West Virginia State Senate. Then he went to the U.S. House of Representatives. Finally, he came here to the U.S. Senate, where he is currently serving in an unprecedented ninth full term.  I think Senator Byrd's success is a reflection of his steady progress, learning first about the people of his home State as he worked among them, knowing them well because they were his friends and neighbors; and then going on into local government and dealing with the concerns as a State representative and then as a State senator; and then coming to the House of Representatives, understanding the operation of the House and how he could help the people of West Virginia; and finally, he coming here to the U.S. Senate.  What is incredibly impressive about Senator Byrd is that he is not only the longest serving Senator in the history of this country, he is the most knowledgeable Senator with respect to the history of our body. He is the author--he literally wrote the book on the U.S. Congress and the Senate, among so many others that he has written. This reflects his incredible talent and intellect but also his incredible hard work and tenacity, and it reflects the range of experience he has had.  No one knows this body better than Robert Byrd. No one has served it longer. Nobody has served it with the same kind of energy, insight, and dedication. It has been reflected in West Virginia, across the Nation, and across the globe. For example, in 1947, shortly before Senator Byrd first came to Washington D.C. as a U.S. Congressman, there were only four miles of divided four-lane highway, in West Virginia. Today, as a result of Senator Byrd's work, the expansive Appalachian Development Highway System is nearing completion. He understood, as we must today, that economic development is not only a fundamental need, but that it results largely from the infrastructure improvements that speed commerce and literally connect people to one another.  Senator Byrd also is a tireless advocate for miners, those men and women--principally men--who go down and literally risk their lives in the coal mines. He knows this firsthand. As a result, mining-related injuries in West Virginia have significantly declined since Senator Byrd came here--the results of his actions, the results of his understanding, and the results of his commitment to the people he served. He worked hard each and every day for those who risk their lives in a dangerous occupation and deserve the attention and respect of this body and our country.  He has done much more than help the people of West Virginia. As I indicated before, as the greatest scholar in our body, he has demonstrated a profound understanding and respect for the Constitution of the United States. He has shown that not just in words but in deeds. He has been prepared to stand up when he thought constitutional values were being impaired. Indeed, no commitment is greater to Senator Byrd than his commitment to the Constitution and the values therein. He has stood up forcefully and persuasively on so many occasions to defend the Constitution and to serve truly the oath we all take to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution.  On Friday, Senator Byrd will celebrate his 92nd birthday. He will celebrate that in his usual fashion: He will work, I am sure. He will work for the people of West Virginia, for the people of this country, and for the people of the world. He will reflect back on his dearest partner, his wife, who was his support, comfort, and inspiration. He will reflect upon his children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. He will reflect upon a life well lived in service to his country. But more important, he will look ahead to the work he will do as he finishes this term and prepares for his next election to represent the people of West Virginia.  