 President, the Senate returned from our Thanksgiving recess and got back to work.  Since the election earlier this month, there has been plenty of prognostication about what the new Congress will bring, but I would rather focus on the one we are still involved in, and this Congress has more business to complete before the end of the year. Even after two historic years of accomplishments for the American people, there are still important items left to check off our list.  Yesterday evening, we voted to advance the nomination of Stephen Vaden, the President's choice, to serve as general counsel for the Department of Agriculture.  Mr. Vaden has strong legal credentials, both public and private sector experience, degrees from Vanderbilt and Yale, and he comes with an upbringing in agriculture. He grew up on his family's farm in Union City, TN--and according to the Tennessee Farm Bureau, it shows. As my friend Senator Alexander referenced yesterday, that organization wrote that Vaden has ``a passion for agriculture that can't be taught, but that is necessary for the job'' of general counsel.  It is hardly surprising, then, that this nominee received bipartisan support at the committee level, including the support of the ranking member.  What is surprising? The fact that since clearing the committee, Mr. Vaden's nomination has languished for 351 days, waiting for Senate Democrats to end their obstruction--long, even by the standards of this Congress. So I hope that each of my colleagues will join me in turning the page and voting to confirm Mr. Vaden later today.  Following the Vaden nomination, we will turn to consideration of Karen Kelley to serve as Deputy Secretary of Commerce. She is a graduate of Villanova. She has built a 35-year record of expertise in investment, management, and financial strategy.  She currently serves as Undersecretary--a position to which she was unanimously confirmed by the Senate--and oversees the Department's statistical programs through the U.S. Census Bureau and the Bureau of Economic Analysis. Ms. Kelley is already acting in the role to which she has been nominated.  Through this service, Ms. Kelley has earned the respect and esteem of her colleagues at the Department. Secretary Ross has said he is thankful to have such a qualified individual fill the position.  I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to advance her nomination today with a strong bipartisan vote.  As we look over the record of this 115th Congress, a number of accomplishments were made possible with significant bipartisan support--from landmark opioid legislation to major improvements in veterans' medical care and services, to our tremendous progress on appropriations and a lot more.  Our remaining work will require more of that bipartisan spirit when it comes to closing out appropriations, confirming more nominees, and other subjects as well. So let's continue the momentum and keep moving forward.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  