 President, I had an opportunity yesterday to visit our friend John McCain. It was in a beautiful location, Sedona. It is about a 2-hour drive from Phoenix.  John and Cindy and I had a chance to sit on the back porch and reminisce about our friendship and all we had shared over the last 30 years. We had some laughs. We mainly reminisced about the battles. Sometimes we were on the same side, and sometimes we were not. Yet one thing about our colleague John McCain is you would rather be on his side than not. For 10 years, we had a very vigorous debate about an issue he and I both cared about, and we were on opposite sides. It ended up going all the way to the Supreme Court. He won and I lost, and we worked hard to establish a new relationship after that vigorous battle of a decade.  We all know his story all too well--that of a genuine American hero. We admire the tenacity and the grit it took to survive those 5\1/2\ years in the Hanoi Hilton and the way he refused to go home early, as he certainly could have, given the prominence of his father's position in the Navy. It is pretty hard to think of any serious issues that face our Nation without recalling the role John played in so many things that are important to our country.  Over the last few years, I am sure the Presiding Officer would agree with me that we saw him as the shadow Secretary of State during the Obama years as he traveled the world--sometimes on a long weekend--to some of the least desirable places to visit. I avoided those trips, but for those who took them, it was a little bit like the Bataan Death March. Junkets they were not. He was an important foreign policy and defense voice for our country. He was also passionate in working to take better care of our veterans. No one, with the possible exception of Senator Isakson, spent more time working on veterans' issues and trying to take care of them, as they richly deserve, than John McCain.  At this point in his life, he, obviously, has a little time to sit and rest and reflect under the desert sky and to simply take in the beautiful, peaceful Nation he has worked so hard and so long to protect and pass on to all of our children.  One thing we all know about John--and it remains the case today--is that he doesn't have a relaxed bone in his body. He still has plenty to say about work, I assure you. He misses his colleagues, and he would rather be here. I told him we miss him, too--all the great jokes, the smart-alecky comments. He was a joy to be around.  I didn't want to miss the opportunity to tell him how much his friendship has meant to me, so that is why I was out there this weekend. While I was there, I said I was confident I was speaking for everybody in the Senate in conveying our deepest respect to him for all he has done for this country during a truly extraordinary life.  