 President, on one final matter, Members were back in our home States meeting with constituents last week. I had the opportunity to visit a remarkable business in my hometown of Louisville.  Caldwell Tanks has been making large industrial and water storage tanks in Kentucky for over 100 years. It is no secret that they do good business, but when I stopped by on Friday, they had some especially good news to share. In 2018 they invested $100,000 in upgrades to their fleet of cranes. Their 150 Kentucky employees, along with hundreds more in other States, are seeing estimated wage increases of up to 10 percent or more. Preload, Caldwell's sister company, which makes prestressed concrete tanks, has invested $500,000 in new manufacturing equipment.  The company's leadership states that all of these improvements--every one of them--are direct results of the historic tax reform this Republican Congress passed last year.  Tax reform, along with all of our other pro-growth policies, has helped to transform the overall business climate in our country. In the words of Bernie Fineman, Caldwell's CEO, ``the most important thing that it's done is to provide hope''--hope--``for our future.''  So while these developments alone are remarkable, the conditions that made them possible are not a fluke--not in a State that has recently seen its unemployment rate drop to a 42-year low, not in a country where the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits is about as low as it has been in half a century.  Tax reform and regulatory reform helped to make this happen. They helped to unleash free enterprise and give Caldwell's customers the confidence to fill up the warehouse's backlogs and drive up 2018 sales by 14 percent so far.  Caldwell is just one case study in what has become a national phenomenon. Nationwide, consumers are experiencing renewed confidence. Retail sales are up 6.4 percent from July of last year. According to one industry survey, a majority of U.S. manufacturers say this favorable policy climate has been more likely--more likely--to raise wages for their workers.  Bustling warehouses and rising wages weren't exactly what our Democratic colleagues predicted when they railed against tax reform last year or voted in lockstep to oppose its passage, but one would hope that hindsight is helping our Democratic colleagues to see how tax reform and regulatory relief were exactly what the doctor ordered and how they have contributed to a healthy economy that is paying dividends for American workers and middle-class families.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  