 President, yesterday, the Senate learned that its quiet persuader will be leaving us after a long and distinguished career. Senator Thad Cochran's retirement will mark the end of a tenure defined by steady, honorable leadership.  Since the day he arrived in this Chamber, Thad's focus has been squarely on serving the people of Mississippi with integrity. For nearly four decades, he has done exactly that, and he has earned the admiration and gratitude of countless friends and colleagues along the way.  Those of us here today are proud to have had the privilege of working with Senator Cochran. His expertise as chairman of the Appropriations Committee will be sorely missed. So too will be the collegiality, warmth, and grace that is so characteristic of the senior Senator from Mississippi.  But the Senate's loss is Thad's family's gain. As we say our farewells over the next few weeks, I know all of our colleagues will join me in wishing him every happiness in his next chapter.  Mr. President, on another matter, the Senate will vote today to begin consideration of S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.  This bill recognizes a simple truth: Small community banks and Main Street credit unions are not the same as the multitrillion-dollar banks on Wall Street. It is a simple enough observation, I might add, but, at present, our laws fail to account for it.  Since Washington imposed the Dodd-Frank financial regulations back in 2010, small-scale lenders have been subjected to a litany of new regulatory, compliance, and examiner demands that were designed with the country's largest banks in mind. Dodd-Frank's enormous regulatory burden has been inefficient and unhelpful for financial institutions of all sizes, but it has hit Main Street lenders especially hard.  Many small banks have had to hire additional staff and expend additional resources solely to deal with the staggering compliance burden. According to a survey conducted last year, community bank compliance costs have risen to an average of 24 percent of net income. Let me say that again. Community bank compliance costs haverisen to an average of 24 percent of net income.  This regulatory burden crowds out the capital that is available to American families and small businesses, especially in rural communities. According to researchers at the Harvard Kennedy School, community banks provide over 50 percent of all small business loans and nearly 80 percent of agricultural loans. In Kentucky, for example, there are more than 100 community banks and more than 20 credit unions. Many of them are the only financial institutions that are present in rural and underserved communities.  But while Dodd-Frank supposedly took aim at too big to fail, in the first 4 years after it passed, the share of U.S. deposits in small banks shrunk by nearly a quarter. Deposits in small banks shrunk by a quarter in the first 4 years of Dodd-Frank. That means less access to capital for young couples who are looking to purchase their first home, less credit for aspiring small business owners who need help in turning dreams into reality, and fewer options for farmers and ranchers who are hoping to expand.  