 President, the Senate is considering the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States.  When the noise fades, when the uncorroborated mud washes away, what is left is the distinguished nominee who stands before us--an acclaimed judge whom peers and colleagues praise in the very strongest terms, a jurist whom the American Bar Association awarded its very highest rating unanimously--``well qualified.''  Here is what the ABA says it takes to earn that distinction:       To merit a rating of ``Well Qualified,'' the nominee must      be at the top of the legal profession in his or her legal      community; have outstanding legal ability, breadth of      experience and the highest reputation for integrity; and      demonstrate the capacity for sound judicial temperament.  This is the nonpartisan test that my friend the Democratic leader, among others, used to call the gold standard. Judge Kavanaugh passed that with flying colors.  To be clear, this seal of approval comes from the ABA's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary--an independent entity within the organization. Even after the ABA's Presidenttried to play politics with the nomination last week, the Standing Committee reaffirmed its rating yet again. Unanimously well qualified--that is Brett Kavanaugh.  So how did we end up where we are today? How did we get here? How did we get from a chorus of expert praise and professional respect to wild tales of violent gangs, sexual assault rings, fist fights on boats in Rhode Island harbors, and the possibility--get this--of an argument at a college bar?  Several weeks ago, a confidential allegation of misconduct from nearly 40 years ago was leaked to the press. Since then, other allegations have poured forth. Many were just patently ridiculous--a feeding frenzy of ridiculous accusations. While some cheered on the feeding frenzy for political purposes, Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley and his staff rolled up their sleeves and went to work. 