 ALEXANDER. Madam President, I would agree with that. And we could get into a lively dispute among us about who shot John and who scratched whose back and whose fault it all is, whether the Democrats, who in 2003 began for the first time to require 60 votes for circuit judges, or the Republicans, who stopped a couple of President Obama's judges, are at fault. The fact is, I believe--I know for a fact that most of us believe we should keep the legislative filibuster.  How do I know that? Because Senator Collins, who is presiding at the moment, and Senator Coons, who will speak following my remarks, offered into the Record on April 7, 2017, a letter from 29 Republicans and 32 Democrats that said: We are mindful of the unique role the Senate plays in the legislative process. We are steadfastlycommitted to ensuring this great American institution continues to serve as the world's greatest deliberative body. Therefore, we are asking you to join us in opposing any effort to curtail the existing rights and prerogatives of Senators to engage in full, robust, and extended debate as we consider legislation before this body in the future.  That is 61 Senators on record about the legislative filibuster. So one reason the legislative filibuster is going to stay is because there are not the votes to change it.  As I come to a conclusion, let me offer a better reason not to change it and a reason why we should change it if we consider it in the right way. We have rules in this body. In order to change a standing rule of the Senate, it takes at least 60 votes to get cloture. It has been proposed--and both sides have before--to use what we call the nuclear option, which is a parliamentary maneuver that allows the Senate to change a rule without getting 60 votes.  This is a country that prizes the rule of law. I have heard President Trump say that. I have heard President Obama say that. I have heard most of us say that. I would ask, if we don't follow our own rules, why would we expect the American people to follow the rules we write? We are the main rule-writing organization in the United States of America. We ought to follow our own rules.  When we didn't and used the so-called nuclear option in 2013, a Democratic Senator who is greatly respected, Senator Levin, said that ``a Senate in which a majority can always change the rules is a Senate without any rules.'' A Senate in which the majority can always change the rules without following the rules is like a football game where the home team can say: If you gain 9 yards, that is a first down; or if they make a three-point shot and they need four, they count it as four. That is not the rule of law.  I make these remarks--and I hope the Senator from Delaware is still here and willing to stay--I make these remarks just to remind the country and to remind the Members of the Senate that 61 of us have already signed a letter saying that the legislative filibuster--the right to extended debate, the opportunity to talk your head off in defense of what you want, the ability of this body to function as a bulwark against the tyranny of the majority and, in this fractured country, as an institution that can produce a consensus that is lasting and accepted by most people--is the most valuable part of this body, and we ought not to trifle with it whether we are in the majority or in the minority, and we ought to make that clear.  If we ever do decide we want to talk about it and change it, we should follow the rules. We have rules. It takes at least 60 votes to change a standing rule.  I want to put a stop to this talk about breaking the rules to change the rules of the Senate. I will not vote to turn the Senate into a rule-breaking institution, and I hope that if that opportunity ever arises, my colleagues will vote the same way, as 61 of them did in the letter Senator Collins and Senator Coons signed.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Collins). The Senator from Delaware.  