 President, I wanted to give all of our colleagues an update on where we are. I want to start by particularly thanking Senator Graham, Senator Flake, Senator Collins, and many others who have been working across the aisle to help resolve the impasse we find ourselves in.  When the Democratic filibuster of the government funding bill comes to an end, the serious, bipartisan negotiations that have been going on for months now to resolve our unfinished business--military spending, disaster relief, healthcare, immigration, and border security--will continue.  It would be my intention to resolve these issues as quickly as possible so that we can move on to other business that is important to our country.  However, should these issues not be resolved by the time the funding bill before us expires on February 8, 2018, assuming that the government remains open, it would be my intention to proceed to legislation that would address DACA, border security, and related issues.  It is also my intention to take up legislation regarding increased defense spending, disaster relief, and other important matters.  Importantly, when I proceed to the immigration debate, it will have an amendment process that is fair to all sides. I would hope there would be cooperation on these matters in advance of yet another funding deadline.  There is a bipartisan, bicameral group that will continue its negotiations and I look forward to the completion of their work. It would be my strong preference for the Senate to consider a bipartisan, bicameral proposal that can be signed into law. But the first step in any of this is reopening the government and preventing any further delay.  The shutdown should stop today. We will soon have a vote that will allow us to do exactly that.  Let's step back from the brink. Let's stop victimizing the American people and get back to work on their behalf.  Mr. President, in that regard, I ask unanimous consent that, notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote at 10 p.m. tonight on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur with amendment; further, that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time be considered expired and the Senate immediately vote on the motion to concur with further amendment with no intervening action or debate.  