 President, the United States is 1 day into a government shutdown that Senate Democrats have forced on our country. Let's take a look at where we are.  Last night, a bipartisan majority of Senators--Republicans and Democrats--voted to avoid this. A bipartisan majority voted to advance a noncontroversial bill that has already passed the House and which the President has already said he will sign.  Of course, like any compromise, this funding bill cannot be all things to all people. But this bipartisan bill does what we need to do right now. It ends this pointless--pointless--irresponsible shutdown, funds the government for our troops, our veterans, and millions of vulnerable Americans, and extends health coverage for millions of children in low-income families.  None of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle can point to a single thing in the bill that they oppose. Not one thing. That is why a bipartisan majority voted for it last night. It would have passed smoothly and been sent for the President's signature, except that the Democratic leader took the extraordinary step of filibustering this bipartisan bill and initiating his own government shutdown.  Why? Because, he explains, the President would not give him everything he wants on the issue of illegal immigration in one afternoon in the Oval Office. That is it. That is it.  The leaders from both parties have spent months negotiating long-term fixes for immigration policy, government spending, and other important priorities. Senators on both sides want a bipartisan solution to DACA and other immigration issues. Senators on both sides want long-term funding for our troops. Bipartisan, bicameral negotiations on these matters have been under way for months.  Here is the difference between the Democratic leader and the rest of us tonight--the difference. He wants to keep the government shut down for hundreds of millions of Americans until we finish negotiating on the subject of illegal immigration. He wantsto keep the government shut down until we finish a negotiation on the subject of illegal immigration--shutting down the government over illegal immigration.  Look, those discussions on the immigration issue continue. We don't have to shut down funding for our veterans, military families, opioid centers, or anyone else who relies on the Federal Government over the issue of illegal immigration. The occupant of the Chair is one of the people involved on that very subject. There is a lot of interest here on both sides of the aisle in dealing with it. But it is not an emergency. All of these other issues, which are affected by the government's shutdown, are emergencies, particularly the children's healthcare issue.  Look, the American people know what is going on here. They have this figured out. The survey this week shows that a majority of Americans say that funding the government is more important than passing legislation on DACA--legislation, by the way, that doesn't really exist, which the Democratic leader cannot present to us. We hear a lot of talk about it, but we haven't seen it.  Fewer than half of Democrats--in this poll I am talking about--say that dealing with DACA is more urgent than keeping the government open. These numbers came in before Americans picked up their newspapers this morning. When they did, they read from the Associated Press exactly who is responsible for this chaos. From the AP: ``Democrats blocked a four-week stopgap extension in a late-night vote, causing the fourth government shutdown in a quarter of a century.'' You might say that they pinned the tail on the donkey.  The New York Times, not exactly a bastion of rightwing sentiment, put the blame exactly where it belongs. ``Senate Democrats blocked passage of a stopgap spending bill to keep the government open.''  Senate Republicans remain ready and eager to end this totally manufactured crisis. This is not a crisis. This is a manufactured crisis. We voted to avoid it entirely in our bipartisan vote last night. We are ready to vote again. All the country needs is the Democratic leader to withdraw his filibuster and let a bipartisan majority pass this bill and reopen the U.S. Government.  Earlier today, I asked for consent to move up a vote on this bipartisan solution and to end the craziness today. The Democrats objected. That will not work forever. If they continue to object, we cannot proceed to a cloture vote until 1 a.m. on Monday. But I assure you, we will have the vote at 1 a.m. on Monday unless there is a desire to have it sooner.  In the meantime, shutdowns have consequences. The Democratic leader may be playing for political points. But the rest of us understand the readiness of our Armed Forces, health coverage for poor children, and survivor benefits for families of fallen servicemembers are the furthest thing from a game--playing with all of those lives over the issue of illegal immigration.  Congress has a lot of work to do. We need to provide for our war fighters, secure the border, resolve the DACA issue, continue work on healthcare, and attend to many other key priorities. I want to move forward on all these issues, and we can when the Democratic leader's filibuster comes to an end. These talks are only being delayed--not advanced, but delayed--by the Democrats' filibuster and the Democratic shutdown it has created.  I want to assure the American people that we will be right back at this tomorrow. I say again to the American people, we will be right back at this tomorrow and for as long as it takes. We will keep at this until Democrats end their extraordinary filibuster of government funding and children's healthcare and allow a bipartisan majority of Senators to reopen the Federal Government for all Americans and to get Congress back on track.  The Democratic leader may put his personal political priorities ahead of everything else, no matter the cost, but Republicans stand with the American people.  