Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 4044, the Religious Liberty and Charitable Donation Clarification Act of 2006.  During the 105th Congress the Religious Liberty and Charitable Donation Protection Act of 1998 was signed into law by President Clinton. This bipartisan measure, introduced by Senator Hatch, sought to protect the rights of debtors to continue to make religious and charitable contributions after they filed for bankruptcy relief. In addition, the act protects religious and charitable organizations from having to turn over to bankruptcy trustees donations these organizations received from individuals who subsequently filed for bankruptcy relief.  As many of you will recall, a major overhaul of the Bankruptcy Code was enacted last year as the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act. The clear intent of that act was not to disturb the rights of debtors to continue to make charitable contributions or to tithe pursuant to the 1998 act. Nonetheless, at least one court has construed Bankruptcy Code section 1325, amended by the 2005 act, to prohibit chapter 13 debtors with above-median incomes from making charitable contributions or tithing.  To address this judicial confusion, this bill simply clarifies that a chapter 13 debtor who is subject to section 1325(b)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code, may make charitable contributions or tithe to the same extent determined in accordance with Bankruptcy Code section 1325(b)(2)(A)(ii).  S. 4044 is a bipartisan measure that makes good sense. Donations are used by religious or charitable organizations to fund valuable services to society which serve the common good. This principle, for example, is recognized in the Internal Revenue Code's provisions concerning the deductibility of certain charitable contributions. Individuals who, for religious or other reasons, wish to donate to such organizations, even if they are in bankruptcy themselves, should not be deprived of this right.  I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  