Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1785, a bill to amend the Vessel Hull Design Protection Act. The version before us is the manager's amendment to the bill. In addition to the vessel hull design amendments, S. 1785 includes the text of three other intellectual property bills that have been the focus of considerable bipartisan discussion and deliberation. These bills are not controversial and therefore have been included as a part of the manager's amendment.  First, S. 1785 amends the Vessel Hull Design Protection Act by requiring courts to examine the statutorily protected components of a vessel, the hull as well as the deck, separately when determining whether a third party has infringed on a design.  This change responds to a Fifth Circuit Court case which, if allowed to stand, will render the statute meaningless, thereby encouraging knock-off artists to sell boats with inferior-designed hulls to consumers. The Judiciary Subcommittee on the Courts, the Internet, and Intellectual Property reported this bill favorably to the full committee on March 1, 2006.  Second, S. 1785 includes the text of House Concurrent Resolution 319, which commemorates the Bayh-Dole Act on its 25th anniversary. This is the law that enables inventors to retain their property interest in patented products that are subsidized by Federal financing. The concurrent resolution was unanimously approved by the Judiciary Committee earlier this year.  Third, S. 1785 includes the text of H.R. 5120, a bill that amends title 35, United States Code, to conform certain filing provisions within the Patent and Trademark Office. This legislation allows the director of the PTO to accept a pharmaceutical patent extension request for not later than 5 days after the current statutory deadline, which is 60 days from the date that the Food and Drug Administration approves the drug for use.  The applicant must prove to the director's satisfaction that the delay in filing was unintentional. In any event, the director retains the discretion to grant or to deny an extension. It is not automatic. The Subcommittee on Courts, the Internet, and Intellectual Property conducted a hearing on H.R. 5120 on September 14.  Finally, S. 1785 includes the text of H.R. 2955, the Intellectual Property Jurisdiction Clarification Act. This measure responds to a recent court case by reaffirming the plenary authority of the Federal Circuit to hear all patent appeals, which was the clear intent of Congress since the circuit's creation in 1982. This bill was reported by the Judiciary Committee on April 5 of this year by a voice vote.  Mr. Speaker, S. 1785 incorporates timely bipartisan legislation to enhance public safety, commemorate the Bayh-Dole Act and make other needed clarifications and improvements to U.S. intellectual property law.  I urge my colleagues to support the legislation and send it to the other body to ensure its timely consideration and passage.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  