Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, this bill is not even close to the outer parameters of the Constitution. What it does is it allows the sharing of fingerprint data identification that has all been constitutionally collected with school districts who are hiring new personnel to find out if they have something in their background that would disqualify them from a job working with children. And that is all there is to it.  The fingerprints were valid. It is merely sharing the fingerprints with somebody who has got a legitimate use for them.  Now, there are criminal penalties involved for those who use those fingerprints for other than verifying somebody who is applying for a job at a school or volunteering there, for any other purpose whatsoever.  What has been said in the debate, using the Michigan cases and the two California cases, shows that there are loopholes in the present system that allow people who wish to molest children to get jobs undetected of their past record. And what the gentleman from Nevada is doing is making sure that those people are identified before they can wreck another young life.  What's wrong with that? This doesn't need perfection. It is simple; it is straightforward. And it ought to pass.  Mr. McKEON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4894, the School Safety Acquiring Faculty Excellence Act, a measure to provide school districts with the ability to ensure the safety of their classrooms.  I thank Mr. Porter for leading the charge in making certain that children in our schools are learning in the safest environment possible. America's teachers are at the very heart of our education system and play a vital role in the lives of children. Their daily one-on-one interaction with the children in their classrooms cannot easily be matched.  It is for those reasons that we want to be certain that our teachers are of no threat to our children. The School Safety Acquiring Faculty Excellence Act is a logical and realistic approach to providing school administrators the tools necessary to help ensure their schools are safe.  Mr. Speaker, teachers deserve our utmost appreciation for their service and lifelong dedication to education. It is through this legislation, however, that we also address the realities of today and provide reassurance that we are keeping predators out of our classrooms. The safety and protection of our schoolchildren is imperative.  Again, I would like to thank Mr. Porter for his continued efforts to help guarantee the safety of our schools, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  