Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am afraid that my distinguished colleague from Ohio hasn'tread the bill, so I will read it for him. At the end of page 7 in the Senate-passed bill, there is a subsection (e) called ``rules of construction,'' which says, in part: nothing in this section shall be construed, one, to prohibit any expressive conduct, including peaceful picketing or other peaceful demonstration, protected from legal prohibition by the first amendment to the Constitution.  Two, to create new remedies for interference with activities protected by the free speech or free exercise clause of the first amendment to the Constitution regardless of the point of view expressed or to limit any existing legal remedies for such interference.  That means that if somebody wishes to peacefully protest research on animals, they can do so, as the statute, with the amendment that was adopted on the floor in the other body, specifically prohibits a prosecution for that.  Now, let's look at what the people this bill has been designed to go after have been saying:  ``I don't think you would have to kill too many researchers. I think that for 5 lives, 10 lives, 15 human lives, we could save 1 million, 2 million or 10 million nonhuman lives.'' Animal Liberation Press Officer Jerry Vlasak at the 2003 National Animal Rights Conference in Los Angeles.  Second: ``Arson property destruction, burglary and theft are `acceptable crimes' when used for the animal cause.'' That quote was from Alex Pacheco, who is the director of PETA.  Third: ``I wish we all would get up and go into the labs and take the animals out or burn them down.'' That is Ingrid Newkirk, president of PETA at the National Animal Rights Convention `97, June 27, 1997.  ``Get arrested. Destroy the property of those who torture animals. Liberate those animals interned in the hellholes our society tolerates.'' That is Jerry Vlasak of the Animal Defense League again on an Internet post of June 21, 1996.  ``We have found that civil disobedience and direct action has been powerful in generating massive attention in our communities . . . and has been very effective in traumatizing our targets.'' J.P. Goodwin, Committee to Abolish the Fur Trade at the National Animal Rights Convention in Los Angeles June 27, 1997.  Or: ``In a war you have to take up arms, and people will get killed, and I can support that kind of action by petrol bombing and bombs under cars, and probably at a later stage, the shooting of vivisectors on their doorsteps. It is a war, and there is no other way you can stop vivisectors.'' Tim Daley, British Animal Liberation Front leader.  Finally, another one from Jerry Vlasak: ``If they won't stop when you ask them nicely, they don't stop when you demonstrate to them what they are doing is wrong, then they should be stopped using whatever means are necessary.''  This bill is designed to criminalize whatever means are necessary outside the Constitution.  