Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I had a lengthy statement that I wanted to put in the Record, but we have a lot of demands for speakers, so I will be brief and include the full statement in the Record under general leave.  I rise in strong support of H.R. 4472, the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006. The continued vulnerability of America's children to sexual predators is a national tragedy that demands strong congressional action. During the 109th Congress, the House has twice passed broad child safety legislation; in September 2005 and then in March of this year. I want to commend the other body for recognizing the importance of following the House's lead to address this issue.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4472 contains strict national offender registration and data sharing requirements to ensure that law enforcement agencies in America's communities know where sex offenders live and work, and to provide stiff criminal penalties for sex offenders who fail to comply with these enhanced registration requirements. This legislation would make it crystal clear to sex offenders: You better register, you better keep the information current, or you are going to jail.  The bill also increases criminal penalties to punish and deter those who prey on children, and it authorizes important grant programs that will help ensure the safety of our Nation's children.  Mr. Speaker, 25 years ago, John and Reve Walsh suffered the devastating loss of their 6-year-old son, Adam, who was abducted and murdered by a child predator. With courage and determination, the Walshes channeled the grief of their son's loss into a national campaign to spare other families from ever facing the pain they will always endure.  And I would just like to point out that in the well, there is a picture of this darling child who was brutally murdered.  Their quarter century of sacrifice has made America's children safer, and it is in the memory of their son Adam that this legislation is named.  Mr. Speaker, the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 represents the most comprehensive Federal child safety legislation ever considered by this House. It reflects this body's boldest commitment yet to protecting America's children against sexual predators.  I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the motion to suspend the rules and send this vital and historic legislation to the President's desk for his signature.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4472, the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006.  Adam Walsh, Jacob Wetterling, Megan Nicole Kanka, Pam Lychner, Jetseta Gage, Dru Sjodin, Jessica Lunsford, Sarah Lunde, Amie Zyla, Christy Fornoff, Alexandra Nicole Zapp, Polly Klaas, Jimmy Ryce, Carlie Brucia, Amanda Brown, Molly Bish, Elizabeth Smart, Samantha Runnion. The names of these innocent victims are seared into the national consciousness but only represent a fraction of children victimized by violent sexual offenders. Their names comprise a roll call of insufferable loss and a call to national action--the injustice of each assault compounded by the cruel recognition that it might have been prevented. The continued vulnerability of America's children to sexual predators is a national tragedy demanding strong congressional action. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4472 responds to this urgent call.  There are over a half million sex offenders in the United States and up to 100,000 offenders are unregistered and their locations unknown to the public and law enforcement. H.R. 4472 contains strict national offender registration and data sharing requirements to ensure that law enforcement agencies and America's communities know where sex offenders live and work. The legislation provides stiff criminal penalties for sex offenders who fail to comply with these enhanced registration requirements.  By requiring national registration obligations, regular updates, frequent in-person verification, and providing tough and targeted criminal penalties, we intend to make one thing clear to sex offenders across this country--you better register, and you better keep the information current, or you are going to jail. This legislation will also utilize the United States Marshals Service in assisting States to hunt down missing sex offenders.  To provide the public with important information concerning the status and location of sex offenders, the bill requires States to maintain Internet sites with accurate and accessible offender information, and to provide timely notification of changes in sex offender information to law enforcement authorities, as well as educational, and other community organizations. H.R. 4472 also creates the National Sex Offender Public Website so that anyone can search any location in the country to determine where sex offenders are located.  In addition to vital improvements to the sex offender registry, the bill increases criminal penalties to punish and deter those who prey on children. These tough new provisions include: the death penalty for the murder of a child; a mandatory minimum of 25 years in jail for kidnaping or maiming a child; and a 30-year mandatory minimum for having sex with a child under 12 or sexually assaulting a child between 13 and 17 years old. The bill would also make an alien's failure to register a deportable offense and bar convicted alien sex offenders from having family-based petitions approved.  In order to better protect America's children against the growing threat of online sexual predators, the Adam Walsh Act establishes a 20-year mandatory jail sentence for members of a child exploitation enterprise, provides a 10-year consecutive mandatory penalty for any sex offender who commits an offense against a child, authorizes additional resources to prosecute child pornographers, and expands civil remedies for sexual offenses against children. The bill also provides new grant programs to combat sexual abuse of children, authorizes new crime prevention campaigns, child fingerprinting campaigns, and establishes a national registry of substantiated child abuse cases.  Mr. Speaker, 25 years ago, John and Reve Walsh suffered the devastating loss of their 6-year-old son Adam, who was abducted and murdered by a child predator. With courage and determination, the Walshes channeled the grief of their son's loss into a national campaign to spare other families from ever facing the pain they will always endure. Their quarter century of sacrifice has made America's children safer, and it is in the memory of their son Adam--whose loss galvanized their heroic service--that this legislation is named.  During the 109th Congress, the House has twice passed broad child safety legislation in September, 2005, and in March of this year. I commend the other body for recognizing the importance of following the House's lead to address this issue.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation benefited greatly from the tireless efforts of many Members of this body. I wish to thank my colleague from Wisconsin, Mr. Green, for his efforts to further strengthen this legislation by requiring States to include juvenile sex offenders in these registries. The Chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Mr. Coble, as well as Representatives Foley, Chabot, Pence, Harris, Gillmor, Poe, Brown-Waite, Cramer, Graves, and Pomeroy also deserve recognition for their important contributions to this bipartisan legislation.  Mr. Speaker, the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 represents the most comprehensive Federal child safety legislation ever considered by this House. It reflects this body's boldest commitment yet to protecting America's most vulnerable and precious members--our children--against sexual offenders. I urge my colleagues to send this vital and historic legislation to the President's desk for his signature.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to recognize all of those who worked so hard to see this bill through to completion.  From the House Judiciary Committee's Majority Staff, I would like to specifically thank Phil Kiko, Sean McLaughlin, Rob Tracci, Brian Benczkowski, and Katy Crooks. From the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security, I want to thank Michael Volkov, Caroline Lynch, and Spencer Morgan, and Johnny Mautz from Chairman Coble's staff.  From the Leadership, I would like to thank Margaret Peterlin, from the Speaker's Office, Jo Marie St. Martin from the Majority Leader's Office, and April Ponnuru, from the Whip's Office.  Additional House Staff who I would like to thank are: Bobby Vassar, counsel to Bobby Scott, Ranking Minority Member, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security; Bradley Schreiber of Representative Foley's staff; Ryan Osterholm of Representative Green's staff; Ryan Walker of Representative Gillmor's staff; Melanie Rhinehart of Representative Pomeroy's staff; Josh Pitcock of Representative Pence's staff; Tim Morrison of Representative Kennedy's staff; Christine Calpin of Representative Thomas's staff; Ian Ryder of Representative Wasserman-Schultz's staff; Whitney Rhodes and Pam Davidson of the House Education and Workforce Committee staff; and David Cavick and Ryan Long, of the House Energy and Commerce Committee staff.  I would also like to thank Doug Bellis from the Legislative Counsel's Office for his dedication and assistance in the drafting of this important legislation.  From the Senate, I would like to thank Allen Hicks and Brandi White of Senator Frist's staff; Michael O'Neill, Matt Miner, Todd Braunstein, of the Senate Judiciary Committee; Ken Valentine and Tom Jipping of Senator Hatch's staff; Joe Matal of Senator Kyl's staff; James Galyean of Senator Graham's staff; Dave Turk of Senator Biden's staff; Bruce Cohen, Julie Katzman and Noah Bookbinder of Senator Leahy's staff, Nicole Gustafson of Senator Grassley's staff, as well as Chad Groover, who has since left Senator Grassley's office but who played a critical role in developing many of the penalty enhancements included in title II; Christine Leonard of Senator Kennedy's staff; Lara Flint of Senator Feingold's staff; Nate Jones of Senator Kohl's staff; Sharon Beth Kristal of Senator DeWine's staff; Reed O'Connor, Matthew Johnson and Lynden Melmed of Senator Cornyn's staff; Jane Treat of Senator Coburn's staff; Greg Smith of Senator Feinstein's staff; Marianne Upton of Senator Durbin's staff; Bradley Hayes of Senator Sessions's staff; Preet Baharara of Senator Schumer's staff.  Additionally, I want to thank Avery Mann, from America's Most Wanted, who played a significant role; Michelle Laxalt, who took a great personal interest in this bill and from the outside helped a great deal. I also want to thank the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, especially Ernie Allen, John Libonati, Robbie Callaway, and Carolyn Atwell-Davis, for their efforts.  Finally, I would like to pay respect to just some of the victims who really helped with this bill: Mark and Amie Zyla from my State of Wisconsin, who have been tireless advocates in support of this bill; Linda Walker, the mother of Dru Sjodin; Mark Lunsford; Erin Runnion; Marc Klass; Polly Franks, Patty Wetterling; and last but not least--really, really, we can never thank them enough--John and Reve Walsh.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  