Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1998, the Stolen Valor Act, which expands existing law prohibiting the fraudulent use of military decorations or medals.  The men and women of our Armed Forces risk their lives every day to preserve America's freedom. They sacrifice for our liberties with courage, patriotism and humility. They do not seek fame or celebrity status when told that they are heroes, and they often respond, ``I am just doing my job.''  While we can never fully pay our military heroes our debt of gratitude, America honors their service and sacrifice with military decorations and medals such as the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star, the Navy Cross, and our Nation's highest military decoration, the Congressional Medal of Honor.  Unfortunately, the significance of these medals is being devalued by phony war heroes who fabricate their honors and military careers. They do so for greed and selfishness, and disrespect the service and sacrifice of our military heroes, as well as the honor they uniquely deserve. Federal law enforcement authorities have responded to these imposters by launching a dozen investigations currently underway.  In Illinois, one man attended numerous Marine Corps functions, military funerals and fund-raisers, posing as a retired Marine Corps colonel. He claimed to have been awarded the Purple Heart eight times, the only marine to have obtained such a distinction, as well as the Navy Cross. It turns out he never served a single day as a Marine.  In St. Louis, Federal authorities arrested a man at a local Marine Corps event who claimed to be a decorated officer. He had previously been spotted at the annual Marine Corps Birthday Ball wearing a Navy Cross, two Silver Stars, four Bronze Stars and numerous other medals. He, too, never served a single day as a marine.  Perhaps the most egregious example of this fraud was perpetrated by a 10-year marine sergeant who secured $66 million in security contracts from the military based upon fictitious combat experience in Panama and Somalia, with fabricated Silver Stars, Purple Hearts, Bronze Stars and Air Medals. Upon learning of the man's fraudulent combat record, the military revoked the contracts, but by this time he had already fled the country.  The FBI estimates that for every legitimate Navy SEAL team member, there are roughly 300 imposters. Moreover, there are roughly only 124 living recipients of the Medal of Honor, yet more than twice as many falsely claim to have received it.  The Stolen Valor Act enhances penalties for those who masquerade as decorated war heroes. It expands the existing prohibition against wearing, manufacturing or selling military decorations or medals without legal authorization. The bill also imposes penalties for falsely representing one's self as the recipient of any medal or honor authorized by Congress for the armed services, and increases penalties for violations involving a Distinguished Service Cross, an Air Force Cross, a Navy Cross, a Silver Star, a Purple Heart or the Congressional Medal of Honor.  On September 7, the other body passed this bill by unanimous consent. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  