 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 32, the Stop Counterfeiting in Manufactured Goods Act. This legislation, which is substantially similar to legislation that passed the House by voice vote in May of 2005, contains important provisions to facilitate efforts by the Department of Justice to prosecute those who exploit the good names of companies by attaching counterfeit marks to substandard products.  As amended by the other body, H.R. 32 includes changes to the definition of ``traffic'' contained in Federal counterfeiting statutes to permit the prosecution of persons who import or export counterfeit products or possess counterfeit products with the intent to transport, transfer, or distribute such products.  Counterfeiting is a serious problem. Legitimate businesses work hard to build public trust and confidence in their products. When a legitimate company's name is attached to counterfeit products, that company may suffer financial losses and may also have its reputation tarnished as a result.  In addition, counterfeit products are often purchased unwittingly by consumers who have come to rely on the quality of a product from a company they know and trust. What unsuspecting consumers of counterfeit products often receive is a low-quality, and potentially dangerous, imitation. Some of these products are such poor imitations of the original that they have caused physical harm to consumers.  The FBI has identified counterfeit goods in a wide range of products including pharmaceuticals, automobile parts, airplane parts, baby formula, and children's toys. The U.S. automobile industry has reported a number of instances of brake failure caused by counterfeit brake pads manufactured from wooden chips. Counterfeits of other products, such as prescription or over-the-counter medications, may have serious health consequences if consumed by consumers.  Under this legislation, section 2320 of title 18 would be expanded to include penalties for those who traffic in counterfeit labels, symbols, or packaging of any type knowing that a counterfeit mark has been applied. Additionally, H.R. 32 would require the forfeiture of any property derived directly or indirectly from the proceeds of the violations as well as any property used, or intended to be used, in relation to the offense. It also requires that restitution be paid to the owner of the mark that was counterfeited.  In fiscal year 2003, the Department of Homeland Security reported 6,500 seizures of counterfeit-branded goods including cigarettes, books, apparel, handbags, toys, and electronic games with an estimated street value of $94 million. According to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the number of seizures for violations of intellectual property rights increased by 11.8 percent between fiscal year 2003 and fiscal year 2004 to 7,255 seizures for an estimated value of $139 million. Fortune 500 companies are spending between $2 million and $4 million a year each to fight the counterfeiters.  The counterfeiting of manufactured goods produces staggering losses to businesses across the United States and around the world. Counterfeit products deprive the Treasury of tax revenues, add to the national trade deficit, subject consumers to health and safety risks, and leave consumers without any legal recourse when they are financially or physically injured by counterfeit products.  In addition, established links between counterfeiting, terrorism, and organized crime have made this a priority for Federal law enforcement agencies. H.R. 32 will help the Federal Government stop the wave of counterfeit products flooding the marketplace.  Before closing, I would like to thank and congratulate the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Knollenberg), the author of the House-passed legislation, for his tireless efforts to address the counterfeiting problem. He has crafted a good piece of legislation that has broad bipartisan support. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  