Chairman, I yield myself the balance of the time.  Mr. Chairman, let me just set the record straight. When the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Chabot) conducted the hearings before the Subcommittee on the Constitution, he allowed nonmembers of the Judiciary Committee to come and participate in the hearings and to ask questions of the witnesses that came before the hearing. And I know that the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Westmoreland, did participate very actively. We were very happy that he came, and appreciate the contributions that he made.  So we have not been exclusionary at all. And a lot of other committees simply do not allow nonmembers of the committee to participate. Mr. Chabot did.  But I would like to point out that much of the impetus behind this amendment comes from Georgia. And I think the fallacy of the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) is that he wants to base coverage exclusively on voter participation and not on any other factors, and that is what the constitutional flaw is.  The reason that section 5 does have the preclearance requirement is based on a number of factors, including the past history of discrimination and discriminatory voting practices.  In Georgia there have been 91 objections since the last reauthorization by the Department of Justice, and seven of them have been objections that have resulted in withdrawal of voting changes since 2002. So the arguments that Georgia isn't doing all this bad stuff anymore are not borne out by the statistics of what has been submitted to the Justice Department and where preclearance has been rejected.  During the general debate today, I introduced two rather extensive reports into the record from outside groups that gave the history of section 5 objections and voting rights problems in the State of Georgia since the 1982 reauthorization.  Now, the amendment that Mr. Norwood has proposed is a Trojan horse. It is designed to make the section 5 protections unconstitutional. And I guess the argument that I am hearing, the result of which is that if you can't win here, jiggle the law so that it ends up being declared unconstitutional in court.  This has been an important part of the Voting Rights Act. We should not run the risk of changing the formula that has met the test of time with repeated constitutional challenges. That is why the Norwood amendment should be rejected.  I urge a ``no'' vote.  