Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in support of H.R. 4772, the Private Property Rights Implementation Act. Members will recall that this bill was debated on Monday and failed under suspension of the rules, and this is the same bill that is being brought up today under a rule.  I would thus hope that all of the debate that we had for and against the bill would be incorporated by reference into the Record, and that Members could kind of modulate their arguments because we have heard them all before and we don't need to repeat them, as will I.  Mr. Speaker, the vast majority of Americans were outraged by a recent Supreme Court decision that severely undermined constitutionally protected property rights. The case of course is the notorious Kelo v. City of New London. In Kelo, the Supreme Court held that a city can take private property from one citizen and give it to a large corporation for economic development purposes.  I, along with Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Conyers, led the charge to correct that terrible decision by introducing H.R. 4128, the ``Private Property Protection Act'' which passed the House of Representatives by the overwhelming bipartisan margin of 376-38. However, that bill now languishes in the other body despite overwhelming public support.  In any case, the Supreme Court's recent disregard for constitutionally protected private property is unfortunately not confined to the Kelo decision. In the case of Williamson County v. Hamilton Bank, which was reaffirmed last term in the case of San Remo Hotel v. City and County of San Francisco, the Supreme Court upheld a set of procedural rules that effectively prohibit private property owners from ever getting into Federal court to have their Federal property rights claims heard on the merits.  I congratulate again the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Chabot) for authoring this vitally important legislation that will finally allow property owners to defend their Federal property rights in Federal court.  This bipartisan legislation was reported out of the Judiciary Committee by a voice vote on July 12. I hope it will receive the same bipartisan support on the floor today, and urge my colleagues to support the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  