Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5825, the Electronic Surveillance Modernization Act. In 1978, Congress enacted the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA for short, in order to provide a mechanism for the domestic collection of foreign intelligence information.  The goal of FISA was to secure the integrity of the fourth amendment while protecting the national security interests of the United States. When FISA was enacted, domestic communications and international communications were fundamentally different from one another. Specifically, domestic communications were transmitted via wire, while international communications were transmitted via radio.  In modern times international communications are increasingly transmitted through undersea cables which are considered wire. H.R. 5825 provides a technology-neutral definition of electronic surveillance to ensure that international communications are treated the same under the law regardless of the technology used to transmit them.  The bill also simplifies the process for getting a FISA court order and returns the focus of FISA to protecting those with a fourth amendment expectation of privacy.  On December 16 of last year, based on the leak of classified information, the New York Times published a story regarding a terrorism surveillance program operated by the National Security Agency. The President subsequently acknowledged that he had authorized this program after 9/11 to intercept the international communications of those with known links to al Qaeda and related terrorist organizations.  Notwithstanding the administration's position that this program is fully consistent with U.S. law and the Constitution, the President has requested that Congress provide additional and specific authorization to ensure that U.S. laws governing electronic surveillance are updated to reflect modern modes of communication.  Mr. Speaker, terrorist organizations are global in scope, and rely on electronic communications to plan and execute their murderous designs. Wecan all agree that electronic communications must not be impervious to detection by U.S. law enforcement intelligence officers whose vigilance has helped avert another terrorist attack on our soil in the 5 years since the 9/11 attacks.  As General Hayden testified on July 26, 2006, the National Security Agency intercepts communications and does so for only one purpose: ``To protect the lives, liberties and well beings of the citizens of the United States from those who would do us harm.''  General Hayden also noted that ``the revolution in telecommunications technology has extended the actual impact of the FISA regime far beyond what Congress could ever have anticipated in 1978, and I do not think that anyone can make a claim that the FISA statute was optimized to deal with 9/11 or to deal with the lethal enemy who likely already had combatants inside the United States.''  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5825 updates FISA to reflect modern technology and the changing nature of the terrorist threat. This legislation combines the Judiciary Committee's provisions that streamline the FISA process with the Intelligence Committee provisions that provided the President much needed statutory flexibility to conduct surveillance of foreign communications.  This legislation responds to the urgent need to provide our Nation's law enforcement intelligence communities with 21st-century tools to meet and defeat a 21st-century threat.  It is crucial to improving our national efforts to detect and disrupt acts of terrorism before they occur on American soil. This bill is the product of extensive discussion and thoughtful deliberation. It will make America safer while safeguarding American civil liberties.  Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this vital legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  