Chairman, this is a poison pill amendment. If this amendment is adopted, the supporters of this legislation will withdraw their support, and the extension to the Voting Rights Act would be defeated. So from a practical standpoint, the amendment should be opposed; but on a substantive standpoint, it should be opposed as well.  A recent survey of 1,000 registered voters was conducted on the Voting Rights Act's provision requiring bilingual ballots for taxpaying legal citizens under certain circumstances.  Let me make this clear. The amendments in the Voting Rights Act have nothing to do with illegal immigrants voting. Illegal immigrants are not eligible to vote. We are dealing with people who are United States citizens. And United States citizens ought to have their right to vote protected even if they are not proficient in English.  When those surveyed were asked specifically whether they supported or opposed the renewal of the Voting Rights Act with bilingual ballot provisions, 70 percent of the registered voters supported or strongly supported a renewal bill that contained the bilingual ballot provisions for taxpaying legal citizens. I ask the membership of the House to stand on the side of those 77 percent, an overwhelming majority.  When those polled were asked specifically what they thought of the part of the VRA that required States and counties where over 5 percent of the citizens are not fluent in English to provide assistance in their native language, 65 percent either strongly favored or favored those provisions.  Even though section 203 affects only 12 percent of the country, it was enacted for sound reasons and is still needed to remove barriers to voting by legal taxpaying citizens who do not speak English well enough to participate in the election process. According to the 2000 Census, most of the people who are potential beneficiaries of section 203 assistance are native-born legal citizens, meaning they are not immigrants who were naturalized, they are people who are citizens because they were born in the United States of America.  The Judiciary Committee's records shows that adults who want to learnEnglish experience long wait times to enroll in English as a second language literacy centers. And, once enrolled, learning English takes adult citizens several years to even obtain a fundamental understanding of the English language. Even after completing literacy classes, it is often not enough to understand complex ballots.  I strongly support the proposition that Americans be fluent in the English language. However, effectively denying them their right to cast ballots that they cannot comprehend will not advance this goal, but will frustrate it.  Section 203 was enacted to remedy the history of educational disparities which have led to high illiteracy rates and low voter turnout. These disparities still continue to exist. As of the year 2000, three-fourths of the 3 million to 3.5 million students who are native-born citizens were considered to be English language learners, meaning the students don't speak English well enough to understand the basic English curriculum. ELL students lag significantly behind native English speakers and are twice as likely to fail graduation tests. California has over 1.5 million ELLs, Texas 570,000, Florida 25,000, and New York over 230,000.  The intricate complexity of many ballot initiatives cannot be understood by those who understand minimal English. Chris Norby, the elections supervisor for Orange County, California, testified that many ballot initiatives include triple negatives that confuse even fluent English speakers. In California, the June 6, 2006 ballot was written for those at the 12th through 14th grade comprehension and reading levels.  And let me point out that this type of assistance is most critical in those States that have lots of referendum questions on the ballot. It is pretty easy to determine a vote for which candidate one prefers by looking at the names and marking the ballot in the appropriate way; but with the initiative questions and the referendum questions on the ballot, those have been written in many cases by Philadelphia lawyers and it is real hard to understand the true meaning of the question so that one can cast the proper vote to reflect their sentiments.  The amendment will also hurt the elderly who are exempt from the naturalizations test language proficiency requirements and are not required to learn any English whatsoever before they become legal naturalized citizens.  Current law allows the jurisdiction to get out from coverage under section 203 if it shows the D.C. Federal court that the applicable language minority population's literacy rate is at the national average or above. So teach the people how to read and you are out from underneath it. If they don't know how to read English, then they should be under it. In this way, section 203 provides an incentive for jurisdictions to develop successful ways of helping non-English speakers learn English. Adopting this amendment would remove that incentive and subvert the goals it purportedly advances.  Furthermore, the assistance authorized under section 208, which is the provision that authorizes voters to be accompanied into the polling booth under the Voting Rights Act, does not provide adequate protection for many language minority voters. With the increased number of linguistically isolated households in this country, seeking assistance of a family member is not feasible. The assistance provided by section 203 is the only certain form of assistance that language minority citizens can rely on to exercise the right to vote and enjoy autonomy and independence in the voting booth.  I would like to remind members that 2 weeks ago, on June 28, the House soundly rejected on a bipartisan basis and by a vote of 167-254 an effort to defund the Department of Justice's efforts to enforce section 203 during the consideration of the Commerce Justice State appropriations bill.  I believe that one of the cornerstones of American society is the ability to speak English. English is the language of commerce in this country, and I believe every citizen should strive to become proficient in the English language. However, punishing those who don't attain this goal and taking away the incentive for local jurisdictions to develop educational programs to increase the literacy rate above the national average is not the answer. That is why this amendment should be rejected  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  