 Madam Speaker, I think this is an example about the way this place does business. On a bipartisan basis we passed the Adam Walsh Bill and that was signed into law by the President at the end of July. And that was the single greatest protection of children law that had been passed by the Congress in decades. And I was the author of that legislation. I worked with people on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol, and I think that this was a really great accomplishment of this Congress. And it shows what can happen when people work in a bipartisan manner.  Now, we get to this bill after the election is over with, and there has been a change of control on both sides of the Capitol. I don't think that it can be disputed that the volunteers who set the rules of play should be exempted from liability. Now, these are the people that write the rule book. You know, they are not the people that actually coach the kids. They are not the people who make the equipment. They are not the people who provide the playing fields and either maintain them properly or don't maintain them properly. They are the ones that write the rule book. And a lot of the rules for amateur sports, whether it is at the high school or college or intramural level or whatever, those rules are designed to protect to the greatest extent possible the kids who compete in those sports, and that is what this bill is designed to protect.  Now, I think that the complaints that were made by my friends on the other side of the aisle, that this bill could have been interpreted to provide immunity or a limitation of liability on those who commit acts of sexual assault or sexual molestation or sexual harassment against the kids were legitimate. And that is why the bill is amended.  Now, when this bill was put on the Suspension Calendar last week by the leadership, we circulated an amendment to the minority party. We gave them the proposed language that is being debated and disputed early yesterday morning, and we never heard from them. And we followed up several times yesterday by staff to get their comments, and we never got any comments. We tried again this morning before this bill came up and never got any comments as well. The first we heard about their opposition to the legislation and the letters that have been cited by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Zoe Lofgren) was when we got to the floor today.  Now, that is their prerogative to do that, as it is the prerogative of any Member of this House, whether in the majority or in the minority. But the fact is that what we have heard from the other side of the aisle is designed to defeat this legislation altogether, as it was in the 108th Congress. And that would be a shame, because defeating this legislation is only going to hurt the volunteers who are making rules to protect children, rather than to protect people who might commit sexual offenses against them. We ought to protect the volunteers who make those rules, those volunteers who write the rule book, and the associations that bring those volunteers together so that kids can enjoy sports and play and learn the value of competition and the value of fair play. And if you can't get volunteers to write the rule book, then you are not going to be able to have kids' sports at all. So let's put the kids first and pass this bill.  Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  