Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2965, the Federal Prison Industries Competition and Contracting Act of 2006. This bill is substantially similar to H.R. 1829, which this body passed overwhelmingly during the 108th Congress by a vote of 350-65.  As reported by the Judiciary Committee, the bill includes additional bipartisan improvements that resulted from negotiations with the Justice Department, prison fellowship, and other interested parties.  Since my early days in the Congress, I have been committed to reforming Federal Prison Industries, or FPI, because I believe the manner in which this program currently operates imposes unacceptable burdens on government agencies, taxpayers, inmates, and private sector businesses.  Under the current system, Federal agencies are required by law to purchase FPI products that meet the agencies' requirements and do not exceed current market prices. The mandatory source requirement eliminates competition with the private sector, harming businesses and stifling the creation of new jobs for law-abiding Americans. FPI enjoys a mandatory market for its goods, a facility to produce them in and cheap labor to manufacture them.  Despite these advantages, government agencies frequently pay more for FPI products than if they were purchased from the private sector. The Government Accountability Office concluded in a 1988 report that ``The only limitation on FPI's price is that it may not exceed the upper end of the current market price range.'' The GAO report also raised questions about the timeliness of delivery of these products and the quality of FPI products.  While the FPI has had serious problems, this legislation does not seek to eliminate it, but would reform FPI to require that it compete for Federal Government contracts in the same manner as other businesses. FPI is well equipped to succeed in the competitive marketplace because it is not faced with the same operating costs as average businesses, such as providing health insurance, retirement benefits, or paying union wages. And the facilities, of course, that FPI does use in the manufacturing process are Federal prisons and not on property tax rolls.  In recent years, FPI has demonstrated its competitiveness by obtaining several large, multiyear contracts with the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies, even though government procurement policies have been changed to permit these agencies to determine whether FPI products meet competitive pricing and quality benchmarks.  This legislation also helps inmates by establishing a position of Inmate Work Training Administrator to create additional inmate work opportunities, and allows FPI to create a program that will allow inmates to perform jobs that are being performed outside the United States. The bill also addresses concerns about providing meaningful training for inmates by requiring FPI to devote some of its earnings to additional inmate vocational training, education opportunities, and release preparation.  The bill increases access to educational opportunities, including remedial and modern, hands-on vocational programs which have been shown to be effective in reducing recidivism. The bill provides alternative inmate work opportunities by authorizing the production of products or services for donation to community service organizations, and allows Federal inmates to perform public service work for units of local government.  Finally, the bill addresses concerns about the low wages paid to inmates by requiring the Secretary of Labor to establish an inmate training wage in consultation with the Attorney General for those performing FPI jobs.  Mr. Chairman, as Members of Congress, we have a duty to ensure that government corporations do not take away opportunities from small businesses. We have a duty to ensure that the taxpayers' money is wisely spent. Neither of these things can be guaranteed under the current FPI regime. By passing this legislation we will ensure that all Federal Government agencies will have the ability to utilize taxpayer dollars in the most efficient manner possible, and that private industry will have the right to compete with FPI for contracts.  H.R. 2965 will also ensure the continued viability of FPI, and provides many avenues for FPI to pursue alternative rehabilitative work and training opportunities for inmates.  Mr. Chairman, I am proud of this comprehensive legislation to reform the Federal Prison Industries. I urge Members to support it.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  