Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 683, the Trademark Dilution Revision Act of 2006.  The foundation of trademark law is that certain words, images and logos convey meaningful information to the public, including the source, quality and goodwill of a product or service.  Unfortunately, there are those in both commercial and noncommercial settings who would seize upon the popularity of a trademark at the expense of the rightful owner and the public. Dilution refers to conduct that lessens that distinctiveness and value of a mark. This conduct can debase the value of a famous mark and mislead the consuming public.  A 2003 Supreme Court decision, Mosely v. V Secret Catalogue, Inc., compelled the Committee on the Judiciary to review the Federal Trademark Dilution Act. H.R. 683 was drafted based on this review and is intended to clarify what Congress meant when it passed the dilution statute a decade ago. Enactment of this bill will eliminate confusion on key dilution issues that have increased litigation and resulted in uncertainty among the regional circuits.  H.R. 683 provides that the owner of a famous distinctive mark is entitled to an injunction against any person who uses in commerce a mark that is likely to cause dilution by blurring or tarnishment. The bill states that a mark may only be ``famous'' if it is widely recognized by the general consuming public in the United States. In determining whether a mark is famous, a court is permitted to consider all relevant factors, including the duration, extent, and geographic reach of advertising and publicity of the mark.  Finally, the bill provides that the owner of a famous mark is only entitled to injunctive relief under the bill, unless the defendant acted willfully. In the case of a willful act, the owner may also seek damages, costs, and attorneys' fees as well as destruction of the infringing articles under separate Lanham Act provisions.  Mr. Speaker, the House passed this bill on April 19, 2006, by a roll call vote of 411-8. The other body amended the bill on March 8, 2006, and passed the version before us by unanimous consent. The amendments narrow the application of the dilution statute to trademark dress law; creates a free-speech exclusion for noncommercial use of a mark; and shifts the burden of proof in certain trade-dress actions to the plaintiff. These changes were negotiated with the full participation of interested legislators and stakeholders, including Internet service providers and the American Civil Liberties Union.  I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  