Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5418 to establish a pilot program in certain U.S. district courts to encourage enhancements of expertise in patent cases among district judges. It is widely recognized that patent litigation has become too expensive, too time consuming, and too unpredictable. This addresses those concerns by authorizing a pilot program to improve the expertise of Federal district judges responsible for hearing patent cases.  The need for such a program is apparent. Patent cases account for nearly 10 percent of complex cases and consume significant judicial resources. Despite the investment of the additional resources by district judges to these cases, the rate of reversal on claim construction issues remains excessive.  One sitting Federal judge characterized the manner that the judiciary employs to resolve these cases as marked by ``institutional ineptitude.'' I would say, parenthetically, that that is a remarkable admission by a Federal judge.  The premise underlying H.R. 5418 can be stated in three words: practice makes perfect. Judges who are able to focus more attention on patent cases are more likely to avoid error and thus reduce the likelihood of reversal.  The bill requires the director of the Administrative Office of the Courts to select five district courts to participate in a 10-year pilot program to enhance judicial patent expertise. The bill specifies criteria that the director must employ in determining eligible districts and then preserves the continued random assignment of cases to prevent the pilot districts from becoming magnets for forum-shopping litigants.  Finally, the legislation will require the director to provide both the Houseand Senate Judiciary Committees with periodic reports to help assess the program's efficiency and effectiveness.  Mr. Speaker, the bill does not purport to comprehensively address all of the ill associated with patent litigation, nor does it seek to substantively amend the patient laws or the judicial process. However, the program established by this bill will enhance judicial expertise in this crucial area while providing Congress important information to further improve the administration of patent claims.  Mr. Speaker, I commend the two gentlemen from California, Mr. Schiff and Mr. Issa, for introducing this bill. I urge Members to support this important legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  