Chairman, this amendment is a bad one because it would authorize the FPI to sell inmate-furnished services in the commercial market, which it first initiated in August of 1998.  In February of that year, FPI obtained a legal memorandum from the Department of Justice Criminal Division stating that the sale of inmate-furnished services was not expressly prohibited by existing law, notwithstanding the fact that 18 U.S.C. section 1761(a) generally prohibits the introduction of results of inmate labor into the commercial market.  This view was later adopted as the Department's official position, and though not issued by the Office of Legal Counsel, the then Attorney General offered FPI's new commercial market service initiative based on the Criminal Division's opinion.  FPI's 1934 authorizing statute prohibits sales into the commercial market. The Attorney General was persuaded to authorize commercial sales of inmate-furnished services by FPI because neither FPI's authorizing statute nor the generally applicable prohibition, also from the 1930s, specifically mentions services. In the 1930s, services were not a large part of the economy, so they were not specifically mentioned by the legislation.  However, the clear intent of the statute was to prohibit such sales in the commercial market, because they would create unfair competition and cause liability concerns. The reinterpretation reversed 75 years of precedent. The bill would clarify that FPI cannot sell either goods or services in the commercial marketplace. It would grandfather all contracts that are operational at the time of the agreement. That for the first time specifically authorized FPI to enter into services contracts with Federal agencies. However, it would not allow new contracts for services in the commercial marketplace.  The amendment would permit FPI to continue its 1998 self-authorized expansion into the commercial services marketplace without restriction. It would continue to subject non-inmate workers being paid market driven wages, and the firms that employ them to unfair competition, using FPI workers being paid an average FPI wage of $.90 an hour. If you are for the minimum wage, you would have to be against this amendment, because there is competition.  Additionally, telemarketing contracts, which are the most common forms of services provided, might allow inmates access to the personal financial information of individuals, raising significant privacy concerns. If you are for privacy, you ought to be against the amendment.  For these reasons, I hope the amendment is defeated.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  