Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4356, the Emergency and Disaster Assistance Fraud Penalty Enhancement Act of 2005. Since Hurricanes Katrina and Rita last year, Congress has provided more than $68 billion in relief to the region, including funding for human services like unemployment, housing assistance, and crisis counseling. In addition, charities like the Red Cross and the Salvation Army have contributed more than $5 billion to relief efforts.  With such vast resources put into the pipeline so quickly, fraudsters and scam artists went into high gear in an effort to take advantage of these government programs as well as the generosity of the American people contributing to nongovernment organizations.  Earlier this month, the United States Government Accountability Office testified that the Federal Emergency Management Agency paid an estimated $600 million to $1.4 billion in improper and potentially fraudulent disaster assistance claims in the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.  GAO also reported examples of the types of disaster assistance crimes typically perpetrated on the American taxpayer. In one common scam, FEMA provided millions of dollars of rental assistance to cover a thousand individuals who used the names and Social Security numbers of prison inmates to obtain benefits.  In another instance, 750 debit cards, containing more than $1.5 million in disaster assistance funds, were provided to individuals who were not actual victims of the storms. GAO determined that some of these funds were used to procure things like diamond jewelry, Caribbean vacations, professional football tickets, and divorce lawyer services. In another case, FEMA paid $139,000 in fraudulent claims so that an individual who used 13 different Social Security numbers could obtain benefits.  To its credit, the Department of Justice has responded quickly to the problem. In September 2005, the Attorney General established a Hurricane Katrina Fraud Task Force, which includes DOJ, Homeland Security, Treasury, the FBI, Federal Trade Commission, and other Federal partners, as well as representatives of State and local law enforcement. Since its formation, 24 United States attorneys have charged 261 people in 218 cases with various criminal activities, and have obtained so far 44 guilty pleas or convictions.  Despite these efforts, it is clear the current criminal penalties are insufficient to deter disaster fraud. In March 2006 alone, DOJ announced 17 new indictments and four guilty pleas for Katrina- and Rita-related disaster fraud. In May of this year, the United States Attorney for the Middle District of Florida charged 26 people with similar acts of fraud.  To enhance Federal law enforcement's ability to combat and deter disaster fraud, this bill contains the following substantive provisions: first, the bill creates a new Federal crime to prohibit fraud in connection with any emergency or disaster relief, including Federal assistance or private charitable contributions, as long as the benefit was authorized or paid in interstate commerce, transported through the mail, or is anything of value to the United States. 