Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6166, the Military Commissions Act of 2006.  This legislation is critical to the national security interests of the United States. The bill creates a fair and orderly process to detain and prosecute al Qaeda members and other dangerous terrorists captured during the war on terror. It also sets clear ground rules pertaining to how we will treat these prisoners in our custody. The way we treat terrorist enemy combatants sends a strong signal to the rest of the world about our commitment to the rule of law.  This legislation says to the world that the U.S. rejects torture, rejects cruel and inhumane treatment and rejects other tactics commonly used by our terrorist enemies. It says that we will not subject enemy combatants in our custody, many of whom planned and supported the largest mass murder ever on American soil, to the cruel and brutal treatment they regularly utilize against our soldiers and our civilians.  At the same time, this bill also makes it clear to the terrorists and their lawyers that America will not allow them to subvert our judicial process or disrupt the war on terror with unnecessary or frivolous lawsuits. The bill strikes the right balance. It establishes a mechanism that is full and fair, but also orderly and efficient.  In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks, the administration began detaining foreign terrorists as ``enemy combatants'' at Guantanamo Bay and instituted procedures to review their statusand to prosecute them for war crimes by military commissions authorized by the President. During this time, detainees filed suit in Federal Court to challenge the legality of their detention and of the commissions.  The Supreme Court then held in the Rasul case that the Federal habeas corpus statute protected Gitmo detainees. To address Rasul, Congress passed the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005, which barred habeas and other lawsuits by detainees in U.S. custody, but provided for limited judicial review of DOD detention decisions by the D.C. Circuit.  In June, the Supreme Court held in Hamdan that the DTA did not bar nearly 200 habeas corpus petitions and the other lawsuits by detainees pending on the date of enactment, despite clear statutory language and Supreme Court precedents to the contrary.  This bill clarifies congressional intent to prohibit any habeas corpus petitions or other lawsuits pending on or filed after enactment brought by any alien in U.S. custody detained as an enemy combatant or awaiting such a determination.  The Supreme Court has never, never held that the Constitution's protections, including habeas corpus, extend to non-citizens held outside the United States. In fact, the Supreme Court rejected such an argument in 1950 in the case of Johnson v. Eisentrager. Moreover, in the 1990 Verdugo case, the Court reiterated that aliens detained in the United States but with no substantial connection to our country cannot avail themselves of the Constitution's protections. As a result, any argument that this bill breaks new ground or improperly denies detainees certain constitutional rights is both groundless and misguided.  Despite the fact that detainees have very few rights under our Constitution, this bill reflects Congress's statutory determination that they are entitled to an orderly process and a full and fair review of the government's core decisions authorizing their detention by the D.C. Circuit, a respected article 3 court.  As we consider this legislation, it is important to remember first and foremost that this bill is about prosecuting the most dangerous terrorists America has ever confronted. Individuals like Khalid Sheik Mohammed, the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, or Ahbd al-Nashiri, who planned the attack on the USS Cole. None of their victims was treated with the kind of respect for human life and the rule of law embodied in this legislation which will apply to them.  I urge my colleagues to support this vital legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  