Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3930, the Military Commissions Act of 2006, which is identical to legislation this House passed in a bipartisan manner on Wednesday evening by a vote 253-168. The other body voted 65-34 to approve this bill last night.  Let me say that the only reason we are here today is because the other body has committed a flagrant act of legislative plagiarism, once again. The House passed its version of the bill first. They would not take up a bill with an ``H.R.'' number but instead picked up the work product that this House did, put an ``S.'' number on it, and thus required us to have an hour debate on this issue for a second time.  I regret that, and I think all of the arguments that were made on Wednesday when we fully and thoroughly debated this bill are just as valid today as they were 2 days ago. Because there is not one word changed in the legislation between the time it passed the House and the time the Senate reintroduced it with an ``S.'' number and put us through an hour debate on the rule and an hour debate on the same bill, in my opinion unnecessarily.  Having said that, on the merits of the bill, the way we treat terrorist enemy combatants sends a strong signal to the rest of the world about our commitment to the rule of law. This legislation says we will not subject enemy combatants in our custody to the cruel and brutal treatment they regularly utilize against our soldiers and civilians.  At the same time, this bill makes it clear to the terrorists and their lawyers in America that America will not allow them to subvert our judicial process nor to disrupt the war on terror with unnecessary or frivolous lawsuits. The bill strikes the right balance. It establishes a mechanism that is full and fair but also is orderly and efficient.  Indeed, the bill provides some 26 new rights to terrorist detainees, far more rights than any other system employed in history to try suspected war criminals. Those who have suggested that this legislation will be found unconstitutional are misguided.  In this legislation, we accomplish precisely what a majority of the Supreme Court, and particularly Justice Breyer, invited us to do in the Hamdan case: construct a full set of rules for conducting military commissions that meet the fundamental test of fairness under our Constitution.  On habeas corpus, let me again restate Congress' understanding of the law, because it is against this backdrop that we pass this legislation today.  The Supreme Court has never held that the Constitution's protections, including habeas corpus, extend to noncitizens held outside the United States. To repeat, the Supreme Court has never held that the habeas corpus protections contained in the Constitution apply to noncitizens held outside the United States.  In fact, the Supreme Court rejected such an argument in the 1950 case of Johnson v. Eisentrager. That portion of Eisentrager is still good law. Moreover, in the 1990 Verdugo case, the court reiterated that aliens detained in the United States but with no substantial connection to our country cannot avail themselves of the Constitution's protections.  If the Supreme Court follows its own precedents and takes seriously its invitation to Congress to legislate in this area, the Court should have no problem concluding that this bill passes constitutional muster.  As we consider this legislation, it is important to remember, first and foremost, that this bill is about prosecuting the most dangerous terrorist that America has ever confronted, individuals like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, or Ahbd Nashiri, who planned the attack on the USS Cole. None of their victims was treated with the same kind of respect for human life and the rule of law that is embodied in this legislation.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and let me reiterate for my colleagues the 26 rights for terrorist detainees that are created by this legislation. They include:  The right to be informed of the charges against them as soon as practicable;  The right to service of charges sufficiently in advance of trial to prepare a defense;  The right to reasonable continuances;  The right to preemptory challenge against members of the commission and challenges for cause against members of the commission and the military judge;  Witness must testify under oath, and judges, counsels and members of the military commission must take an oath.  There is a right to enter a plea of not guilty.  There is a right to obtain witnesses in other evidence.  There is a right to exculpatory evidence as soon as possible.  There is a right to be present in court with the exception of certain classified evidence involving national security, preservation of safety or preventing disruption of proceedings;  The right to a public trial except for national security issues or physical safety issues;  The right to have any findings or sentences announced as soon as determined;  The right against compulsory self-incrimination;  The right against double jeopardy;  The defense of lack of mental responsibility;  Voting by members of the military commission by secret written ballot;  Prohibition against unlawful command influence toward members of the commission, counsel or military judges;  Two-thirds vote of members required for conviction and three-quarters vote required for sentence of life or over 10 years, and unanimous verdict required for the death penalty;  Verbatim authenticated record of trial;  Cruel or unusual punishments are prohibited;  Treatment and discipline during confinement the same as afforded to prisoners in U.S. domestic courts;  The right to review the full factual record by the convening authority; and  The right to at least two appeals, including to a Federal Article III appellate court.  I submit, Mr. Speaker, that none of the people who have been beheaded by terrorists had any of those rights.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  