Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, last summer, I was honored to be invited to address the NAACP convention, which was held in Milwaukee, and I got a very good reception in talking about reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act, which my committee will be dealing with shortly, as well as overturning the Supreme Court's erroneous decision in the case of Kelo v. City of New London, Connecticut, which basically said that there were no constitutional protections against a municipality using eminent domain to take a person's private property simply because the city fathers and mothers decided that there would be a way to get more tax revenue out of that piece of land.  That bill has passed the House of Representatives and is currently pending in the other body, and I hope we can have eminent domain reform passed during this session of Congress, as well as the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act.  Mr. Speaker, I submit for inclusion at this point in the Record the speech that I gave to the NAACP convention in Milwaukee on July 10, 2005.       Good evening. Thank you for this opportunity to talk      briefly about two important issues facing us right now: an      extension of the Voting Rights Act and the Supreme Court's      recent 5-4 decision in the Kelo case, which held that the      government can use ``economic development'' as a reason for      taking private property.       Among my proudest moments was accompanying members of the      NAACP and Dr. Marsha Coleman-Adebayo for the signing of the      No FEAR Act, legislation that aims to stamp out      discrimination in federal agencies. The bipartisan passage of      No FEAR, the first civil rights legislation of the 21st      century, should serve as a model for future civil rights      bills.       On August 5,2005, the United States will celebrate the 40th      anniversary of one of the most significant pieces of      legislation enacted during the 20th Century--the Voting      Rights Act. This profound legislation pushed back against      those unwilling to treat all citizens as equals and restored      the dignity and equality that our Constitution is intended to      preserve for all citizens.       Our democratic system of government has as its most      fundamental right the right of its citizens to participate in      the political process. Adopted 135 years ago, the 15th      Amendment ensures that no American citizen's right to vote      can be denied or abridged by the United States or a State on      account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.      As far too many here know and have experienced, some      government entities have not only been unfaithful to the      rights and protections afforded by the Constitution, but have      aggressively--and sometimes violently--tried to      disenfranchise African-American and other minority voters.       In his momentous speech delivered to Congress on March 15,      1965, President Lyndon B. Johnson stated, ``[e]xperience has      clearly shown that the existing process of law cannot      overcome systematic and ingenious discrimination. No law that      we now have on the books--and I have helped to put three of      them there--can ensure the right to vote when local officials      are determined to deny it. In such a case our duty must be      clear to all of us. The Constitution says that no person      shall be kept from voting because of his race or color. We      have all sworn an oath before God to support and to defend      that Constitution. We must now act in obedience to that      oath.''       Seeing the Voting Rights Act's impact compelled me in 1982      to lead the House Republican effort to extend it for 25      years. This effort wasn't easy--but then again, very      important things never are. While I proudly display in my      Washington office one of the pens President Ronald Reagan      used to sign this extension, the fruits of this effort can      best be seen on the faces of those not only participating in      the political process but actively leading it.       In the 1960s, all major civil rights legislation was passed      with strong bipartisan support. Lately, this has not been the      case as some have tried to use the issue of civil rights to      obtain a partisan advantage. This is both wrong and      shortsighted. The stakes have not been higher in the past 20      years.       In 2007, several key protections contained in the Voting      Rights Act will expire, including the federal oversight      protections provided by Section 5. I am here to tell you      publicly what I have told others privately, including the      head of the Congressional Black Caucus, Representative Mel      Watt--during this Congress we are going to extend the Voting      Rights Act. I am not alone in the Congress in supporting an      extension; indeed, House Speaker Dennis Hastert last week      stated that reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act is high      on his list of issues the House will address this Congress.       Soon I will be introducing legislation to extend the Voting      Rights Act. Just like its enactment and its 1982 extension,      this bipartisan effort will succeed. Ladies and gentlemen,      while we have made progress and curtailed injustices thanks      to the Voting Rights Act, our work is not yet complete. We      cannot let discriminatory practices of the past resurface to      threaten future gains. The Voting Rights Act must continue to      exist--and exist in its current form.       I also want to mention my strong opposition to the Supreme      Court's recent 5-4 decision in the Kelo case, which held that      the government can use ``economic development'' as a reason      for taking private property from one small homeowner and      giving it to a large corporation simply because the      corporation's greater wealth will bring the government more      tax revenue.       As the NAACP so correctly noted in its brief filed with the      Supreme Court in the Kelo case, ``The takings that result      [from the Court's decision] will disproportionately affect      and harm the economically disadvantaged and, in particular,      racial and ethnic minorities and the elderly.''       The noxious practice endorsed by the Court's Kelo decision      has generated bipartisan opposition. Last week, I introduced      H.R. 3135, the ``Private Property Rights Protection Act of      2005,'' with the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee,      Mr. Conyers, as the lead Democratic cosponsor, and      Representatives Maxine Waters, Sheila Jackson-Lee, and 87      additional Members as original cosponsors.       This legislation would prevent the Federal government from      using economic development as a justification for taking      privately-owned property. It would also prohibit any State or      municipality from doing so whenever Federal funds are      involved with the project for which the government's takings      power is exercised.       American taxpayers should not be forced to contribute in      any way to the abuse of government power. One man's home must      not become a hotel or strip mall solely because the      government seeks more tax revenue. I am looking forward to      working with you and all organizations opposed to the Supreme      Court's Kelo decision. We must ensure that churches, homes,      farms, and other private property cannot be bulldozed in      abusive land grabs that benefit other private individuals,      who claim that their use of the land will increase tax      revenues.       Last week, America celebrated the 229th anniversary of her      independence. Let us all work towards the day--envisioned by      our Founders and affirmed by Frederick Douglass--in which the      rich inheritance of justice, liberty, prosperity, and      independence bequeathed by our Founders is shared by all      Americans.       Ladies and gentlemen, I look forward to continuing to work      together and thank you for this opportunity to address you.  