Speaker, this motion to recommit guts the bill. There is no question about the fact. My friends on the other side of the aisle do not want to have cooperative agreements between the Federal Government and State and local law enforcement to help enforce the immigration laws.  The bill that was never messaged by the other body prohibits such a practice, and that means that our State and local law enforcement officials have their hands tied behind their back when they see violations of immigration laws. They have to see a crime actually committed, which means that if the other side has their way, you are going to have victims, and we don't want that. We want to make sure that the immigration laws are enforced, and we need the help, voluntarily, of State and local law enforcement to be able to do that.  The motion to recommit also guts the ability to ensure vigorous enforcement against alien smugglers, and it also guts the ability to end the catch and release of illegal immigrants caught along our borders. Now, in the letter from Secretary Chertoff of the Department of Homeland Security that I introduced into the Record earlier in this debate, clearly shows the problem that has occurred as a result of an injunction against expedited removal of Salvadorans.  Now, what nationality are the people in the MS-13 gangs? Largely Salvadorans. So to get rid of MS-13, we have got to pass this bill and vote down the motion to recommit.  Now, this motion is ineffectual, because only the Appropriations Committee can actually fund increases in any account, whether it is the Department of Homeland Security or anyplace else.  Led by Republicans, the House and Senate Appropriations Committee have done a stellar job in increasing the funding for new agents. Over this year and next, our appropriators will increase Border Patrol strength by 2,700 agents. This is close to the maximum number of new agents who can realistically be recruited and adequately trained in this time span.  Now, the other side can have a pie-in-the-sky number, thousands or hundreds of thousands and the like, but we have a limited capacity to recruit and train new agents, and the appropriators are very close to the max in doing this.  Vote down this pernicious motion; pass the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  