 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution which commemorates the life and career of former Justice Sandra Day O'Connor upon her retirement from the United States Supreme Court.  Justice O'Connor's 24 years on the Supreme Court capped a distinguished four-decade career of public service. Born in El Paso, Texas, on March 26, 1930, and raised in rural Arizona, O'Connor served on the Law Review at Stanford Law School and took just 2 years to finish the normal 3-year curriculum. She graduated third in a class of 102, which included former Chief Justice of the United States William H. Rehnquist.  Unable to find work at law firms that at the time refused to hire female attorneys, she became a deputy county attorney in San Mateo County, California. This was the first of many public sector jobs Justice O'Connor held throughout her career. She served as the assistant attorney general of Arizona from 1965 to 1969, and then in the Arizona State senate from 1969 to 1975. In 1973, Justice O'Connor became the first woman in any State to become the majority leader of a State senate.  She began her career as a jurist in 1975 when she was elected to become a judge in the Maricopa County Superior Court. She was subsequently appointed to the Arizona Court of Appeals in 1979 and served in that capacity until President Ronald Reagan nominated her to fill the seat of former Justice Potter Stewart on August 19, 1981. The U.S. Senate unanimously confirmed Justice O'Connor on September 21, 1981, and she was sworn in 4 days later, making her the 102nd, and first female, Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.  She served a decisive role in crafting the majority opinion in many important cases, but perhaps her greatest accomplishment was in serving as a role model to countless women. Indeed, at the time Justice O'Connor graduated from Stanford Law School, women comprised just 4 percent of all law school students. By 2004, women accounted for approximately half of all students enrolled in law schools.  Throughout her entire career, Justice O'Connor put public service first. Even as she announced her retirement on July 1, 2005, she agreed to serve until the President could nominate and the Senate confirm her replacement.  I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ginny Brown-Waite) for introducing this resolution. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it, and in wishing Justice O'Connor a happy and relaxing retirement with her husband, John.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  