Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Concurrent Resolution 335, a resolution honoring the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People on the occasion of its 97th anniversary.  This resolution recognizes that the NAACP has played an important role in helping to ensure that our constitutional guarantees are extended to all citizens.  Founded on the centennial of Republican President and Great Emancipator Abraham Lincoln's birthday in 1909, the NAACP represents America's oldest civil rights organization. Through members such as Rosa Parks, who ignited the national civil rights movement, and former Justice Thurgood Marshall, whose leadership led to the landmark legal victory in Brown v. Board of Education, the NAACP has helped galvanize efforts to promote the promise of equality that our Constitution envisioned.  Through nonviolent means, the NAACP led the Nation's effort to seek passage of the 1957, 1960, 1964, and 1968 civil rights acts. Challenging Federal, State, and local officials and governments to accord equal legal treatment to all citizens, the NAACP has sought to promote racial equality in areas such as education, employment, housing, and public facilities.  In 1965, the NAACP led the movement to seek passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, one of the most significant pieces of legislation passed during the 20th century. Committed to extending the protections of the 15th amendment and the Voting Rights Act to all African Americans, the NAACP worked tirelessly to register tens of thousands of new voters despite threats of violence. The NAACP has helped advance each reauthorization effort, including in 1982, when I was privileged to lead that bipartisan effort with my Democratic colleagues. I will lead that bipartisan effort with my Democratic colleagues again this spring when the Voting Rights Act is once again renewed.  I urge my colleagues to support this resolution to recognize the NAACP fortheir contributions toward equality in America.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  