Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1871, the Volunteer Pilot Organization Protection Act. This bill is narrowly tailored to correct specific liability exposure for volunteer and nonprofit activities.  In 1997, Congress passed the Volunteer Protection Act to shield volunteers from liability from some forms of negligence in response to concerns that America's lawsuit culture was inhibiting this country's rich tradition of volunteerism. However, that act does not protect volunteers who operate an automobile, vessel or aircraft, nor does it protect the organizations that coordinate the volunteers.  There are approximately 30 separate volunteer pilot organizations flying for the public benefit, the largest of which function together as Angel Flight America. These organizations coordinate almost 8,000 volunteer pilots, who fly anywhere from one to 50 volunteer missions a year, all at their own personal expense. These pilots conductpublic benefit aviation, which includes activities ranging from environmental observation, wilderness rescue, delivery of medical supplies and organs, and transport of medical patients. In the area of medical patient transport alone, volunteer pilot organizations provided free, long-distance transportation to over 40,000 patients and their escorts in 2003.  As beneficial as these groups are in the normal course, they are crucial in times of crisis. For example, in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, Angel Flight America, through its role with the Homeland Security Emergency Air Transportation System, flew over 500 missions in the first week after the storm, bringing in emergency workers, agency staff, volunteers, and supplies.  These volunteer pilots also flew high-risk individuals to safer locations, and once there assisted groups such as the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children in reuniting parents and children separated in the evacuation of New Orleans. Overall, Angel Flight America coordinated over 2,200 flights in the areas affected by Hurricane Katrina, second only to the United States military.  Despite the invaluable services they provide, these groups are not protected from liability by the Volunteer Protection Act and face difficulty in obtaining the necessary insurance because of liability exposure fears. In many cases, the volunteer pilot organizations cannot obtain, at any cost, the type of liability insurance that they need. In addition, hospitals and other medical establishments are sometimes reluctant to refer patients to volunteer pilot medical transport services because of their own fear of liability exposure based upon the simple act of recommending needy patients to nonprofit volunteer pilots.  This legislation limits the liability exposure for volunteer pilots and organizations by bringing them within the scope of coverage of the Volunteer Protection Act. The legislation will not confer blanket immunity. Liability will attach for gross negligence or reckless, willful, or criminal misconduct. The bill would also have an added benefit of allowing hospitals, clinics and other organizations, including those organizations active in rescue operations like the American Red Cross, to refer needy patients for no-cost medical transport with less fear of their own liability exposure.  Further, the bill requires that the pilots purchase insurance in order to be covered by the liability protections.  I would also note that this bill contains two amendments that address specific concerns that were raised about earlier versions of this bill. The first amendment, which was adopted during the committee markup, ensures that the liability protections do not extend to anyone who engages in terrorist activities.  The second amendment, which was negotiated after the markup with Representative Scott of Virginia and Representative Drake, provides that volunteer pilots, who are required to carry insurance under the bill, can be liable up to the limits of that insurance. The pilots would not, however, be personally liable for any amounts above their insurance for simple negligence.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1871 will end the cycle of litigation and the threat of such litigation that has stifled the efforts of public-minded volunteer pilots who risk their lives to assist others. The bill is supported by a wide array of charitable organizations, including the American Red Cross, the National Organization For Rare Disorders, Angel Flight America, and the National Air Transportation Association.  In 2004, the House overwhelmingly passed similar legislation with the support of 385 Members. I would urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time  