Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4894 sponsored by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Porter). This legislation provides our Nation's schools with an additional tool to ensure the safety of our schoolchildren when hiring teachers, staff and volunteers.  Children are our Nation's greatest resource. Parents trust that when they send their children off to school they will be provided a safe environment in which to learn. Teachers are vested with a tremendous responsibility of preparing kids for a successful future, and the overwhelming majority of our educators conduct themselves as consummate professionals.  Unfortunately, we sometimes hear about teachers who engage in criminal conduct involving students. These few bad apples not only jeopardize our children's safety, but tarnish the reputation of those in the educational community. While all incidents of this nature are an outrage, the tragedy of some is compounded when these deplorable actions are perpetrated by individuals whose past criminal record should have identified them as potential threats.  Today all States require some type of background check for school employees. Unfortunately, some individuals with alarming records of criminal conduct slip through the cracks. Last year police in Charlevoix, Michigan, discovered that a convicted sex offender was volunteering as the director of the AmeriCorp program for the local school district. The man had an arrest record dating back to 1964, including sex offenses involving children.  School officials submitted the man's date of birth, Social Security number and driver's license number for a background check through the State system. However, his criminal record did not show up because the man had legally changed his name some 20 years earlier. Authorities learned of his criminal history only after he underwent a fingerprint check for a weapons permit.  In May, a California teacher was convicted on 17 counts of molesting nine students. Just last week, a second California teacher was arrested on charges that he molested a third-grade student. Even more disturbing is that this man had been suspected of a similar incident in 1990 and arrested for attempted rape in 1994.  This bill gives States direct access to Federal fingerprint databases to make sure that convicted sex offenders never work in a school again. Many school districts are experiencing a surge in growth that in turn increases the demand for qualified teachers and staff. Schools are under added pressure to expedite the hiring process to meet this demand. H.R. 4894 streamlines access to the Federal fingerprint databases so schools can be confident that they are hiring upstanding teachers and staff.  The bill authorizes the Attorney General to provide States with accurate fingerprint-based background checks for current school employees and prospective faculty, staff and volunteers who work with children. Either the Attorney General or the State may charge a fee for the check. The background information may be released only to the appropriate school official or State education agency, and any person who exceeds this authority or misuses the background information may be fined or imprisoned for up to 10 years.  I commend the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Porter) for his work on this issue, and urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  