Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5092, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives Modernization and Reform Act of 2006. The bill is a bipartisan bill aimed at providing ATF with a full complement of enforcement tools needed to ensure compliance by Federal firearms licensees with Federal regulations.  A series of oversight hearings by the Crime Subcommittee showed that ATF'S existing enforcement authorities actually hinder its ability to enforce our Nation's gun laws and unfairly impact Federal firearms licensees. This legislation provides a comprehensive response to the concerns raised in those hearings.  For too many years, ATF has labored under a restrictive enforcement scheme which forces the ATF to either revoke a license or do nothing at all. This bill would provide ATF with graduated penalties so that licensees will face the possibility of civil penalty suspensions and the ultimate penalty, revocation of the license. No longer will ATF have to try to cajole licensees to comply or threaten them with heavy-handed revocation proceedings. With this measure ATF will be able to seek a penalty that fits the infraction, depending upon the seriousness of the violation.  In addition, the bill replaces the existing adjudicatory system, which consists of former ATF employees who sit as Administrative Law Judges, with a professional and neutral staff of ALJs who will sit and hear enforcement cases. The bill includes deadlines for hearings and decisions so that enforcement will be expedited. The bill also authorizes ATF to shut down licensees who pose a serious harm to the public.  The bill also remedies a significant problem of enforcement. ATF has usedits enforcement authority to threaten revocation of licenses against gun dealers who make inadvertent or technical mistakes in their paperwork. The subcommittee has heard testimony on this issue, which revealed that ATF treats virtually all errors in dealers records, no matter how few or how minor, as willful violations.  For example, a witness cited that a licensee received a revocation notice for writing a ``Y'' or an ``N'' instead of writing out ``yes'' or ``no'' on a firearms transactions form. That does not make sense. Or in a number of transactions, a revocation notice cited the failure of a firearm arms purchaser to identify country of residence, although the purchaser listed county of residence.  Such enforcement activities are not fair to any notion of due process. The bill clarifies that violations must be knowing and intentional violations versus good faith or technical mistakes in recordkeeping.  I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bipartisan bill, which will improve ATF's enforcement authorities and fairness and justice of their treatment of gun dealers  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  