Speaker, I yield myself the balance of time.  Mr. Speaker, some nights when I drive out of here and go home, I follow some of my Texas friends out of the garage that have a big bumper sticker that says: ``Don't Mess With Texas.'' Tonight is one of the nights where I think we ought to mess with Texas, because what is being proposed here is going to increase the fares of anybody who goes to Texas or decides to go out of the Dallas-Fort Worth area by a significant amount, because it protects monopoly status until 2025. This is the most anticonsumer, antifree enterprise legislation that has come before this House in a long time.  At Dallas-Fort Worth, approximately 85 percent of all passengers board an American or American Air regional carrier flight. This keeps American's near monopoly at DFW. And at Love Field, Southwest has a 95 percent market share.  Now, without the Wright amendment, both of those market shares are monopolistic. And despite what you hear about how this does away with the Wright amendment, it keeps these monopolies in place until the year 2025.  There has been a lawsuit that has been filed against Love Field by people who are standing up for consumers. This legislation extinguishes that lawsuit. The people who filed their lawsuit won't have a day in court to be able to get a fair determination by the judge, because what it does is it provides a backdoor antitrust exemption.  Now, we have to ask ourselves as elected representatives of the people whether we are going to allow a private group of local officials and business people in any community to come to Congress to get themselves exempted effectively from an antitrust law. What this bill does is it effectively delegates that power on this issue to the people who came to Congress, and they asked us to ratify this agreement. We shouldn't be delegating antitrust immunity to anybody. That should be determined by the court.  So if you believe in the operation of the law and letting people have their day in court, this bill ought to be voted down, particularly if you represent the 42 States that aren't covered by the Wright amendment.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  