Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1285, to extend for 3 years the Nursing Relief For Disadvantaged Areas Act of 1999 which provides nonimmigrant visas for nurses in health professionals shortage areas.  A number of hospitals are experiencing great difficulty in attracting American nurses, particularly hospitals serving mostly poor patients in inner-city neighborhoods and those serving rural areas. For example, St. Bernard Hospital in Chicago is the only remaining hospital in an area of over 100,000 people and has a patient base composed entirely of individuals in poverty. St. Bernard almost closed its doors in 1992, primarily because of its inability to attract registered nurses.  In 1999, Congress passed the Nursing Relief for Disadvantaged Areas Act to help precisely these kinds of hospitals. This legislation created a new H-1C temporary registered nurse visa program with 500 visas available a year. To be eligible to petition for an alien nurse, the employer must, one, be located in a health professional shortage area as designated by the Department of Health and Human Services; two, have at least 190 acute care beds; three, have a certain percentage of Medicare patients; and, four, have a certain percentage of Medicaid patients.  The H-1C program adopted protections for American nurses contained in the expired H-1A nursing visa program. For instance, for a hospital to be eligible for H-1C nurses, it has to agree to take timely and significant steps to recruit American nurses, then H-1C nurses have to be paid the prevailing wage. The program also contained new protections such as the requirement that H-1C nurses cannot comprise more than 33 percent of the hospital's workforce of registered nurses, and that a hospital cannot contract out H-1C nurses to work at other facilities. This bill would reauthorize the H-1C program for an additional 3 years.  Our goal in creating the H-1C program was set out in the Immigration Nursing Relief Advisory Committee which recognized the necessity to ``balance both the continuing need for foreign nurses in certain specialties and localities for which there are not adequate domestic registered nurses, and then the need to continue to lessen employers dependence on foreign registered nurses and protect the wages and working condition of U.S. registered nurses.''  The H-1C program reflects this balance. I urge my colleagues to support this reauthorizing legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  