Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6095, the Immigration Law Enforcement Act of 2006, which will allow Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers to more effectively enforce our immigration laws along the border and in the interior of the United States.  Title I of the legislation is based on an amendment to H.R. 4437 offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood). The title reaffirms the inherent authority of State and local law enforcement to voluntarily, and I emphasize the word ``voluntarily,'' assist in the enforcement of U.S. immigration laws. Many local and State law enforcement officers are eager to assist in the enforcement of our immigration laws to protect their communities and serve as a valuable force multiplier to overburdened Department of Homeland Security officers. We should provide them with the clear authority they seek rather than placing obstacles in their way.  Title II of the bill contains the Alien Smuggler Prosecution Act. Currently, the various United States Attorney offices do not use uniform guidelines to prosecute smuggling offenses. While border area U.S. Attorneys face a heavy workload, a lack of sufficient smuggling prosecutions in some areas has become a serious problem. This has encouraged additional smuggling and demoralized Border Patrol and DHS agents who have seen many of the smugglers they have apprehended released.  This title contains a sense of Congress that the Attorney General should adopt uniform guidelines for the prosecution of smuggling offenses by each U.S. Attorney's office and authorizes an increase in the number of attorneys in U.S. Attorneys' offices to prosecute such cases. The bill requires an increase of not less than 20 new attorneys over the previous years' level in each of fiscal years 2008 to 2013, to affirm the urgency of prosecuting the alien smugglers who prey on the most vulnerable.  Title III provides for ending the Catch and Release Act. DHS is subject to Federal court injunctions entered as much as 30 years ago that impact its ability to enforce immigration laws. For instance, one injunction dating from the El Salvadoran civil war of the 1980s effectively prevents DHS from placing Salvadorans in expedited removal proceedings. DHS is using expedited removal to expeditiously remove other non-Mexican illegal immigrants who are apprehended along the southern border in order to end the policy of catch and release, but not Salvadorans.  Under the catch and release policy, non-Mexican illegal aliens picked up by the Border Patrol were simply released into our communities and told to show up months later for removal hearings. They almost never attended. Catch and release made a mockery of border enforcement and has terribly demoralized Border Patrol agents.  Mr. Speaker, this provides law enforcement agencies at all levels of government with the clear authority to help ensure the integrity and enforceability of our Nation's immigration laws.  I urge my colleagues to support the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  