Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4997, the Physicians for Underserved Areas Act, reauthorizes for 2 years the program under which physicians on J-1 visas can work in underserved areas. The program expired on June 1 of this year.  Each year numerous foreign doctors come to the United States to complete their residency training. Many do so using the J-1 visa. One of the requirements for physicians who use the J-1 visa is that the participant return to his or her own country for 2 years upon completion of the training program in the United States. The purpose of this foreign residency requirement is to encourage U.S.-trained physicians to return to their country and to improve medical conditions there.  Since 1994, Congress has waived the 2-year foreign residency requirement for physicians who agree to work in an underserved area of the United States, as designated by the Department of Health and Human Services. Each State receives 30 such waivers a year.  The waiver program allows States to recruit physicians to areas that have trouble attracting newly trained American physicians. Because of this waiver program, many communities that might otherwise have no access to medical services now have physicians nearby. It also responds to an overall shortage of physicians in the United States, which is a disconcerting trend.  A 2-year reauthorization of this program in its current form also gives Congress time to consider whether future changes may be needed to the program. For example, larger States like Texas have expressed a need for additional waivers beyond the 30 currently allowed. It is important that we consider ways to address this problem without putting the small States at a disadvantage. By reauthorizing the waiver program, we will provide States with some relief for the physician shortage they are facing, particularly in rural and underserved areas.  I urge Members to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  