 The deal we have in front of us is a product of extensive negotiations between President Trump's team and the Democratic House. I am confident it is not exactly the legislation that either side of the aisle would have written if one party held the White House, the House, and had 60 votes in the Senate. That is what we call divided government, but I am equally confident that this is a deal that every one of my colleagues should support when we vote on it in the near future.  This government funding agreement is the right deal for our national defense. It is the right deal because it ensures the United States maintains its full faith and credit. It is the right deal because it brings predictability and stability through 2020 and moves toward restoring regular appropriations. It is the right deal because it secures these priorities without partisan poison pill riders that would take us backward on the issue of protecting human life and curtail central Presidential authorities.  The Republicans' No. 1 priority was investing in our national defense. After 8 years of neglect and atrophy under the Obama administration, Congress has worked hand-in-hand with the Trump administration to begin writing a new chapter. More of the resources our Armed Forces need, more flexibility for commanders, more cutting-edge tools for U.S. servicemembers, and more investments in modernization will not only rebuild the military that we need today but set us on the trajectory we need to be on to secure our future.  All in all, I don't think any Senators are actually rooting for a destabilizing continuing resolution. I certainly don't think any Senators are rooting for a debt limit crisis that could put our full faith and credit at risk. I believe that every one of our colleagues wants this agreement to pass. That means every one of our colleagues should actually vote for it.  The House has passed this deal. The President is ready and eager to sign it. It is our turn to do our job.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  