 I am looking forward to attending and hearing the President reflect on the great strides our Nation has made over the past 2 years and his vision for the challenges that are still before us.  From historic tax reform and regulatory reform, to huge progress in the fight against ISIS, to landmark progress in the nationwide fight against opioid addiction, the story over the last 2 years has been one of immense policy progress for our country.  The American people are less interested in beltway melodrama and more interested in the classic question: Am I better off than I was 2 years ago? On this front, thanks to a few key Republican victories and a number of major bipartisan accomplishments, the state of the Union is strong and growing stronger.  It has now been more than 2 years since the American people hired President Trump and a Republican Congress to get Washington's foot off the brake of our economy. Since then, we got to work rebuilding the middle-class prosperity that had hollowed out communities across America under the Obama economy.  After 8 years of watching leftwing policies disproportionately benefit coastal cities and our Nation's largest metro areas while mostly leaving small cities, small towns, suburbs, and rural America behind, the American people wanted a change.  That is exactly what the last 2 years' policies have delivered. Historic tax reform delivered higher take-home pay and helped breathe life into the engine of American job creation and innovation. Landmark regulatory reform cut burdensome compliance costs for small businesses, reigned in Federal overreach on education policy, and defended Americans' rights of conscience.  So what are these policies doing for the American people? I think the answer is pretty clear. All those Americans who had been struggling to find work? Well, today a higher percentage of Americans are working than were ever working at any point under President Obama. For the first time in modern recorded history, we have reached and stayed at a level where there are more job openings nationwide than Americans looking for jobs.  Listen to these headlines: ``Employers' Hiring Push Brings Workers Off the Bench.'' ``Disability Applications Plunge as the Economy Strengthens.''  Listen to this, from one news article:       The tighter labor market is delivering opportunities to a      broad swath of workers who were disproportionately affected      by the last recession. Unemployment has fallen sharply for      blacks, Latinos, younger workers and those without a college      education . . . [and] the deeper jobs pool has been      particularly crucial for improving the economic outlook for      disabled Americans.  These and many more Americans have been able to find work, but what about Americans who already had jobs but felt like their families were treading water and needed to get ahead?  Last year, the amount of money employers spent compensating American workers--those already working--grewat its fastest pace in more than 10 years. Thanks to tax reform, when many working families and small businesses file under the new Tax Code, they will see less of their money has been sent off to the IRS.  So there are more jobs to choose from, more wage growth, and higher take-home pay following tax cuts, but it is also worth looking at where this new prosperity is going.  The last administration's leftwing policies disproportionately benefited the Nation's largest metropolitan areas. It turns out, policies dreamt up in places like New York and San Francisco worked pretty well in places like New York and San Francisco, but the rest of the country decided we could do better.  Today businesses on Main Street and family farms are dusting off their ``Help Wanted'' signs. Smaller cities and States like Indiana, Nebraska, and Ohio have so many job openings that some of these communities are offering sizeable cash bonuses to move there. Smaller communities and rural America recently outpaced the rest of the country in relative job creation. So it is an all-American comeback, and the kinds of places liberal policies left behind are now at the front of the pack.  I have focused this morning on our robust economy. It is helping American families lift themselves higher, but it is just one part of the success story the President will be able to tell tonight.  The last 2 years have seen the White House and the Congress work together to identify pressing national challenges and to develop big bipartisan compromise solutions to attack them head-on. Working together, both parties collaborated on more than a dozen targeted measures to improve access to quality care for our Nation's veterans and passed landmark legislation to help local communities heal the wounds created by opioid addiction.  I am delighted to have one of these local champions as my guest tonight. Lisa Minton is leading on the frontlines of Kentucky's battle against opioid abuse. She runs the Chrysalis House, a treatment facility for pregnant and new mothers fighting addiction in Lexington.  In 2017, I worked with Lisa to secure a $2.6 million grant to expand their services for low-income women and their children. I am glad she will be in the House Chamber this evening, and I am proud to highlight her amazing work this morning.  Working together, a bipartisan majority ended the harmful spending caps that hampered military readiness and made major progress restoring regular order appropriations on behalf of the American taxpayer. A bipartisan majority delivered commonsense relief for local lenders on Main Street from the burden of regulations designed for Wall Street.  These are just a few examples, and it is a good thing we know we can tap into that bipartisan spirit because the American people did not hire us to spend the next 2 years in total gridlock. That is not what they did. When the American people elect divided government, they are saying: We know you disagree on a lot of things, but look to the things you agree on and do those.  If the past few weeks have shown anything, it is that we need to work together across the aisle in order to do our work, and make no mistake, there are significant challenges ahead, such as addressing the ongoing security and humanitarian crisis at our southern border, lowering the cost of healthcare and prescription drugs, and taking further steps to rebuild America's infrastructure.  Tonight I expect the President will offer a serious vision to deal with challenges like these. I look forward to hearing from him and then, throughout the coming year, I look forward to the Senate working closely with him and working closely with each other across the aisle to do just that.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  