 President, I am sorry to note today the recent passing of a dear friend to many and the ending of her quintessentially American story.  On July 13, Mrs. Eva Yeh Chang of San Francisco died peacefully at the age of 100. Eva was born in 1919 in Shanghai during a different era for China. Though she was born into a well-to-do banking family, her first three decades involved significant hardship: the Chinese Civil War, the Japanese occupation in the late 1930s, the Second World War, and the beginning of the Communist Revolution. That final event led Eva and her husband, Fu-Yun Chang, a Harvard-educated diplomat, statesman, and scholar, to leave their lives behind and depart for American shores. They essentially started over in a new country with three young children under the age of 10.  What followed was the kind of entrepreneurial ``start-up life'' that would sound impossible in many other lands but has been the building block of our Nation from the beginning. Eva worked multiple jobs, from retail to waiting tables. Eventually, she saved enough to strike out on her own. First she opened a diner. Then she started one of San Francisco's early Northern Chinese restaurants--a big success--and then came more investments in enterprise and real estate in the city.  Eva didn't just keep what she had built for herself. She put it into service for others. Eva built a new life for her children. She became a pillar of her community, and she used her resources to help a number of her relatives back in China complete the same journey she had made and follow in her footsteps to America.  This remarkable woman may have left us, but the positive effects of her life continue to ripple out. For example, she lived to see her daughter, Ambassador Julia Chang Bloch, become the first-ever Asian-American to serve as a U.S. Ambassador and continue the family legacy of giving back to this Nation.  The Senate stands with the entire Chang family and all who mourn Eva in this time of grief, and we stand with them in celebrating 100 years so well lived.  (At the request of Mr. Schumer, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 