 President, I want to take a moment to recognize a remarkable event that this institution was fortunate enough to witness just a few minutes ago. During the vote we just concluded, our distinguished colleague, the senior Senator from Maine, cast her 7,000th rollcall vote. It is a great milestone for Senator Collins which bears witness to her dedication to this work and most especially to the people of Maine. It is actually even more impressive than that. This wasn't just Senator Collins' 7,000th vote; it was her 7,000th consecutive vote. From the moment she was sworn in, she has not missed a single vote. Difficulties with travel or bad weather? She plans around them. Personal challenges? She adapts and overcomes. Other priorities, like political events or speaking engagements? All that takes a back seat to her day job. No sick days. No getting caught in meetings. No losing track of time in committee. No excuses. Just days and months and years of peerless preparation and remarkable dedication to her Senate duties and to the Members she is so proud to represent. Senator Collins learned from her parents, Donald and Patricia, who each had a turn as mayor of Caribou, ME, among other achievements.  We know our friend Senator Collins deeply admires her predecessor, Senator Margaret Chase Smith--another legendary Maine Republican. Among her achievements, she stood boldly against McCarthyism and insisted on independent thought and fair treatment. But as remarkable as Senator Margaret Chase Smith was, Senator Collins has surpassed her distinguished predecessor in at least one way: Senator Smith's own impressive string of consecutive votes ended just shy of 3,000; Senator Collins has 7,000 and counting.  She is always prepared, always thoroughly well informed, and always present. That is what today's milestone tells us, and that is exactly who Senator Collins is every single day. She is a valued colleague. She is a friend. And frankly, she is an inspiration. Thank goodness she isn't stopping any time soon.  