 President, on a related matter, this week the Senate is considering the National Defense Authorization Act. The current situation with Iran is a stark reminder of our urgent responsibility to ensure our military remains equipped and ready to deter threats and defeat potential challenges to our security.  When we pass the NDAA this week, the Senate will extend a 58-year tradition of authorizing the resources U.S. forces need to stay on the cutting edge. And I hope we will do so with wide, bipartisan support.  This year's NDAA directs $750 billion to fund the priorities of the Department of Defense, from the Navy's fleet strength to missile defense capabilities. It increases procurement for critical weapons systems, doubles down on research and development of next-generation technologies, and makes new investments in training and support services for servicemembers and their families.  In short, this is legislation that sends a clear signal to our men and women in uniform and to the rest of the world. Here is what it says: The United Statestakes today's challenges seriously. We take our commitments seriously. And we take our defense seriously.  So especially in light of current events, I was incredulous to hear the Democratic leader call yesterday to postpone moving forward with the NDAA. Apparently, some of our Democratic friends need to go hit the Presidential campaign trail. They can't be here because they have to go campaign for not 1 day but 2 this week. They are too busy to stay in the Senate and authorize the resources that our All-Volunteer Armed Forces rely on. Postpone legislation on our national defense to accommodate the Presidential race in the middle of this ongoing crisis overseas? Come on. Come on.  I am sorry our Democratic friends feel compelled to skip out so they can compete for the favor of ``the resistance.'' The rest of us, the Republican majority--we are going to be right here. We are going to be right here working and voting to make America stronger and safer.  Of course, the NDAA does not exhaust the urgent priorities we should attend to this week. As my Republican colleagues and I have been arguing for 2 months now--2 months--Congress must address the humanitarian crisis down on the southern border. The situation is well documented. Nobody is in doubt.  For months, record numbers of people have arrived at the border, overwhelming--completely overwhelming agencies and facilities. The Department of Homeland Security has had to redirect resources and personnel from other critical missions to assist the Border Patrol. The Secretary of Health and Human Services has said: ``We are running out of money.'' This is the Secretary of Health and Human Services. ``We are functionally out of space.''  I was encouraged last week when badly needed emergency funding finally garnered some momentum. Under the leadership of Chairman Shelby and Senator Leahy, the Appropriations Committee approved funding 30 to 1. That is about as close to bipartisan as it could ever get.  There is no reason, no excuse, why this noncontroversial measure should not get a similar, overwhelmingly bipartisan vote here on the floor this week--this week, not some other time. Actually, there is no reason it shouldn't happen today. Partisan delays have exacerbated this crisis long enough. It is well past time my Democratic colleagues stop standing in the way and let the Senate get this done.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  