 President, reserving the right to object, as I said just a few moments ago, it is certainly good news for the country that the special counsel concluded that there is no evidence that the Trump campaign collaborated or conspired with the Russian Government to influence the last Presidential election. It is also good news for the country that due to the special counsel's work, we now have more insight into Russia's efforts to interfere with our democratic institution.  Now, I have consistently supported the proposition that the special counsel should be allowed to finish his work without interference. The work of the special counsel, however, is not yet complete. Neither is the work of the Department of Justice. The Attorney General told us yesterday that he is working with the special counsel to determine how much of the special counsel's report can be produced without violating the law and without jeopardizing other ongoing matters, including other matters initiated by the special counsel. The special counsel and the Justice Department ought to be allowed to finish their work in a professional manner.  Now, my good friend, the Democratic leader, was all for allowing the special counsel to conduct his work without political interference when it might be politically advantageous to him, but, apparently, my friend from New York is not for allowing the special counsel to complete his work with the Justice Department, according to his best professional and legal judgment, when that might be inconvenient to my friend's own current political purposes.  To date, the Attorney General has followed through on his commitment to the Congress. One of those commitments is that he intends to release as much information as possible. I certainly welcome that commitment to transparency, as do others, but to the extent that the Attorney General, in consulting with the special counsel, believes it is important to protect sensitive sources and methods, protect material that could affect ongoing investigations and prosecutions, and is legally protected, then he deserves the time to work through these issues.  I am going to object in order to allow the special counsel and the Justice Department to finish their careful and professional review of a, no doubt, voluminous record--a record that likely contains sensitive, classified, and legally protected material.  For all of those reasons, I object.  