Mr. Speaker, last week we marked up H.R. 1911, the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism. All of the Co-Chairs of the Bipartisan Task Force for Combating Anti-Semitism are cosponsors of the bipartisan H.R. 1911--including four members of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Eliot Engel, Brad Schneider, and Ted Deutch--which I authored to advance the fight against the ancient, persistent evil of anti-Semitism, whenever and wherever it occurs in the world.  So far 80 members have cosponsored the bill, including 25 members of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Many leading Jewish organizations also support the legislation.  My friend, the great former Soviet refusnik and religious prisoner, Natan Sharansky, testified at two of the nine hearings I have chaired on anti-Semitism. He proposed what he called a simple test to help us distinguish legitimate criticism of Israel from anti-Semitism. Sharansky called it the ``three Ds: Demonization, double standard, and de-legitimization.''  Rabbi Andy Baker, Director for International Jewish Affairs for American Jewish Committee and Personal Representative of the OSCEChairperson-in-Office on Combatting-AntiSemitism, reports, ``We continue to see physical and even lethal attacks on Jews in Europe, efforts to restrict or ban elemental religious practices, and emboldened extremist political parties with an anti-Semitic agenda. Even as European governments have come to recognize the dangers facing their Jewish communities, many still have failed to devote the necessary resources to protect them or to be clear-eyed in recognizing the sources of the problem.'' This past March an 85-year Holocaust survivor, Mireille Knoll, was brutally murdered in Paris, an abhorrent example of anti-Semitic hatred.  According to B'nai Brith International, ``Unfortunately, we continue to see the dramatic growth of anti-Semitism, particularly in Europe and the Islamic world. This scourge has reached its highest level since World War II. B'nai Brith International is dedicated to shining the spotlight on hatred of Jews as a distinct and unique social illness, and to marshaling efforts to combat, and wherever possible, eradicate this phenomenon.'' According to B'nai Brith Canada, ``Last year was a record-breaking year for anti-Semitism in Canada, according to a new audit by B'nai Brith's league for human rights. As Global's Anne Leclair reports, Quebec ranks second in the country for reported anti-Semitic activity.''  