Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, and Mr. Deutch for all of their very excellent comments towards our good friend and colleague Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a chairwoman in earnest who has been one of the greatest friends Israel has ever known in this Chamber.  The gentlewoman has been tenacious in her fight against terrorism, particularly as it relates to Iran, and against very considerable odds has been able to promote legislation that has made a huge difference in protecting the people of Israel from the ever-present threats, the existential threats that they face in the region. I thank Ms. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. It is so fitting that this bill is named after her.  This bill authorizes, as we all know, enhanced military cooperation between our countries; it further enshrines Israel's qualitative military edge; it authorizes foreign military financing at an annual level of no less than $3.3 billion, agreed to in the bilateral MOU negotiated under the Obama administration, but, crucially, the bill specifies that the assistance should be not less than $3.3 billion. It is a statement that it is a floor and not a ceiling, so, over the next 10 years, at least that much and hopefully more because we know the needs are overwhelming.  The bill's other provisions: it facilitates the transfer of advanced, precision-guided missiles for Israel's use and lays the groundwork for bilateral cooperation that will assist Israel in confronting an evolving landscape of threats, including from unmanned UAVs.  The many facets of cooperation supported by this bill, from international development to space exploration, are not just for Israel's benefit. They also contribute to our national security. The U.S. is safer when Israel is stronger. This bill translates that fundamental principle into practical initiatives for fruitful collaboration and mutual benefit.  It is fitting, again, that this act will be named after a great American and a great friend of Israel, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen.  