Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of two critical pieces of legislation, H.R. 535 and H.R. 3320. These bills are important to U.S. national security because the spread of pandemics do not respect borders. These bills are also important because they will enhance the position of Taiwan, a true and vibrant democracy, with which we have had longstanding ties.  I commend my good friend and colleague, Mr. Steve Chabot, for introducing the Taiwan Travel Act. Currently, the President of Taiwan, Vice President, Premier, Defense Minister and Foreign Minister of Taiwan are not allowed to come to Washington, D.C. for consultations. These are U.S. self-imposed restrictions that are practiced due to fear of potential Chinese diplomatic retaliation. Restricting high-level visits by senior Taiwanese officials is both insulting and counterproductive. This policy should be changed.  Mr. Speaker, China will never be happy with U.S.-Taiwan policy or the Taiwan Relations Act. Communist China will never be placated by our self-imposed restrictions on travel and consultations. We should not try.  Mr. Speaker, I also stand today in support of H.R. 3320, introduced by my good friend and chairman of the subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, Mr. Ted Yoho.  H.R. 3320 would designate that the Secretary of State devise a plan to include Taiwan in the World Health Organization. Taiwan has been excluded from participating in the WHO due to Chinese pressure, and sadly, the international community has acquiesced.  We here in Congress have been advocating for many years that the U.S. should take action to ensure Taiwan's meaningful participation in the WHO. As a major transport and shipping hub in the Asia Pacific region, with enormous volumes of people and goods passing through on a daily basis, Taiwan's exclusion creates a dangerous gap in the global health and safety information network.  Mr. Speaker, the full participation of Taiwan in the WHO and other multilateral bodies cannot be overstated as a U.S. national security interest.  China's efforts to exclude Taiwan from international bodies like WHO creates needless blind spots in the international system where terrorism and disease can spread undetected.  Mr. Speaker, Taiwan must join the WHO as a full member. Regaining observer status isonly a first step. Full WHO membership for Taiwan is not only in the interest of Taiwan, it is in the interest of the rest of the world.  I urge my colleagues to pass these critical measures to strengthen the bond between the U.S. and our democratic ally, Taiwan.  