Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 676 and in solidarity with the people of Iran who courageously took to the streets in the recent weeks to protest their country's barbaric dictatorship.  I thank my good friends, Ed Royce and Eliot Engel, for their leadership in bringing this resolution to the floor. I also thank the chairwoman emeritus for her tremendous work over the years towards Iran in trying to get a policy that respects fundamental human rights and also ends their barbaric reign of terror and terrorism.  Mr. Speaker, over the past several weeks, tens of thousands of Iranians participated in nationwide protests to condemn the corruption, repression, and brutality that together represent the unique legacy of Iran's nearly 40-year-old authority theocracy.  The regime responded with characteristic coercion, intimidating activists and employing government-sponsored thugs and military units to quell the unrest. Approximately 20 protesters died in clashes with security forces. At least 1,000 people were arrested. I am sure those 1,000 are being tortured as we meet here today. Some estimates place the number closer to 4,000 people.  This unrest is the inevitable consequence of a dictatorship built on brutality and corruption in the service of domestic repression and regional conquest. Ambassador Haley was absolutely right when she told the U.N. Security Council: ``When the rights of the people are denied, the people rightly resist. If the concerns are not acknowledged, then peace and security are inevitably threatened.''  I am very proud of the work this Congress has done over the years. In my subcommittee, we have held hearings on human rights abuses in Iran, including with Pastor Saeed Abedini, who did a tremendous job with his wife in trying to effectuate his relief.  We must hold Iran to account for the treatment of the hundreds of jailed protesters and not let their faith be forgotten with the next news cycle. We must work tirelessly to secure the liberty of our own citizens, including Xiyue Wang, a graduate student from my own State of New Jersey, who has spent the past 519 days in the Evin Prison complex.  Mr. Speaker, again, I urge support of the resolution.  