Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3445, the African Growth and Opportunity Act and Millennium Challenge Act Modernization Act.  I am an original cosponsor of H.R. 3445, and as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Africa subcommittee, I want to applaud Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Elliot Engel, and the Ranking Member of my subcommittee, Karen Bass, for their commitment to Africa and to enhancing trade, and all the benefits in terms of closer relationships that flow from trade, between the people of the United States and the people of Africa.  The original AGOA Act of 2000 has been called a ``cornerstone'' of our trade policy toward the continent, and it has served us well. Over the years, however, our subcommittee has had numerous hearings--not to mention meetings with African heads of state and ambassadors--on AGOA, increasing exports to Africa, and on cultivating the-rule-of-law reforms necessary to attract business and investment to Africa. In past Congresses I introduced the Increasing American Jobs Through Greater Exports to Africa Act. It has become apparent that, as well as AGOA has served us, there is room for improvement and innovation.  H.R. 3445 marks a step toward that, by emphasizing capacity building and training and encouraging entrepreneurship in Africa. Importantly, it acknowledges that the world has changed since 2000, and that Africa has been targeted by radical extremists such as Boko Haram and al-Shabaab. Recognizing that we now live in a post-2001 world, H.R. 3445 fosters compliance with our counterterrorism initiatives by African businesses and institutions.  Africa, and much of the developing world, has also benefitted from the Millennium Challenge Corporation since passage of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003. MCC is a critical partner, for example, in our Global Food Security strategy, which fosters agriculture-led economic development.  Though MCC has played a key role, there are also room for improvements. Sometimes during the country selection process, narratives about a country become set, and there is not a fresh appraisal of evidence regarding improvements, or backsliding, in the conditions of that country.  I'd like to thank Chairman Royce for working to ensure that MCC remains a vehicle focused on assisting countries with development, and does not become diverted from its original mission.  I urge my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 3445, the African Growth and Opportunity Act and Millennium Challenge Act Modernization Act.  