Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of Sam Johnson's resolution and join the House in honoring a truly heroic man who has suffered so much for our country, and I thank him for that.  I would say to my colleagues, having read and observed Sam for so many years, words are inadequate--they are truly inadequate--to describe his courage, his tenacity, his faith in God, and his valor. He is really a hero who stands above with few peers.  Mr. Speaker, I thank Sam for his leadership and for being who he is. I also thank his family. It is just a privilege to know him and to be up here supporting legislation that he has sponsored for a full and thorough accounting of all of our POWs and MIAs.  As Members know, access to the battlefield during and after war is important. With regards to Japan, Italy, and Nazi Germany, we had access after the last shot was fired. Indeed, today we are close friends and allies. So those who are missing in action or POWs are more likely to be presumed dead if not found.  That is not the case, Mr. Speaker, when it comes to North Korea, where there is no access to the theatre of operations in the North and where we remain and the families remain in agony for decades about what happened to their loved ones.  With regards to Vietnam, there were many live sightings of POWs especially after prisoners like Sam and others came home, people who were observed on the ground. I was part of the POW/MIA task force in Congress in the 1980s. Jerry Solomon and others and I traveled to Vietnam to talk about those live sightings and the fact that the Vietnamese did not provide a full accounting. Many who were observed went missing, and we think they may have been executed by the Vietnamese long after the peace treaty was signed.  We do have some cooperation, as we all know, to crash sites and the like. That is all good. It is certainly not enough. We do not have unfettered access to the battlefield, and that remains a reason why our great and distinguished colleague, Sam Johnson, is offering this resolution. We need to redouble our efforts.  I would just point out for the record that Sam Johnson flew 62 combat missions in the Korean war and 25 missions in the Vietnam war before being shot down. He was in the Air Force for 29 years. He commanded two air bases, among other things. He is a lifelong fighter, student of war, combat warrior, a leader of men, and, of course, a prisoner of war.  He spent, as my colleagues and I have all noted, nearly 7 years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, where torture was systematic. He endured that, overcame that, and, of course, with his faith, became a great inspiration to all of us as someone who has suffered so much, yet continues to have a strong faith in God and a faith in humanity.  As he pointed out in a statement, he was 140 pounds when he was released and repatriated. He also pointed out that during his incarceration he was in solitary confinement and in leg stocks, like the pilgrims, as he put it, for 72 days. Then, the following day after he was let out, he couldn't walk. He was then put in leg irons for 2\1/2\ years: a tight metal cuff around each ankle, with a foot long bar connecting the legs. He still has little feeling in the right arm and his right hand after those 2,500 days of horrific captivity.  Again, he saw a silver lining because he still had a dream and hope for the future, which some people would have lost a long time ago and just given up--what an inspiration for today's generation of a man who has suffered so much, has overcome so much, and remains an optimist deep in his heart.  Again, words are inadequate to describe our colleague. Sam Johnson is the definition of courage.  