Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend for yielding, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, introduced, sponsored, and authored by my good friend and colleague Joe Wilson; and we are all very grateful he has brought this important legislation to the floor.  H.R. 3542 is a critical and commonsense measure that addresses Hamas' cynical and well-documented practice of endangering civilian lives for the sake of its terror campaign against the State of Israel.  Many independent observers attest to the Palestinian terrorist group's strategy of locating military equipment and installations amidst civilian infrastructure. A 2015 Amnesty International report, Mr. Speaker, entitled, ``Unlawful and Deadly,'' exposed this reprehensible conduct by the Palestinian terrorist groups during Israel's 2014 Operation Protective Edge in the Gaza Strip. The report documented examples of ``attacks launched from the vicinity of civilian buildings or from residential areas'' in addition to the use of ``civilian buildings and facilities for other military purposes, such as storing munitions.''  In one instance chronicled in this report, a foreign journalist captured footage of a rocket launcher ``located some 50 meters from a hotel frequented by international correspondents, 100 meters away from a U.N. building, and very near several civilian homes.'' The footage additionally showed ``children playing next to the rocket launcher.''  Amnesty further documented the discovery of ``Palestinian munitions in three . . . vacant''--UNRWA--``schools in the Gaza Strip'' during the conflict. One of these schools, although vacant, had ``two UNRWA schools on either side of it''--that--``were each hosting around 1,500 displaced civilians.''  Mr. Speaker, Hamas' perverse practice of using U.N. installations to shield military infrastructure has not abated since the 2014 Gaza war. UNRWA discovers military infrastructure in the immediate environs of its school on an alarmingly regular basis. Last year alone, the agency reported discovering two militant tunnels located under its schools in the Gaza Strip.  Of course, human rights reports and UNRWA statements account only for a limited scope of violations that are observed and documented by international organizations, media correspondents, and credible NGOs. The real scope of Hamas' human shield policy is almost certainly far greater. Israeli authorities, for example, reported that out of 3,600 Palestinian rockets launched in the first month and a half of Operation Protective Edge, 1,600 of those rockets, nearly 45 percent, were fired from civilian areas.  H.R. 3542 rightfully calls on the administration to use its voice and vote in the United Nations Security Council to impose multilateral sanctions on Hamas for this disgraceful pattern of exploiting innocent civilians, including women and children, so that it can rain indiscriminate rockets on innocent Israelis with greater impunity. This bill would also impose U.S. visa bans and asset freezes on individuals and entities that direct or facilitate Hamas' use of human shields.  By supporting this measure, Mr. Speaker, this House can advance the cause of civilian protection for Israelis and Palestinians alike.  Again, I want to thank Mr. Wilson for this excellent bill.  