Mr. Chairman, my amendment, which was successfully included in the House fiscal year 2007 Interior appropriations bill, prohibits the funds to be used by the Bureau of Land Management to change their existing placer mining plans of operations with regard to environmental mitigation in Alaska.  Alaska is one of the very few places left in the United States where placer mining is being still conducted. Unfortunately, unelected bureaucrats have targeted these small mom-and-pop, usually retired people, family miners from attaining unattainable regulations under the falsehood of protecting the environment.  Mr. Chairman, this is a sound piece of legislation that should be accepted by this committee and this body to make sure those people elected participate in mining on lands that are old. This is a mining area that has been mining for the last 100 years, yet the BLM has decided they are going to take these little miners and put them out of business.  Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of my amendment. It is very simple. It protects the smaller people of America. Let them do what they wish to do. Letting them have an activity after they retire I think is actually important. As I said before, it was adopted before.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I listened very carefully to what the gentleman from Alaska had to say, and the bulk of my objection, Mr. Chairman, is that this is better addressed in the Policy Committee than on the Appropriations Committee as a rider.  BLM does many outreach activities, including public meetings and interactions with individual miners, and is working with industry to incorporate best management practices in new science-based reclamation techniques.  In the course of the reclamation activities, it has been necessary to increase the annual cost to miners to recover these streams and restore ecostream function.  This amendment would prohibit the cost of reclaiming these areas to placer miners who are profiting from mineral extractions on BLM managed land.  I do hear the gentleman talking about not all business is the same shape or size, so I really think that we should work through the Policy Committee. For that reason, I object to this amendment, and I would encourage the gentleman from Alaska to work through the Policy Committee.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  