 President, 3 months ago I would not have been on the floor supporting the establishment of a commission to look into our Government's failure to detect and prevent the attacks on September 11.  Three months ago I believed very strongly that the Intelligence Committees of the House and Senate were not only capable of examining our Government's failures and vulnerabilities but were obligated to do so.  I believed then that if we dedicated the necessary time and resources, we would be able to conduct a thorough and comprehensive inquiry. And I think we have made a lot of progress.  Now that we are rapidly approaching the end of the year and the end of this Congress, I am increasingly concerned that the joint effort of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees will not be able to complete such an inquiry.  Our scope is not broad enough. It is confined to the intelligence aspects--not to FAA, and not to immigration and other aspects.  We now know that our inability to detect and prevent the September 11 attacks was not only an intelligence failure of unprecedented magnitude, it was a failure of our entire Government to protect and defend the American people.  I am now convinced that an accounting on behalf of the victims, the families left behind, and the American people must include a comprehensive examination of how every relevant agency of our Government performed or failed to perform prior to the attacks.  The House and Senate Intelligence Committees have been at work for approximately 6 months. We are making progress, but we are far from done.  Our Committee began with high aspirations, but we soon stumbled. We had some early staffing difficulties along with some false starts on our hearing schedule.  Early on, our inquiry turned up only information that provided to us. Our separate joint staff was dependent upon the information provided by our intelligence agencies, which were reluctant to cooperate fully.  While our joint staff was working in the agencies, they were often isolated in rooms constantly monitored by agency staff. Agencies refused to circulate the joint staff's contact information and forbade them from meeting with anyone without agency supervision.  While our staff was allowed to view large quantities of documents, they were not allowed to make copies of all of them. Therefore, the process of documenting certain events became very onerous and time consuming.  Other agencies refused to allow the joint staff to interview key individuals. They were told that they could speak to supervisors and more senior personnel who often knew few, if any, details.  Many of these problems were ultimately worked out, but that took precious time, time we did not have. Some of the problems persist today. For example, we are often arguing with agencies about who may or may not appear before our committees as late as the day before they are scheduled to appear. Witnesses are requested, refused, requested again, granted and then, at the last minute, refused again.  There also remains a body of documents that the Director of Central Intelligence refuses to allow the committees to retain.  Much of the information that we gather is classified. The process of declassification has taken an inordinate amount of time. Often we are still in the process of determining what we can discuss publicly moments before a hearing.  It is this type of interaction that cannot be completely characterized as uncooperative but is, nonetheless, extremely counterproductive and has slowed the progress of this investigation. We are, however, making progress.  The staff has reviewed many thousands of documents, but they have many thousands yet to review.  They have interviewed many people, but there are many yet to interview.  In fact, it is still very difficult even to determine how far we have come, and almost impossible to tell how far we have yet to go.  I have been a part of many investigations in my career but none has been as important as this one. Almost 3,000 Americans have been murdered, and perhaps thousands more innocent lives hang in the balance every day. Our joint investigation must be thorough, comprehensive and complete. I want it to be a success.  To be a success, however, an inquiry needs time and resources. If you limit either one, your chances of success diminish significantly. Unfortunately, we have a short supply of both and I am afraid that we are beginning to reap the results.  From the outset, I argued strongly that our committees should avoid setting arbitrary deadlines. Deadlines are an invitation to stonewalling and foot-dragging, and we have seen some of both in our effort.  I have also said many times that agencies under the congressional microscope are generally not motivated to cooperate. To be thorough, we must be able to identify and locate relevant information, retrieve it, and then analyze it in the context of all of other information we have gathered. This is inevitably a difficult and time-consuming undertaking.  Because we have only one to three staffers actually focusing on any particular agency at any one time--and because so much of our joint inquiry staff resources are tied up in producing hearings--it has become exceedingly difficult to be as thorough and probing as we need to be.  At this point, I do not believe we will be able to complete the job the American people expect us to do. However, I expect us to do a credible job and to lay the predicate for future investigations.  While I continue to work on the joint effort, I believe ours must be a prelude to a more comprehensive inquiry. Therefore, I intend to support the creation of a commission, and I urge my colleagues to do the same this afternoon.  