 President, we have before us the Intelligence Authorization bill for fiscal year 2003. This is a bill which we have debated extensively in the Select Committee on Intelligence, and which we reported out in May.  Especially during the global war against terrorism in which our nation is currently engaged, it is important that we give the U.S. intelligence community the support and encouragement it needs to do its vital job--and that we hold it properly accountable for its activities through the oversight process. This bill provides healthy measures of support, encouragement, and accountability, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  While we cannot discuss actual budget figures in an unclassified setting, I can assure my colleagues that this bill provides a significant increase in funding to the U.S. intelligence community, money that it needs and will continue to need as we demand more and better work from it than ever before. Even the world's sole remaining superpower with unchallenged military supremacy cannot be everywhere, and the war on terrorism taxes our capabilities in new and often unprecedented ways. More than anything else, this current conflict is an intelligence-dependent war. We need to do everything we can to ensure that our polilcymakers and our military commanders get the best possible intelligence support. This bill will help ensure that they do.  In addition, our bill also increases the Intelligence Community's accountability to the elected representatives of the American people whose job it is to ensure proper oversight of our intelligence bureaucracy. I would like to mention just a few examples of this.  First, our bill clarifies, rationalizes, and codifies the series of reporting requirements that form such an important part of the process by which Congress obtains information and analyses of intelligence community activities.  The bill also ensures that the intelligence community will be able to continue to fulfill its reporting requirements to the intelligence oversight committees of Congress in the wake of the changes to information-sharing laws contained in the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001.  Our bill also requires that the National Foreign Intelligence Program budget provide specific breakdowns for annual budget aggregates relating to counterterrorism, counterproliferation, counternarcotics, and counterintelligence. This greater specificity, we hope, will enable Congress better to assess intelligence community resourcing decisions and ensure that the right priorities receive our support in years ahead.  The two sides of our committee have not agreed on every detail of the classified appendix that accompanies our report on this bill, but on balance we feel that this is a piece of legislation that will provide much-needed support for--and improve the accountability of--the United States intelligence community.  I urge the Senate to pass this bill promptly.  The committee amendments were withdrawn.  The amendment (No. 4752), in the nature of a substitute, was agreed to.  (The text of the amendment is printed in today's Record under ``Text of Amendments.'')  The bill (H.R. 4628), as amended, was read the third time and passed.  The Presiding Officer (Mr. Dayton) appointed Mr. Graham, Mr. Levin, Mr. Rockefeller, Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Wyden, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Bayh, Mr. Edwards, Ms. Mikulski, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Kyl, Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Hatch, Mr. Roberts, Mr. DeWine, Mr. Thompson, and Mr. Lugar conferees on the part of the Senate.  