 John was, frankly, the finest public servant I have ever seen in my entirecareer, as a soldier, as an elected official. I have never encountered anyone with the dedication, decency, and the determination of John Hardiman. He literally devoted his life to the office of public defender in the State of Rhode Island.  He graduated from law school in 1982. He started as a staff attorney there, worked his way up to the head of trial division, and then became the public defender for the entire State of Rhode Island.  His life was devoted to the law. Quietly, persistently, with diligence, dedication, and decency, he sought to do justice--justice not to the powerful or privileged but for the powerless. Indeed, in many cases, his clients were not only notorious; they were infamous. But John knew the test of our ideals, the test of our legal system, and of our constitutional form of government was that the laws would not simply protect the powerful and privileged, but that they protect all Americans.  Above the entrance of the U.S. Supreme Court are the words ``Equal Justice Under Law.'' For many people, even lawyers, those are just words. For John Hardiman, it was his life's vocation, and he made real those words in the lives of every Rhode Islander.  John was a tenacious advocate, but he was always a remarkably modest and decent man. His legal skills rested on a foundation of unimpeachable integrity and decency. He dedicated his life to serving others. In that advocation and vocation, he was following the example of his father, Dr. James Hardiman, and his mother. They left John a shining example of compassion and concern, a generous spirit, and a humble heart. All his brothers and sisters follow that same example as they, too, in their lives served others.  I had the privilege of growing up with John. He was one of the little kids in school, about 5 years younger, but he always had the reputation--entirely justified--of being a good kid. Where I come from, being a good kid was the highest form of praise. That good kid turned out to be an extraordinary man, advocate, and public servant. This is a poignant moment for me because I recall the many times I saw him throughout his life and my life, as a young student in grammar school, as an athlete similar to his brothers, as a lawyer, as a public defender, as a public servant. He was someone whom you were always glad to see, and those types of individuals are rare and precious, indeed.  John's passing diminishes all of us, especially his family. But his life has touched the lives of every Rhode Islander. Many will never recognize what he has done. But in standing for justice and for the rule of law and for the rights of those who are in the shadows, he stood for all of us, nobly, decently, with a proud spirit but a gentle spirit also. We have all been diminished, but what he has done for us has made us stronger and better and more ready to go on to take up his work. His example will sustain us and inspire us as we go forward, as we try to finish his noble work.  I wish to especially extend my condolences to his children, Elizabeth and Emmett, and to all his family. Rhode Island has lost an extraordinary public servant, an extraordinary gentleman. But we are better for having known him, we are better for having him serve us so well, so courageously, so decently.  I yield the floor, and I note the absence of a quorum.  