We have heard and we will hear a number of very strong statements about this nomination. I would argue very vociferously that many assertions that have been made are inaccurate at best and they are not shared by the legal and business community in Rhode Island. In fact, Jack McConnell is supported publicly and enthusiastically by the two former Republican attorneys general of Rhode Island, Arlene Violet and Jeffrey Pine. He is not opposed by the Greater Providence Chamber of Commerce, which knows him and has worked with him. He is supported by our legal community and our business community. He has received the strong endorsement of our leading newspaper, the Providence Journal, which has a record of moderation, indeed if not conservatism, in terms of their judgments about judicial candidates and some issues, but certainly moderation.  Later, Senator Whitehouse and I will respond specifically about the assertions and concerns, but I think it is time at this juncture to make a few brief points about where we are at this Senate. We are at a point where we might be crossing a bridge from which we cannot return; that, unlike our previous history, district judges will be subject routinely to cloture motions because one faction or another decides, not on the merits but procedurally, they should not go forward.  Let me make a few points. Senator Whitehouse and I recommended Mr. McConnell to the President after publicly seeking applicants, talking to attorneys throughout our State, interviewing almost every single applicant. We took this decision seriously, as you would expect. We know it is a reflection both upon ourselves and upon our State. From this pool of applicants we selected Mr. McConnell because we found him to be among the best attorneys of the State, a pillar of our community, one of the most generous philanthropists in our State--and in most cases anonymously--and in many cases not simply writing a check but standing in a soup line early in the morning handing out food to people who need it, without acclaim, without fanfare. This is the character of the individual, and character, I think, ultimately is the test of a judge. He has a true desire to serve this country.  Indeed, Mr. McConnell has practiced law for decades. He has never been subject to an ethics claim, a malpractice claim, a rule 11 motion, and most importantly he has never had a motion for sanctions filed against him concerning his conduct in any litigation in which he has been involved. He has a spotless record.  Moreover, we selected Mr. McConnell because we knew, based upon all of his personal background, his sworn testimony, that he will follow the precedents of the law and of the First Circuit Court of Appeals and of the United States Supreme Court. This is not something we take lightly and it is not something Mr. McConnell takes lightly. We know and he knows that when you step upon the bench you assume huge responsibilities. You have to not only appear to be impartial, you have to in every word and deed go the extra mile to demonstrate that impartiality, that you are not favoring anyone. He is prepared to do that. In fact, I think that is part and parcel of the nature of this gentleman.  Now, we have to stop here and ask ourselves collectively, do we want to go ahead and take this step of cloture for district court nominees? Do we really want to add another front in the battle of partisan political ``gotcha''? Do they really want to cast aside, for example, the blue slip process which allows Senators from a home State, particularly with a district judge, to say yea or nay? It is a process that has been in the Senate, in the informal culture of the Senate for years and years. Do they want to deny a nominee who has been reported out of committee on a bipartisan vote three times, not once, an up-or-down vote? I heard and I have heard for years--particularly under President Bush--many people coming to this floor and claiming everyone who is nominated and comes out of committee deserves an up-or-down vote, particularly a district court nominee, especially a district court nominee. So this is where we are poised--to reject all of them, to enter a new dimension of controversy and conflict in the Senate.  We have a long history in the Senate of precedents and tradition when it comes to nominations, particularly district court nominations. In my State, my predecessors, men such as John Chafee and Claiborne Pell and Lincoln Chafee and John Pastore, clearly adhered to those standards. And we have a record--a strong recordof judges in our State, and they have come from different backgrounds. 