 President, I want to take this opportunity to respond to the points raised to justify the budget point of order. The reason I want to do that now is because there are some things that are not clear about this legislation. I tried to make them clear in my remarks yesterday, but it is obvious that if they had been clear, there would not have been a budget point of order.  One of the points made by the chairman of the Budget Committee and other Members of the Senate is that the Senate highway bill is larger than the President's request. It was alleged that Senate authorizers ``snuck in'' a change in their substitute, without a separate vote, to increase the bill's level of funding above $284 billion. Senate budget staff is correct that the amendment on the Floor that is pending is larger in size than the bill requested by the President. Senate leadership, all authorizing committees, and the Finance Committee were well aware of this fact and made a determination to offer a substitute amendment in excess of the President's request. This makes perfect sense and, of course, is in keeping with separation of powers and the fact that the President, under our Constitution, proposes and the Congress, under the Constitution, disposes.  A majority of the Senate wishes to provide more infrastructure resources than the executive branch. The substitute bill, with increased funding, is completely offset or revenue-neutral. As a matter of fact, the bill contributes positively and substantially towards deficit reduction. As indicated in my statement yesterday, the administration and the budgeteers should focus on deficit reduction rather than on the top-line spending number. The Senate continues to offset legislation and, by so doing, exercises fiscal restraint, a fact being continuously ignored by some in this body.  Another point made is that provisions passed in the JOBS bill last October--sometimes referred to as FSC/ETI bill--signed by the President in October, that somehow the provisions we had in that bill relating to fuel fraud did not increase general fund receipts or even things dealing with other tax provisions did not increase general fund receipts. I speak of acronyms that we used last fall that may not be familiar to people now that we are by that legislation. But we constantly talked about the ethanol provisions with the acronym, VEETC, volumetric ethanol excise tax credit, and fuel fraud provisions that were enacted in the JOBS bill which other Members of this body have alleged, and I quote here, ``have made the highway trust fund healthier by $2 to $3 billion annually only by definition, since merely moving around deck chairs has not changed the Federal Government's bottom line.''  That is a serious accusation considering how careful we were over a period of months last year not only to work on the VEETC provisions to bring in money to the Federal Government that was fraudulently not being paid but also to make sure that we did it in a fiscally sound way.  This is my answer to that accusation. Last year the JOBS bill enacted ethanol and fuel fraud provisions that increased projected receipts to the highway trust fund by $17 billion during the period of the highway bill reauthorization, 2005 to 2009. These provisions were also included in last year's transportation bill but had to be enacted instead in the JOBS bill after it became clear that we would not get a conference agreement on the highway bill.  That is an unfair accusation that somehow all this work that we went through is just moving around deck chairs but has not changed the Federal Government's bottom line. Seventeen billion dollars coming in during that period of time, $17 billion, some of which was being fraudulently avoided.  Congress had good reasons to enact the ethanol changes in the JOBS bill. These changes helped to pay for a large bipartisan tax bill to provide tax relief to domestic American manufacturing. And these ethanol changes accompanied other energy incentives in that bill that had overwhelming support of both Chambers and both parties. Because of those ethanol changes, fuel excise tax receipts are now going into the highway trust fund. That means the Federal highway program now has more dollars available to it. It is just common sense. That is how trust fund accounting works.  It seems that some would now allow us to ignore those accounting rules. Some would like us to pretend that those new fuel tax dollars are not in the trust fund. You can't change what are just plain facts of life. These funds are in the highway trust fund.  This Congress should not pretend that a law enacted by a previous Congress did not happen. We are not using fuzzy arithmetic or fuzzy accounting. We are not just moving deck chairs around and not affecting the Government's bottom line. We are, in a very real way, affecting the Government's bottom line. And we are going to have, not only people who were avoiding paying taxes paying those taxes, but we are going to be able to have better transportation infrastructure, better highways by what we are doing. We should not ignore standard fund accounting rules because a minority of this Senate disagrees that taxes paid on a gallon of ethanol should not go into the highway trust fund.  The administration did not object to these provisions as part of the JOBS bill last October. The President signed that bill and now the administration's own transportation proposals rely on these new trust fund receipts that were developed in a bipartisan way by the Senate Finance Committee. The changes that we made in the JOBS Act made good sense, common sense, but that comes out also as good policy. They raised money for the highway trust fund.  We have every right--indeed, we have every obligation to the people who pay money into the road fund--to use those funds to improve America's highways.  If you don't use trust fund money for highways or for other transportation reasons, you should not be taxing it in the first place. But once it is taxed, those people who are fraudulently not paying that tax are guilty and should pay that tax. Our provisions do that.  Another claim by the Budget Committee is that the Finance Committee has not provided real offsets for increased burdens to the general fund. My colleague from New Hampshire, chairman of the Budget Committee,suggests that our bill offsets, including economic substance, are illusory. He is concerned that these offsets, which were also passed during the last Congress, will be dropped in conference.  Now, the Joint Committee on Taxation, as we all know--maybe some of us forget--is the official scorekeeper on tax matters in the Congress, not the Congressional Budget Office. The Finance Committee has provided tax law changes that have been scored by the Joint Committee on Taxation as fully offsetting any increased burden to the general fund. The Joint Committee on Taxation is the official scorekeeper for revenue provisions under the Congressional Budget Act. It is not the Senate Budget Committee that is the scorekeeper; it is the Joint Committee on Taxation. Section 201(g) of the Budget Act restricts the Congressional Budget Office in a manner in which it carries out its responsibilities related to revenue legislation. Section 201(g) provides, in pertinent part:       For the purposes of revenue legislation, which is income,      estate and gift, excise, and payroll taxes, considered or      enacted in any session of Congress, the Congressional Budget      Office shall use exclusively during that session of Congress      revenue estimates provided to it by the Joint Committee on      Taxation. During that session of Congress, such revenue      estimates shall be transmitted by the Congressional Budget      Office to any committee of the House of Representatives or      the Senate requesting such estimates, and shall be used by      such committees in determining such estimates.  This, then, should put to rest this debate about whether these offsets that are in my amendment and in Senator Baucus's amendment--that is a bipartisan amendment--are real. They have been scored by the Joint Committee on Taxation, the official scorekeeper under the Congressional Budget Act for revenue purposes.  I kind of think that maybe the Budget Committee is living in an ivory tower. It is particularly troubling that this nonsense attack--that the offsets are not real--comes from a committee that doesn't have to do any of the heavy lifting to find real offsets and real savings. But instead just find reasons to complain about some other committee's work. It must be nice to be able to just pick numbers out of thin air and try to claim the numbers are real or, in this instance, somehow not real, even though the Joint Committee on Taxation scores it as revenue-neutral, or better than revenue-neutral, as reducing the deficit. But it is the Finance Committee, not the Budget Committee, that actually has to do the hard work of finding, negotiating, and drafting the policies that can pass the Senate and create these real offsets.  Yesterday, I said 40 percent of the new funding is hard trust fund money. Of course, the Finance Committee gets no credit for that effort, no credit at all. It is a ridiculous charge. It is so easy to throw rocks around here. How about dealing with constructing policy instead of throwing rocks? I would like to see some of that.  The complaints we are hearing are from a committee that has no responsibility to find real numbers, real offsets, or real savings. It reminds me of an agricultural economist telling a farmer how to farm. I suggest that those who are sitting on the fence giving this farmer--and I am an Iowa farmer--stewardship advice about how to farm should get off the fence and get some dirt under their fingernails, and I will be happy to show them how to start the tractor. And I say this as a person who has been very loyal in my membership on the Budget Committee, as well as being chairman of the Finance Committee, because out of 48 amendments that were offered to destroy the budget that came out of the Budget Committee, I supported the chairman on 47 of the 48 amendments.  Now, the suggestion was also made that we have used these revenue raisers in the previous Congress. None of the offsets included in the highway substitute have passed the Senate this year as part of any other legislation. Even if that were the case, those additional anticipated revenues are available until they are passed by both Houses and enacted into law.  There seems to be an additional concern that the offsets used in this bill would not survive a conference with the House. As a person who worked for 8 years and 3 days--from when I first introduced the bankruptcy reform bill to when the President signed the bill a month ago--if I would have ever stopped because a bill passed the Senate but somehow didn't get to the President, we would never have a bankruptcy reform bill. But we passed that bill seven or eight different times--the conference report, plus original legislation through the Senate. How you get things done in the Senate is by sticking with it--just don't give up.  And we are doing that here. We continue to close corporate tax loopholes the same way. People on the Budget Committee are finding fault that we might pass the Senate and not get out of conference. That somehow means we are using a smokescreen. Let me suggest that on the JOBS bill last year, which I have already referred to several times in my remarks today, we passed through the Senate $39 billion of corporate tax loophole closers, and we ended up out of conference with $24 billion of that $39 billion. I don't think that is such a bad track record. If it had not been for the Senate and the bipartisan approach of the Finance Committee, we would not even have those $24 billion of loophole closers--money coming into the Federal Treasury. So you cannot just stop. Because these offsets, whether they be fraudulent use of tax dollars, nonpayment in a fraudulent way of gas tax money or other loophole closers--in all of these cases we have people finding ways to avoid paying their share of taxes that ought to be paid.  One has to keep at it. There is a constant game around here of lawyers, accountants, and investment bankers that like to game our Tax Code. It is pretty hard to keep ahead of them, but I am determined, and Senator Baucus is determined, to keep ahead of them. So I am not going to have anybody tell me we are not legitimate when we pass things through the Senate that maybe cannot survive conference because eventually they do survive conference, and eventually they are signed by the President.  The Senate cannot be subjected to the expectation of passage in the House as a standard for this body. The Senate has to focus on what is possible in the Senate, and differences will be resolved and reconciled with the other legislative body during the conference process.  As an additional point, I note it was Ways and Means Chairman Bill Thomas, not the Senate Finance Committee, who first proposed codification of the economic substance doctrine, which is the largest revenue provision added in the substitute bill. I would also like to recite a little of the history of this matter so we will not presume that something maybe will not get through conference because maybe it did not get through conference last October, particularly when the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee first brought up this issue.  The Senate Finance Committee began its work on tax shelter legislation in 1999. During the years 2000 and 2001, the Finance Committee released three discussion drafts to stimulate public comment on the closing of corporate tax shelters. None of these drafts contains codification of the economic substance doctrine that we are using in this amendment before the Senate right now as an offset. In May 2002, the Finance Committee reported out the Tax Shelter Transparency Act of 2002, which formed the basis for the tax shelter disclosure rules enacted in last fall's tax bill. The Tax Shelter Transparency Act did not contain codification of the economic substance doctrine.  In July of 2002, a mere 2 months after the Finance Committee reported out its bill, Chairman Thomas laid down H.R. 5095, the American Competitiveness and Corporate Accountability Act of 2002. This bill would have repealed the FSC/ETI regime and used the proceeds for corporate international tax reform. It was also the first time the Ways and Means Committee dipped its toe into the waters of tax shelter closing legislation.  H.R. 5095 parroted the disclosure provisions of the bipartisan Senate Finance Committee-reported bill, but it went one step further--it called for codification of the economic substance doctrine. So where did folks get the idea around here that somehow economic substance doctrine codification is blue smoke, intended to mislead the Senate into believing that something isrevenue-neutral when it is not because this bill is revenue-neutral as scored by the Joint Committee on Taxation.  As an aside, I remind my colleagues that this additional money comes out of the hide of tax shelter promoters and tax shelter participants, not out of the pockets of the honest middle-class working men and women of America. This is not phony money, as maybe we were led to believe. This is good tax policy.  In emphasizing that the Senate highway bill is bigger than that provided in the budget resolution, the following quote was used: ``[i]t appears the Finance Committee floor amendments include provisions quite similar to those general fund transfers that were included in last year's Senate-passed bill. Such general fund transfers do nothing to offset the deficit effect of the increased spending in that amendment.'' I want to say why that is hogwash. The Members of this body have indicated, and will vote their intent on this issue in just a few moments, to spend more than was included in the Senate budget resolution. No procedural games, gimmicks, or end runs will be needed to prove this point. As the distinguished chairman of the Senate Budget Committee indicated repeatedly during the budget process, if there are 60 votes for something, then so be it, and clearly more than 60 members of the Senate are in agreement about this budget point of order.  But we do take issue with the fact that we were accused of sending an amendment to this Floor for consideration by 100 Members of the Senate that did nothing to offset the deficit effect of increased spending. The accusation is purely false and purposely misleading. Our substitute amendment replaced trust fund and general fund receipts and contributed substantially to the deficit reduction by more than $10 billion.  Finally, to those critics of the Senate Finance Committee title, I reissue the challenge I put to them yesterday, that obviously was not listened to. It is the same challenge from last year. If they do not like our Finance Committee title, come forward and tell us they do not want any new money for their State from this highway bill. Alternatively, if they want to keep their State's extra money, find another way to get there that will yield 60 votes. I issued the challenge last year, I issued the challenge yesterday, and I reissue that challenge this very hour.  Now, I did not get any takers last year, I did not get any takers yesterday, and I do not expect to get any takers today. So once again, it is easy to complain, but we are here to do the people's business and this amendment that came out of my committee is the people's business--it is financially responsible, doing things to close corporate tax loopholes, to be fair to middle-class working men and women, to get the job done basically of improving our highway and transportation infrastructure.  