 President, first of all, I want to make very clear, regarding some of the concerns that have been expressed in support of this amendment, I thought we took them into consideration 2 years ago--did take them into consideration in their policy. I think now that things are rolling out I am even more confident of what we did. So that would apply also to the issues raised here, whether or not beneficiaries have the ability to make decisions about their care, the type of plan they want to be in.  We knew beneficiaries would need to have good resources to learn about the benefits. We have, for instance, a State Health Insurance Information Program that has counselors who can provide one-on-one counseling. CMS has developed a network of community-based organizations to do the same thing. AARP is holding meetings--all over the country, I believe, but I see them noticed in our newspapers all the time. It seems like a massive number of meetings that my senior citizen constituents have gone to.  Do I think nobody could fall through the cracks? Perhaps so. But I think they would have to be people who are very isolated. I know CMS is taken through the mail, and presumably everybody has an address that gets mail. We have taken very good care to make sure people are notified through the mail. If there is one place where there might be a problem, that is the extent to which States might not have everybody in their files. But I have even been satisfied that CMS has been working on that problem for a long period of time.  So because we have thought about these things, I rise to oppose the amendment by the distinguished Senator from Washington.  When we worked on the Medicare Modernization Act, which established this drug benefit program, every State Governor wanted beneficiaries who have Medicaid and Medicare coverage, dual eligibles, to get their prescription drugs through Medicare.  Members of both sides supported this approach. They said Medicare has been a universal benefit, available to all beneficiaries since its inception. The Medicare drug benefit should then be no different.  Those who supported covering dual eligibles under the Medicare drug benefit noted that these beneficiaries would have nothing, no prescription drug coverage, if a State chose to end its Medicaid prescription drug benefit, which it could do. As Senator Hatch said, we even considered an amendment, supported by 47 Senators, to make the benefit available to all Medicare beneficiaries, including Medicare beneficiaries with Medicaid coverage.  For those of us who ultimately supported this approach in the final bill, did we think that we could just wave a magic wand to make the transition happen? As I said, we did not think that. Transitions like this are not easy. We knew that. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the agency responsible for making this transition happen and administering the program over a long period of time, knew it would be a big task to transition all those folks into Medicare.  That is why the agency started working on a transition plan--with States and advocacy groups--more than a year ago. In May, the agency issued a 44-page strategy for transitioning this group of beneficiaries into the Medicare drug benefit. That strategy lays out in great detail the steps that the agency will take to ensure continuity of coverage for this vulnerable group of beneficiaries.  First and foremost, these beneficiaries will be assigned to a Medicare prescription drug plan with their coverage effective on January 1st. Folks refer to this as auto-enrollment. This process will prevent any gap in coverage for these beneficiaries. The agency worked with States to develop lists of dually eligible beneficiaries. These lists have undergone rigorous scrutiny to ensure their accuracy and completeness.  Letters informing beneficiaries about the upcoming changes went out today. It clearly states that beneficiaries should choose a plan, but if they don't, they will be assigned to the plan listed in the letter.  The agency included some additional information in a question and answer format. The first question is, ``What should I do now?'' Among other things, the answer says that beneficiaries should find out which plans cover the prescriptions they take and the pharmacies they want to use.  I know that folks are concerned that a beneficiary might toss aside their letter--we have all done that with mail. That is why pharmacists will have access to the beneficiaries and their assigned plan. So on January 1st, when a beneficiary goes to a pharmacy, the pharmacist can fill that prescription under that plan.  Now, some people are concerned that a beneficiary will be assigned to a plan that doesn't cover a drug they need, and they won't find out until they go into the pharmacy. In its transition guidance to plans, the agency strongly recommended that plans provide for temporary ``first fill'' of 30 days to provide a transition supply to meet the immediate need of a beneficiary. This is a common practice today.  Any plan that chooses not to do this, had to provide the agency with sufficient detail on how it would ensure that new enrollees stabilized on a drug not on the plan's formulary would continue to have access to the drugs they need. For example, a plan not using the first-fill could have procedures in place to contact enrollees in advance of their initial effective date in order to identify their needs. All of these alternative plans were subject to the agency's approval.  In addition the agency carefully reviewed all of the plans' formularies to ensure that dually eligible beneficiaries would have good access to the drugs they need. Many plans around the nation cover nearly all of the top 100 drugs used by seniors. The agency also required plans to cover all or substantially all drugs in six classes that include drugs most commonly used by seniors.  I also know there is concern that a dually eligible beneficiary might be assigned to a plan that doesn't cover a drug they need or include their pharmacy in its network. That is one reason why the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services sent the letters out now. Dually-eligible beneficiaries can still pick whatever plan they want for their coverage on January 1st, but if the don't make an affirmative decision, then they will have coverage through the plan to which they been assigned.  And if that plan doesn't work for them, they can switch plans at any time throughout the year. Any time.  I was among the Senators who voted against the amendment in the Senate, but I obviously agreed to the provisions hammered out in the conference committee.  Now is not the time to change the provisions. Letters have gone out to beneficiaries. Plans have submitted their proposals to the government based on the specifications in the law. Changes now could lead to increased cost for all beneficiaries and Government.  Members argued with great passion as to why this group of beneficiaries should have their drug benefit covered by Medicare. Members of the conference committee worked to make that happen.  The Senate bill was bipartisan and it passed by a vote of 76 to 21. The bill that emerged from conference was bipartisan and passed by a vote of 54 to 44 with the support of 11 Democrats and 1 Independent.  The bill passed because we recognized that if we asked seniors to wait for a perfect bill, that they were going to be left waiting for a long, long time.  The AARP and more than 300 patient advocacy and health care organizations endorsed the final product. The AARP said the final bill ``helps millions of older Americans and their families,'' and is ``an important milestone in the nation's commitment to strengthen and expand health security for its citizens. . . .''  The prescription drug benefit is affordable and universal. It will cover about half the cost of prescriptions for the average beneficiary. Dually-eligible beneficiaries will have almost all their drug costs paid.  After years of hard work on both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats came together to pass the Medicare Modernization Act. Now is not the time to reopen this issue.  The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has worked hard to implement the new program. Any changes at this point will almost certainly delay the drug benefit from implementation.  In thinking about the months of negotiating this package, I can tell you that there is no interest from this Senator to reopen and renegotiate the new Medicare drug benefit now.  The time for delay is over. The new Medicare drug benefit was a bipartisan product, it is law, and it is set to begin for all beneficiaries, who have waited long enough for this important benefit.  I agree that every step needs to be taken to ensure that there is no disruption in coverage for these vulnerable beneficiaries.  I believe those steps are being taken. It is my understanding that a number of folks think that this transition will be too confusing for beneficiaries. In my opinion, having some drugs covered by Medicare and some by Medicaid will be even more so.  I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment.  