 I voted for her; Justice Breyer, totally qualified to be on the Court, I voted for him. We did not try to second-guess President Clinton.  Clearly, Justice Ginsburg does not share Justice White's philosophy. Yet Senate Republicans overwhelmingly confirmed her, with only three ``nay'' votes. The fact is, the President picked people they thought would be good Justices.  The bottom line is we should not be thinking of liberal, conservative, or moderate judges--men or women for that matter. We ought to think of who is qualified. If you are qualified for the job, you ought to get the vote of the Senate. Someone who has the right temperament and integrity on the job is also a requirement. But these liberals I voted for have had that as well.  Judge Roberts recognized this problem, politicizing the Federal bench, and in particular the Supreme Court, when some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle attempted to pin him down on certain litmus test questions at his nomination hearings. Judge Roberts said:       [I]t is a very serious threat to the independence and      integrity of the court to politicize them. I think that is      not a good development to regard the courts as simply an      extension of the political process. That's not what they are.  Judge Roberts went on to say:       Judges go on the bench and they apply and decide cases      according to judicial process, not on the basis of promises      made earlier to get elected and promises made earlier to get      confirmed. That's inconsistent with the independence and      integrity of the Supreme Court.  I am in total agreement with that statement. So when Judge Roberts testifies his oath is to uphold the Constitution and the laws of the United States and that he won't impose a political or social agenda in his decisionmaking, that is what we need to hear. That is because the bottom line is, irrespective of Judge Roberts' impressive resume, brilliant intellect, and personal integrity, he would not be qualified to be a Supreme Court Justice unless he was truly willing and able to subject himself to that judicial restraint.  Judge Roberts says his obligation is to the Constitution and that is his oath. He says he will not impose his personal views on the people but will make decisions in an impartial manner in accordance with the Constitution, the laws enacted by Congress. He says he will be modest in his judging and exercise judicial restraint. He says he will respect the limited role of a judge in society. That is the kind of Justice we need to see on the Supreme Court. That is the kind of Justice the Senate should support.  I yield the floor.  