 Baucus):  S. 1002. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make improvements in payments to hospitals under the medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance.  MR. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, physician-owned specialty hospitals continue to raise a number of troubling issues, and I feel strongly that additional action to address these issues is needed from Congress. Today, I am pleased to join Senator Max Baucus, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, in introducing the Hospital Fair Competition Act of 2005. This bill has an effective date of June 8, 2005, regardless of when it may be enacted as this is the date the current moratorium on specialty hospitals expires.  Now, specialty hospitals have existed for quite some time. There are other types of hospitals with a special focus, such as children's hospitals and psychiatric facilities. But these are not really what we are talking about. We are talking about the emergence of a new type of hospital. These new facilities are mostly for-profit. They are mainly owned by the physicians who refer their patients to these hospitals. And, they provide treatment in very specific areas such as cardiac, orthopedic or surgical care.  The number of these specialty hospitals has more than tripled in the past 10 years. While they are still relatively small in number--about 100--they are increasing quickly. They are mainly located in certain pockets of the country, concentrated in those States without a ``certificate of need'' requirement. That means they are mainly located in States where hospitals are permitted to add beds or build new facilities without first obtaining approval by the State. This approval process helps ensure that there is an actual public health need for additional health resources in the community.  Congress, in the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA), placed a moratorium on the development of new physician-owned specialty hospital hospitals until June 8, 2005. First, there were concerns about the conflict of interest inherit in physician self-referral. Second, it was thought that specialty hospitals might be an unfair form of competition. And third, in all of this, was a concern about the impact these hospitals may be having on the health care system as a whole.  The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission (MedPAC) and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) were directed by the MMA to study and report on a number of issues related to specialty hospitals. Today's Hospital Fair Competition Act draws heavily from MedPAC's non-partisan recommendations in its March 8, 2005, report to Congress.  Three separate government studies have found that physician-owned specialty hospitals treat the most profitable patients and services, leaving community hospitals to treat a disproportionate share of less profitable cases, Medicaid cases and the uninsured.  An April 2003 report by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) found that patients at specialty hospitals tended to be less sick than patients with the same diagnoses at general hospitals. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) reported in March its preliminary findings that specialty hospitals generally treat less severe cases than community hospitals. And, MedPAC reported that physician-owned specialty hospitals treat patients who are less sick, and thus more profitable, and concentrate on certain diagnosis-related groups (DRGs) that are more profitable.  In addition, approximately 93 percent of community hospitals operate emergency rooms, compared to less than half of specialty hospitals, thus treating any and all patients who walkthrough their doors. They also serve a much greater share of poor patients, averaging 15 percent versus four percent for specialty heart hospitals and one percent for specialty orthopedic hospitals. When community hospitals lose their profitable services, they must shift costs to private patients to make up the difference. This then means private employers may pay higher premiums--all so physician-owned specialty hospitals can profit.  Specialty hospitals are able to take advantage of an outdated payment system. The current inpatient payment rates have not been recalibrated in over 20 years. This has resulted in certain patients and certain case types being significantly more profitable to treat than others. In fact, specialty heart hospitals have been found by MedPAC to treat Medicare patients who are 13 percent more profitable than the average mix of patients. And at specialty surgical hospitals this number is 14 percent.  This bill would make corrections to the payment system so that certain cases and patients are not significantly more profitable or less profitable to treat than others. While we believe the secretary has the authority to make these payment changes, this bill will direct CMS to do so beginning in 2007. This will improve payment accuracy for all hospitals, and will better reflect the actual cost of delivering care.  But Medicare payment changes are not enough.  I also have great concerns about the inherent conflict of interest in physician ownership. This interest in gaming the system may not be in the best interest of the patient, and this is troubling. Physicians are paid by Medicare to treat the patient. In addition, because they are owners of the hospital, physician owners get a payment from Medicare for use of the facility. And, because they are also investors in the hospital, these physician owners also get dividends on their investment. MedPAC found these annual dividends for older facilities are frequently in excess of 20 percent.  I am concerned that this focus on profit may unduly influence physician decision-making on the part of some physicians. This is not good for unsuspecting patients, the Medicare program or taxpayers. Some physicians may choose where to send a patient based on whether or not they think that patient will profit their hospital. In addition, changes to the payment system don't prevent some physician-owners from selecting patients based on their insurance. Specialty hospitals would likely continue to treat few--if any--poor or uninsured patients.  MedPAC has found that specialty hospital hospitals treat far fewer Medicaid recipients than community hospitals in the same market--75 percent fewer for specialty heart hospitals, and 94 percent fewer for specialty orthopedic hospitals. In addition, CMS found that specialty hospitals provided only about 40 percent of the share of uncompensated care that the local community hospitals provided. We now have 45 million uninsured Americans in our country, and I continue to be very concerned about their health care.  Congress has passed laws that, with very few exceptions, prevent physician physicians from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients to facilities in which they are owners. This was adopted in response to a number of studies that found that physician-owners tended to make more referrals to their facilities and order substantially more services at higher cost.  One exception, however, is the ``whole hospital'' exception. The law allows physicians to invest in a ``whole hospital'' because it is believed that no particular referral would economically advantage a specific physician owner. Because the referrals would be diluted across multiple services, there would not be a direct link to any one physician's income. But specialty hospitals are not really whole hospitals. In fact, they are more like a hospital department such as a cardiac unit or an orthopedic unit. Under current law, we believe that the secretary has the authority to define what constitutes a whole hospital, and we encourage CMS to determine whether specialty hospitals meet this definition. The law clearly states that it is illegal for physicians to invest in hospital departments.  This loophole in the law, the ``whole hospital'' exception, is being exploited. The Hospital Fair Competition Act will close this loophole. New specialty hospitals will not qualify for the ``whole hospital'' exception as of June 8, 2005--the date the moratorium expires.  Existing specialty hospitals, those in operation or under development before November 18, 2003, will be able to continue operating under certain restrictions. These ``grandfathered'' specialty hospitals will be prohibited from increasing their total number of physician owners. Also, the bill caps each individual physician's investment and the aggregate physician investment in the facility as of June 8, 2005. Grandfathered specialty hospitals will not be allowed to expand their scope of services. And finally, they will be prohibited from increasing their number of beds or operating rooms. I believe that halting the growth in physician ownership at existing specialty hospitals is the only way to prevent the inherent conflict of interest associated with self-referral, and ensure that patients' interests are not compromised.  Now, I have heard from a number of physician-owners on this issue and they have said to me that they invest in these hospitals because it allows them to have greater control over their workplace. It gives them a say in operations, and more control over the quality and cost of patient care. I believe that certain coordinated care incentive arrangements have the potential to assist physicians in doing just that.  So this bill would provide an opportunity to better align physician and hospital financial incentives. It would allow physicians to share in hospital savings achieved by re-engineering clinical care in the hospitals. These well-designed and approved arrangements might include agreed-upon use of certain medical devices or implants for certain type of surgeries. Or perhaps they would include improving operating room efficiency and scheduling. Or they might include the adoption of clinical protocols or evidence-based medicine to standardize certain aspects of the practice of medicine.  While these arrangements have the potential to improve patient care while reducing hospital costs, I want to make sure the patient--the Medicare beneficiary--is protected. So, this bill would require the secretary to develop safeguards and monitor these coordinated care arrangements to make sure that physicians are not profiting for increased referrals or for reducing quality care.  In summary, The Hospital Fair Competition Act would:  Improve the accuracy of Medicare inpatient payments by directing the secretary to level the playing field by using estimated costs rather than charges in setting the DRG weights; calculating DRG weights at the hospital level before aggregating them to a national level; adjusting the DRG weights to account for high cost outlier payments, and ensuring that the DRGs appropriately capture differences in the severity of illness of patients.  Allow existing specialty hospitals to continue operation under certain restrictions, especially regarding physician investment.  Close the ``whole hospital'' loophole by prohibiting new specialty hospitals from having ownership or investment interest from physicians who refer Medicare or Medicaid patients to the hospital, effective June 8, 2005.  Allow physicians and hospitals to enter into certain coordinated care arrangements where physicians could share in savings experienced by a hospital by implementing certain cost-reduction efforts.  Establish safeguards to ensure that coordinated care arrangements protect quality of care and minimize any impact on physician referrals.  I urge all my colleagues to join Senator Baucus and me in support of this very important bill.  