 President, just 2 weeks ago a former staffer and longtime friend, Ally Milder, and a business associate of hers came to spend the weekend at the Grassley farm in New Hartford, IA. I tried to get Ally to step out of her fancy shoes for a couple of days and learn a little about farming. I never did persuade her to feed pigs, but we had a lot of laughs.  Today I stand before the Senate with great sadness because Ally Milder--my former chief counsel and a good friend to Barbara and me--died suddenly last Thursday at the age of 50. Ally is gone suddenly and too young. I extend my deep sympathy to her mother Frances and sisters Julie and Kelly, and pay tribute to Ally Milder with much regard.  I met Ally in 1981. She was one of my first counsels on the Senate Judiciary Committee. I was a freshman Senator. She was fresh out of law school and stayed on my staff until 1987, becoming chief counsel during that time. Ally and I shared a great interest in religious freedom. Her leadership helped me to be very active in Soviet Jewry issues as a Senator, including a 1983 trip to the Soviet Union where we met with Russian Jews, the refuseniks, in Moscow. Ally was instrumental in forming the InterParliamentary Group for Human Rights in the Soviet Union, an important weapon in the fight against abuses and for freedom for Soviet Jews. Her tremendous enthusiasm and commitment to this important cause was also proved when she staffed passage of legislation to change the address of the Soviet Embassy in Washington to One Sakharov Plaza. We had to fight the State Department and all kinds of other powerful interests to prevail and provide a daily reminder that America would not overlook the plight of dissidents. Ally personally made a difference in the course of history with her work in this area of human rights.  Ally worked on many issues during those years, including the nomination of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor to the Supreme Court and extension of the Voting Rights Act. Under her leadership of my Judiciary staff, the False Claims Act was passed and signed into law. This landmark legislation updated a Civil War-era law to empower individual citizen-whistleblowers to fight fraud against the taxpayers. In the nearly two decades this law has been on the books, it has returned more than $12 billion to the U.S. Treasury that would otherwise have been lost to fraud. In addition, Ally oversaw renewal of Chapter 12 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, which was a lifeline for family farmers needing to reorganize debt and stay in farming during the terrible farm crisis of the 1980s.  Whatever she was working on, Ally brought energy, a let's-make-it-happen attitude, and characteristic good nature to the task. Her skill and style made her a respected and well-liked colleague on the staff.  Ally left Washington to return home and run for Congress herself, making two good attempts for the Second District seat in Nebraska. I campaigned with her several times. She was tireless about reaching the voters, and we spent one of those days going to all the small towns and rural areas in the district. From what I know about Ally Milder, both before and after she ran for the House of Representatives, I am convinced she would have made a very good Congresswoman. Ally went on to serve on the State board of education starting in 1992, and launched a successful consulting and lobbying practice.  Ally always kept in close touch, and she loved politics. I appreciate the support she gave me. She was generous and shared her commitment to making things better in a lot of ways, including mentoring economically disadvantaged young people.  It is hard to believe that Ally won't be walking around the corner somewhere, sometime next week, with her big smile and warm embrace. Knowing Ally, she might want us to take comfort today in an old Jewish saying that ``the only truly dead are those who have been forgotten.'' 