 President, I get a little tired of people on the other side of the aisle making the point that tax cuts are responsible for the deficit we have, when you consider we inherited a recession from the previous administration, and we had September 11, and because of the catastrophe of September 11, income to our Federal Treasury went down from $2.1 trillion to $1.75 trillion. That went on over a period of 3 years before the economy turned around.  Then, to find fault with the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, a person no less than Chairman Greenspan said those tax cuts were what turned this economy around. And turning the economy around, we have $274 billion more coming into the Federal Treasury in the year 2005 than we did in 2004.  And then, especially when you measure deficits by gross national product, our deficit now is less than it was in 1993 under Clinton. Our deficit now is less than it was under Reagan in 1982, and a lot less in the case of 1982.  Now, what I rise for is this: the justification that was made this morning that we are having this reconciliation bill, cutting expenditures, so we can cut taxes. We are not going to cut taxes any more. We have done that in 2001 and 2003. That tax policy is what turned this economy around and brought in $274 billion more this year than last year, even $70 billion more in the last 10 months than we estimated back in February would come in this year.  But the case the other side is making that we want to have further tax cuts--if we take no action, what they want to do is have an automatic tax increase. We have a lot of tax provisions that are going to sunset this year. If we do not keep tax policy the way it is, we are going to have a tax increase.  Now, they like to have more money coming in so they have more money to spend. I would like to have somebody on the other side of the aisle tell me how high taxes have to be to be high enough to satisfy their appetite to spend money. I have never heard that. But the fact is, they can have a tax increase and not even have to vote for it. So we have to take action between now and the end of the year to make sure the existing tax policy, that was good for the economy, keeps this economy going, as Chairman Greenspan has given those tax cuts credit for where we are.  I want to tell my colleagues what is going to happen if we do not take action before the end of the year to continue the tax policies that would otherwise sunset, that somehow they do not want us to continue.  Our objective is to preserve current levels of tax relief. These tax increases would occur if my friends on the other side of the aisle--and maybe even an occasional Republican or two--have their way and thwart the reconciliation bill in the process.  First, the tax relief plan continues the hold harmless provision of the alternative minimum income tax. This piece of the plan, the largest, I might add, is worth about $30 billion to 14 million American families. You can see by this chart, if we do not take action, we are going to have about 5 million middle-income taxpayers paying more taxes next year because they will get hit by the alternative minimum income tax.  I want to remind everybody that the alternative minimum income tax was meant to hit the very wealthy, who were taking advantage of every tax loophole they could and not paying any tax, that they ought to pay something. But it was never meant to hit middle-income America.  We are going to have in my State of Iowa 65,000 more Iowans pay tax they were never supposed to pay if we do not take action between now and December 31.  Look at all the places where I wish I could think of all the people who have been complaining the most about what we are talking about. But the point is--North Dakota, for instance, I think it ought to be pretty obvious. Do you want 13,364 North Dakotans to pay additional tax if we do not take action before the end of the year?  