 I quoted the Congressional Budget Office. Here is what the Congressional Budget Office said about eliminating the noninterference clause in a letter just last year:       The Secretary would not be able to negotiate prices that      further reduce Federal spending to a significant degree.  The letter went on to say:       CBO estimates that substantial savings will be obtained by      the private plans.  That is the way we wrote this bill and what the Senator is trying to change.  Now, we also have an analysis from the Chief Actuary for the Medicare Program. The Chief Actuary is required by law to provide independent actuarial analysis on Medicare issues. The Chief Actuary's report states the view that the Medicare prescription drug plans will achieve average cost reductions of 15 percent initially, and that these cost reductions will rise to 25 percent over 5 years.  The Chief Actuary has concluded that he does not ``believe that the current administration or future ones would be willing and able to impose price concessions that significantly exceed those that can be achieved in a competitive market.''  In fact, more astonishing, the Chief Actuary points out that if Medicare establishes drug price levels, it will reduce competition, not increase it. Their report states:       Establishment of drug price levels for Medicare by the      Federal Government would eliminate the largest factor that      prescription drug plans could otherwise use to compete      against each other.  Further, their report points out that the past experience in the Medicare Program does not give one much, if any, confidence that Medicare will do a good job in setting prices. Far from it. As confirmed by the Actuary's report, prior to the enactment of the prescription drug bill, drugs in Part B ``were reimbursed at rates that, in many instances, were substantially greater than prevailing price levels.'' So Medicare does not have a very good track record when it comes to price negotiations.  So let me be clear: Direct Government negotiations is not the answer. The Government does not negotiate drug prices. The Government sets prices, and it does not do a very good job at that.  The bill's entire approach is to give seniors the best deal through vigorous market competition, not price controls. Again, a quote from Senator Daschle when he outlined the principles of his Medicare prescription drug benefit:       Fifth, we should take a lesson from the best private      insurance companies: Cost-savings should be achieved through      competition, not regulation or price controls.  Even The Washington Post editorial page wrote on February 17, 2004:       Governments are notoriously bad at setting prices, and the      U.S. Government is notoriously bad at setting prices in the      medical realm.  The Congressional Budget Office said that such a proposal ``could generate no savings or even increase Federal costs.''  So we did not rely on Government price-fixing but instead created a new drug benefit that relies on strong market competition, an approach relied upon by the MEND Act as introduced by Senator Daschle and cosponsored by 33 Democrats.  The new Medicare drug benefit creates consumer choices among competing, at-risk private plans. The Medicare plans will leverage the buying power of millions of beneficiaries to lower drug prices. I urge my colleagues to oppose efforts to repeal the noninterference clause and oppose efforts to get the Government involved in setting drug prices. It is a prescription for higher costs and undermining the competitive market in the Medicare bill that will result in lower drug costs. Let us not interfere with that with some sort of attempt to strike the so-called noninterference clause.  I yield the floor.  