 President, the Senate will vote shortly on final passage of S. 1932. We have had a good debate on this bill. I commend the chairman of the Budget Committee for his effective and fair management of the consideration of this bill this week.  The Senate Finance Committee title was carefully crafted to address a wide range of member priorities. The Senate Finance Committee title is a compromise--one that was meticulously negotiated over many months. It represents clear-headed, commonsense reforms.  But here is something that should make a lot of people wonder what is going on around here. I noted with interest a recent Washington Post article which notes:       The Senate package is gaining kudos from some unlikely      sources. Liberal budget and antipoverty groups say the Senate      budget-cutting legislation largely avoids cuts that will hit      low-income beneficiaries . . .  And here is another one. The Associated Press reports:       As a result, the Senate's Medicare and Medicaid cuts      largely won't touch beneficiaries of the programs, instead      tapping     drug companies, pharmacies and insurance subsidies for much      of the savings.  I am therefore somewhat confused why more of my friends and colleagues from the Democratic side are not going to support final passage of this bill. I think I know partly what the answer is--is it because the House version of this bill is much more far-reaching than the Senate proposal? Is it because the same groups that praise the Senate bill oppose the process moving forward on that basis?  I would make the point that I think the Senate's position in going to conference with the House would be strengthened if S. 1932 passed with strong bipartisan support. I do not understand why the liberal budget groups are not urging Democrats to unite in support of the Senate bill.  I believe that the American people want us to join together to get things done. They want us to get our fiscal house in order, but they also want us to enact compassionate policies that help honest-to-goodness working families. The Senate bill meets both of those priorities. Here is the bottom line, and I want all my friends on the other side of the aisle to hear this. Here is what a vote against the Senate bill we have before us today means. Opposition to the Senate bill's balanced approach to Medicaid reform and program improvements is opposition to achieving savings, preserving services, and protecting beneficiaries.  A ``no'' vote is a vote against cutting wasteful spending in Medicaid and other changes that provide additional resources to State Medicaid programs.  A ``no'' vote is a vote against having the State and Federal Government pay less for drugs.  A ``no'' vote is a vote against tightening up asset transfers, thereby paying less for nursing home care through Medicaid.  A ``no'' vote is a vote against increasing State and Federal payments from drug companies.  A ``no'' vote is a vote against a $2 billion windfall to the States.  Opposition to the Senate bill's balanced approach to Medicaid reform and program improvements is opposition to the bipartisan Family Opportunity Act.  So that means that a ``no'' vote is a vote against the Family Opportunity Act's expansion of Medicaid eligibility for severely disabled children. Opposition to this provision means forcing many working families to refuse better jobs or promotions--keeping them poor in order to qualify for Medicaid or, worse, relinquish custody of their disabled child to the State so that their child can continue to get the services they need.  A ``no'' vote is also a vote against the Family Opportunity Act's protection for families whose newborn is diagnosed with a severe disability from being liable for thousands of dollars of medical costs.  A ``no'' vote is a vote against ``Money Follows the Person,'' which provides grants to States to increase the use of home and community based services, rather than institutional services. ``Money Follows the Person'' also eliminates barriers so that individuals can receive support for long-term services in the settings of their choice.  Opposition to the Senate bill's balanced approach to Medicaid reform and program improvements is opposition to a down payment on Hurricane Katrina disaster relief.  So that means that a ``no'' vote is a vote against providing $1.8 billion to protect Medicaid benefits in Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi for people affected by Hurricane Katrina.  Opposition to the Senate bill's balanced approach to Medicaid reform and program improvements is opposition to protecting health coverage for thousands of children and improving the State Children's Health Insurance Program.  A ``no'' vote is a vote against preventing funding shortfalls in the Children's Health Insurance Program in 23 States.  A ``no'' vote is a vote against providing new options for private coverage of long-term care through Long-term Care Partnerships.  A ``no'' vote also means opposition to closing loopholes that permit the unscrupulous ``gaming'' of Medicaid eligibility rules to intentionally shelter assets to qualify for taxpayer-financed long-term care coverage in Medicaid.  Those who vote against this bill are also opposing the Senate bill's balanced approach to Medicaid reform and program improvements is opposition to protecting access for rural beneficiaries.  So that means that a ``no'' vote is a vote against protecting small rural hospitals and sole community hospitals by extending the hold-harmless provisions that protect them from losses resulting from implementation of the hospital outpatient prospective payment system.  A ``no'' vote is also opposition to extending the Medicare Dependent Hospital Program, which provides financial protections to rural hospitals with less than 100 beds that have a greater than 60 percent share of Medicare patients.  A ``no'' vote also means opposition to expanding coverage of additional preventive benefits under Federal Qualified Health Centers.  Why would my Democratic colleagues oppose such commonsense, practical policies that save the States money, expand access for low income and disabled children, help rural hospitals and make progress to rebalancing the institutional bias in the Medicaid program?  I am saddened that it appears my colleagues cannot put partisan politics aside and get behind a bill that saves money for States, protects and expands access, and preserves benefits. I urge my colleagues to support the Senate bill. Let's show the American people that we can put politics aside and stand together and get things done for the good of the country.  