 She means she and I serve on the Finance Committee together. I don't want to mislead the audience, I am not chairman of the Judiciary Committee.  Mr. President, I will proceed, then, with the remarks I wanted to make in regard to my support for Judge John Roberts to be the next Chief Justice of the United States. I do support that nomination. Judge Roberts has earned our vote. He understands the proper role of a judge in our constitutional democracy. He understands the courts are not superlegislatures.  He understands that I am elected to be a legislator, to make law. If people do not like the law I make, they can vote me out of office. But if Judge Roberts makes law, with a lifetime appointment to the Court, he can never be voted out of office unless he is impeached. He understands that the courts are not responsible for addressing every social ill or injustice that, in fact, ought to be settled through law and public policy. He understands that courts do not create new rights. Rather, courts protect those liberties and rights guaranteed by our Constitution and the laws appropriately enacted by Congress and State legislatures.  He also understands that there are a great deal--infinitesimal--number of unenumerated rights out there for you and me that are reserved under our Constitution to the States and to the people thereof.  Judge Roberts said this to the committee:       Judges and Justices are servants of the law, not the other      way around. Judges are like umpires. Umpires don't make      rules, they apply them.  Judge Roberts underscores that ``judges and Justices'' make sure everybody plays by the rules. But these rules limiting the power of Government over the people apply to the courts as well. He made it very clear to us. In Judge Roberts' view, ``Not everybody went to a ball game to see the umpire.''  That is the right approach to the job of a Supreme Court Justice.  Judge Roberts has demonstrated, particularly to the committee, that he understands the limited nature of judges, and especially the humility and the modesty necessary to be the kind of judge we need on our highest Court. Judge Roberts believes that courts may act only to decide cases and controversies. That is exactly what it says in article III of the Constitution. So judges cannot address every unaddressed and unremedied social problem.  Judge Roberts said:       Judges have to decide hard questions when they come up in      the context of a particular case. That is their obligation.      But they have to decide those questions according to the rule      of law, not their own social preferences, not their policy      views, not their personal preferences but according to the      rule of law.  That is what he told us in committee.  Judge Roberts also said:       We don't turn a matter over to a judge because we want his      view about what the best idea is, what the best solution is.      It is because we want him or her to apply the law. Let me say      parenthetically, as I would interpret that, not to make law,      but to apply the law.  He went on to say:       