 President, can I have the attention of the Senator from West Virginia, please. The Senator from West Virginia does not need to respond to this, but I just want to make sure. First, I rise because about 6 o'clock yesterday afternoon, I promised the Senator from West Virginia that I would get back with him and hopefully have Senator Baucus with me to discuss whether we could go along with his amendment.  I got the amendment over to my staff, as I promised I would, about that time, but it was 9:30 this morning before I was able to get the two staffs together. I never did get together with Senator Baucus so I could come over and visit with the Senator personally about it.  We have found a cost argument, not an argument against the Senator's point of view on the substance of his amendment, but it is my responsibility as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee to find offset. Now, I do not say this to denigrate the Senator's efforts--the Senator does not have to worry about offsets; that is my job--but if I were going to go along with the amendment of the Senator, I would have the responsibility to find an offset.  So I apologize, first, for not getting back to the Senator as I promised I would last night. But based upon some of the arguments that Mr. Inhofe gave but more importantly related to the work of my committee--and I cannot speak for Senator Baucus, but I think there is an agreement among our staff, and I do not want to put a figure on it without having the Joint Tax Committee actually score something, but this is a tremendously expensive amendment, not that it is not justified.  I would have to come up with a fairly large figure that my staff tells me would be close to what we have already raised to bring more money into the transportation fund so that we can get more money for the Senator's State and my State, and more money even for the transit that is a basis for the Senator's argument because he does not have the mass transit--and we do not have the mass transit in Iowa as well, so Iowans would benefit from the Senator's amendment. But I just cannot find that money, and it would detract from all the money we previously had raised.  I do not know what the course of action is, but I would have to take the position of advising people not to vote for the Senator's amendment.  