 President, the amendment by the Senator from Maine and the Senator from Oregon about the noninterference clause will not result in savings, and it is going to undermine a drug benefit that is not even up and running yet. I don't know how you can propose changes in legislation that effectively doesn't get started until January 1, 2006. How do you know things are not going to work until you have had some experience with it?  I have urged everybody to hold off on changing anything in the prescription drug bill until you actually see it functioning. It seems to me to be very difficult to work on a piece of legislation like this and try to change it before it has been operational.  First and foremost, let me be clear about something again. The Medication Modernization Act does not prohibit negotiations with drug companies. That could not be further from the truth. In fact, it requires the Medicare plans to negotiate with drugmakers for better prices. These negotiations are at the heart of the new Medicare drug benefit plan.  The absurd claim that the Government will not be negotiating with drugmakers comes from a noninterference clause in the Medicare law. This noninterference clause does not prohibit Medicare from negotiating with drugmakers. It prohibits otherwise the CMS from interfering with those negotiations that are provided for.  Let me be clear, the noninterference clause is at the heart of the bill's structure for delivering prescription drug coverage. This clause ensures those savings will result from market competition, rather than through price fixing by the Center for Medicaid Services bureaucracy.  Here is what is so funny about what we are discussing today. The same noninterference clause language that we have in the law right now was in the Daschle-Kennedy-Rockefeller bill and the Gephardt-Dingell-Stark bill in 2000. The Daschle bill was in 2002; the Gephardt bill was in the year 2000.  I want to read for you what this says:       In administering the prescription drug benefit program      established under this part, the Secretary may not (1)      require a particular formulary or institute a price structure      for benefits; (2) interfere in any way with the negotiations      between private entities and drug manufacturers, and      wholesalers; or (3) otherwise interfere with the competitive      nature of providing a prescription drug benefit through      private entities.  Now, where did that language come from? It comes from the bill introduced by Senator Daschle and cosponsored by 33 Democrats, including Senator Kerry. They all thought their approach, which was incorporated in our legislation passed in 2003, and has now been dubbed by opponents of it, including the sponsors of this amendment, as ``preventing Medicare from negotiating,'' was a fine approach when it was suggested from the other side of the aisle.  In fact, at the time, this is what Senator Daschle had to say.       Our plan gives seniors the bargaining power that comes with      numbers. . . . Our plan mirrors the best practices used in      the private sector. For beneficiaries in traditional      Medicare, prescription drug coverage would be delivered by      private entities that negotiate prices with drug      manufacturers. This is the same mechanism used by private      insurers.  Just for the record, opponents now also have claimed that Republicans insisted on including the so-called ban in the Medicare Modernization Act that somehow we ``pushed through.'' I remind these people--and they are here right now--that the whole concept was developed by Democrats.  The Congressional Budget Office has concluded that the market-based approach in the new Medicare law will result in better, higher prescription drug cost management for Medicare than any other approach considered by Congress. That is the green eyeshade people in the Congressional Budget Office.  