 President, I want to discuss a transportation bill that has been several years and several congressional sessions in the making. For a very long time now, Senator Baucus and I have worked with the various authorizing committees to prudently fund the highway and transit programs. Of course, this has not been an easy process. But last year, we found a way to fund the programs in a way that enabled every State of the Union to bring home more money for needed transportation, particularly for highways. Let me repeat that because it is important. Every Member of the Senate, including those who complained about our funding mechanism, did better under our plan last year.  This year we face a different set of challenges. There are conflicts that arose in last year's conference that are still with us. The conflicts spring from three principles that have proven very difficult to reconcile. I will lay out those conflicts.  The first principle is to get a highway bill that is an improvement over current policy. That is where overwhelming majorities are in both theHouse and the Senate. We need adequate funding for our transportation infrastructure. We need to do our best to meet the job, economic development, and transportation needs of the country. The authorizers say improved policy requires more trust fund money.  The second principle from conference is deficit reduction. President Bush has rightly put deficit reduction as a key objective in general and applied it to the highway program in particular. Toward that end, the administration has pegged spending at $284 billion in spending over the applicable period.  In conference, the House brought forward a third principle. They made it clear that they would not accept the use of general fund offsets to prevent deficit increases because of the highway bill.  Over the last several years it has been frustrating to see some Members advance all these principles without acknowledging the inherent conflict. They say: Senator Grassley, we need more money for my State for roads or transit. At the same time, these same Members would say: Senator Grassley, why are you paying for it in this way or that way?  So to any complainers, I issue the challenge that I issued last year: If you complain about the additional money that the Finance Committee has found for your State, explain to me how you would do it differently. Would you forgo that money for your State? If you have an alternative, explain to me how you would find the votes for your method of financing. I issued that challenge last year, and somehow I didn't get any takers. I expect complaints again this year despite the smaller numbers involved and don't expect anyone to take me up on the challenge.  Whether folks want to admit it, as we begin floor debate and conference on this bill, it will become increasingly apparent that these three principles conflict. As one who has tried and continues to try to enact a highway bill into law, I have worked very hard to grow trust fund revenues in a way that doesn't increase the deficit or require general fund offsets. While we were able to devise a floor amendment that grows the trust fund without increasing the deficit, we were not able to do so without the use of any general fund offsets. We did get 40 percent of the way there using additional fuel fraud compliance measures. We are filling in most of the $5 billion gap with a small version of the refund proposal which the administration included in its fiscal year 2006 budget.  Finance Committee investigations reveal that many of the refunds are based in fraud, and these steps will contribute to our efforts to close the tax gap. A very small amount of that gap is also bridged by changes to gas guzzler tax administration. We are still awaiting progress on additional fuel fraud measures and loophole closures and plan to fill in the $5 billion gap in conference. In the meantime, we are using other general fund offsets to do that.  Almost none of these general fund offsets are new, as nearly all were included in the Senate-passed JOBS bill last year. Two notable provisions have been added. One of those provisions is intended to improve the administration of the Internal Revenue Service's offer-in-compromise program. The second involves a leasing tax shelter abuse in the transportation sector that we refer to by the acronym SILOs. These were the schemes that allowed big corporations to claim tax deductions for bridges, pipelines, and subways that are paid for with taxpayer dollars but with no risk for the leasing company.  Congress passed the JOBS bill last fall and outlawed these SILOs but not without concessions to the interests of shelter promoters. Under that bill, SILO shelter promoters got more than a year to get their deals-in-process approved by the Department of Transportation. And, of course, I believe that is an outrage. We exerted great effort in Congress to shut down this abuse, but the transition relief in the JOBS bill is a sop to shelter promoters and an insult to American taxpayers. This amendment will end that abuse now, not a year from now.  In committee, we marked up in alignment with the President's $284 billion figure. That was the deal the authorizing committees and this committee made with Leader Frist to get the bill to the floor. In our Finance Committee markup, I indicated my intent to work on the floor with Senator Baucus, the Senate leadership, and authorizers to grow the trust fund revenues in a manner that does not negatively impact the deficit. I believe we have incorporated a Finance Committee amendment that does just that.  I also understand and agree with the House position that we should not mix general fund offsets and trust fund resources. To that end, I want the Senate to know that I commit to working further so that no general fund offsets are required to maintain a sufficient trust fund for the conference agreement.  At the markup, I also asked and I continue to ask the administration to shift its focus away from the top-line $284 billion number and toward the principle of deficit reduction. The bill before the Senate, including our recently added amendment to grow trust fund receipts, is paid for in its entirety principally by cracking down abuse and closing loopholes. In fact, this bill, as currently drafted, actually contributes positively and substantially towards deficit reduction.  I reemphasize that an exclusive focus on the top-line spending number viewed outside of a deficit reduction context will only lead to a repeat of last fall's conference gridlock. Gridlock in conference won't resolve the gridlock on our Nation's highways. So I ask all the key players at each end of Pennsylvania Avenue to focus on main street and work toward a fiscally responsible highway bill.  