 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  I rise in support of Tom Dorr, the President's nominee for Under Secretary of Rural Development at USDA.  Tom is a fourth generation ``dirt under the fingernails'' family farmer. He has also been a small businessman and understands the demands and challenges of doing business in rural America.  Tom Dorr is a family man, having been married to Ann for 35 years. They have a son and a married daughter and a beautiful granddaughter, all who live in Iowa.  Tom is a community leader, having served as the chairman of the board for the Heartland Care Center, a cooperative care center in Marcus.  Tom was instrumental in starting the Iowa Corn Growers Association and served in various leadership roles before moving on to leadership at the National Corn Growers Association.  Tom served on the board of the Chicago Federal Reserve and has also served on the Iowa Board of Regents, which is truly one of the most prestigious jobs in our State, a position now held by the wife of my Senate partner from Iowa, Tom Harkin. Mrs. Harkin serves on that prestigious body.  Tom's leadership ability has been demonstrated and utilized to the benefit of his community and our State time and time again.  Tom has dedicated a good portion of his life to serving Iowa's rural population and improving Iowa's rural economy.  Tom Dorr has the financial expertise and business savvy required to run an organization as large and complicated as USDA's Rural Development.  Rural Development is basically a large bank, with a loan portfolio of almost $90 billion. That is as big as Wells Fargo or Chase Manhattan and bigger than most of the banks in America. This agency has 7,000 employees located in over 800 offices across the country.  Not just any person can move from the farm and smoothly take over an organization of this size. But Tom Dorr did exactly that. Tom Dorr ran Rural Development as the Under Secretary for 16 months--from August 2002 until December 2003.  Because of Tom's recess appointment, we have the unique opportunity to examine his track record.  I have heard from many people at USDA about Tom Dorr's accomplishments. This news doesn't come only from other political appointees, it also comes from career staff and groups who originally had concerns.  Folks tell me about his leadership, his vision, his intellect and most importantly, his commitment to rural America. When I hear of comments like this from his peers and those who worked with him, I take particular note.  Let me describe a few of Tom's accomplishments while he was the Under Secretary for Rural Development:  No. 1, he expedited the release of $762 million of water and wastewater infrastructure funds provided in the 2002 farm bill in just 3 months.  No. 2, he led the effort to complete the rulemaking process in order that the $1.5 billion broadband program could begin taking applications this year. He believes that if Americans are to live locally and compete globally, that it is as imperative to wire the country for technology access as it was to provide electricity nationwide 60 years ago.  No. 3, in order to facilitate the review of $37 million in value-added development grants, he creatively used private sector resources to expedite the process.  No. 4, in order to deliver the financial grants authorized through the Delta Regional Authority, he helped develop and get signed a memorandum of understanding between Rural Development and the Delta Regional Authority. This will allow Rural Development to assist in delivering joint projects at no added cost to the Delta Regional Authority.  No. 5, he facilitated the development of a memorandum of understanding, signed by Secretaries Veneman and Martinez, between the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Housing and Urban Development, that is focused on better serving housing and infrastructure needs.  No. 6, he has developed a series of initiatives with HUD that will allow Rural Development to more cost effectively meet the housing needs of rural America. These have allowed USDA to provide greater access for rural American housing, but especially minorities living in rural America in fulfillment of the President's housing initiative.  No. 7, he has initiated a review of the Multi-family Housing Program. This includes the hiring of an outside contractor to conduct a comprehensive property assessment to evaluate the physical condition, market position, and operational status of the more than 17,000 properties USDA has financed, all while determining how best to meet the needs of low-income citizens throughout rural America.  No. 8, he has initiated a major outreach program to insure that USDA's Rural Development programs are more easily made available to all qualified individuals, communities, and organizations. This marketing and branding initiative has also played an important role in changing the attitude of employees to concentrate on customer service and proactive outreach, with emphasis on reaching out to minorities.  Although this is an incomplete list of his accomplishments, it is easy to see that as Under Secretary, Tom Dorr did a great job in the short 15 months he served at Rural Development.  Clearly, I support Tom and believe he is the right person for the job, but let me read a few comments from the folks that worked with Tom when he was Under Secretary.  First is the Mortgage Bankers Association, a much respected national organization in the banking industry:       We support Mr. Dorr's nomination as Under Secretary for      Rural Development because we have found him to be an engaged      leader with a true commitment to the housing and community      development needs of rural America--Jonathan L. Kempner,      President/CEO.  This organization certainly is able to recognize if someone has the ability tounderstand the financial issues and have the skills needed to run USDA Rural Development.  The next quote is from the Council for Affordable and Rural Housing, a very respected organization serving the housing industry.       On behalf of our members throughout the country, we are      writing to you today in support of the nomination of Thomas      C. Dorr to be the Under Secretary for Rural Development . . .      There is a need for strong leadership and determination to      forge long-term solutions to preserving this important      investment in rural housing--Robert Rice, Jr., President,      Council for Affordable and Rural Housing.  I have many more letters, probably 50 or more, from organizations all across the country asking us to confirm Mr. Dorr. In addition, I have a letter signed by many of the leading national agricultural organizations such as the National Corn Growers Association and American Farm Bureau Federation.  There is another issue that I feel compelled to address today. During the 2002 hearing and in the floor debate in the Senate, concerns were expressed regarding Tom's position on minority issues. I would like to reference letters for the record this morning that should alleviate any lingering concerns.  These letters are from minority organization leaders expressing their support for Tom Dorr's confirmation.  The first letter is from the Federation of Southern Cooperatives. You may recall that they had a representative testify against Mr. Dorr at the 2002 Hearing. I will read a quote from their executive director, Ralph Page:       I am personally endorsing Tom Dorr's nomination because of      his deep interest in rural development. He has made several      visits to the communities within the Federation's network and      has a great understanding of the needs of rural poor      communities. He is the man for the job  Here is another one:       Mr. Dorr [has] made great accomplishments in the position      and has earned the trust from rural Americans to carry out      this mission--Dexter L. Davis, President, Northeast Louisiana      Black Farmers and Landowners Associations.  Here is another one:       I met Mr. Dorr in Washington, DC, when he was serving as      the acting Under Secretary for Rural Development and was      impressed with his passion for small farmers. Quite frankly,      when I first met Tom, I was not expecting him to be      particularly supportive of our needs. But over the years that      we have worked together, I have found him to be a great ally      and a tireless fighter for the causes that we both support--     Calvin R. King Sr., President/CEO, Arkansas Land and Farm      Development Corporation.  Here is another one:       We hold Mr. Dorr as a valuable asset to our organization      and its future. He is one of the individuals that has played      a major role in bridging the gap between the small limited      resource and minority producers for our organization and the      USDA--Fernando Burkett, Black Farmers & Agriculturalists      Association, Arkansas Chapter.  I have many more letters that I could read, but I think it is easy to understand the point. Thankfully, these organizations were concerned enough to come forward after they had a chance to get to know and work with Tom.  In addition, I also want to read portions of a letter to Mr. Dorr by Dr. Dennis Keeney, the former head of the Leopold Center at Iowa State University. Many of you will recall Dr. Keeney was asked to testify against Mr. Dorr in 2002:       I write to apologize for appearing at your hearing in 2002.      It was something I should have said no to right off, but did      not. Then it sort of drug on and I had to go through with the      appearance or lose face. That still did not make it right. .      . . It was during the reading of this book (The Natural, the      Misunderstood Presidency of Bill Clinton) that I realized      that I had become part of the mudslinging and character      assassination. This is not the type of legacy I would like to      leave. You have been misunderstood, and made a poster child      for big agriculture. I am sure that has not particularly      bothered you. But, I have not been proud of my little part in      helping paint that picture--Dr. Dennis Keeney, Emeritus      Professor, Iowa State University, in a letter to Tom Dorr,      June 25, 2003.  I thank Dr. Keeney for sharing this letter and for setting the record straight.  In closing, I ask my colleagues to set aside the politics of the past and concentrate on the real issues affecting rural America and what Tom Dorr would do if confirmed for this important job at USDA.  We have neglected our duty by going 4 years without having a confirmed Under Secretary for Rural Development at USDA. We have had four different individuals serving in the Under Secretary position, and none of them were confirmed by the Senate. That is not a good way to run a business, or a large and complicated agency as important to our States as USDA Rural Development.  Tom has been under a microscope since his original nomination and everyone who has looked in the lense has offered glowing praise for his work and accomplishments.  Thankfully, we do not need to speculate about whether Tom would do a good job or not, Tom has already demonstrated he has done and will likely continue to do a great job for rural America in the role of Rural Development Under Secretary.  How often do we actually get to judge a nominee by their proficiency in the job? Tom is a sure thing. Rural America is regaining its economic, social and cultural momentum. It would be a shame to deprive it of leadership at this critical juncture.  We have a unique second chance today. I hope we will set aside our differences and do what is best for our rural citizens, our States, and our country.  