 Everything here is not everybody at each other's throat. And I say that to the public at large because we do get along even though we disagree sometimes.  Anyway, I had this reconciliation package come out of my committee, and we are going to it now. And in the provision that we passed we were able to include what I consider a downpayment of what the Senator from Arkansas and the Senator from Louisiana want to accomplish. In their judgment, it is not enough, but it is moving the ball down the road in a way I hope that will get some help to people who need it.  This provision in the reconciliation legislation then makes that downpayment to respond to the health care needs of low-income families affected by Hurricane Katrina. This is a placeholder for spending on the hurricane victims because I believe it is extremely important that we address the needs of those so affected. The legislation provides $1.8 billion to protect Medicaid benefits in Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. The legislation provides targeted temporary relief to parishes and counties affected by the hurricane.  The legislation reimburses States fully at 100 percent of their share of Medicaid costs for any claim paid for medically necessary health care for evacuees. This Federal Medicaid funding increase is temporary. It begins on August 28, 2005, the day the hurricane hit, and ends on May 15, 2006. This is targeted relief for 1.9 million people. It focuses its assistance to the people who need it the most.  I want to be clear, I would prefer to do our full bill on the Senate floor outside the reconciliation process in what we call emergency measures. I remain deeply disappointed in the people who have stood in our way, and they are on my side of the aisle. In my judgment, this administration's stand as well on this has just been plain wrong, and I have said that in committee, and I have said that in news conferences.  Would I like to do more? Certainly. But to do more means that you must pay for it. Frankly, I am concerned about how the Senator from Arkansas is paying for this amendment. While I support taking funds out of FEMA to pay for Katrina relief, doing so on a reconciliation bill is not germane.  So, Mr. President, the provisions in the reconciliation bill provide assistance for the next 8 months for 1.9 million people, and that is a very good start. It is crucial that we do it this way, and we will get it done this way. At least this much will get done.  I encourage my colleagues to support this provision in my bill and, consequently, I ask them to vote against the amendment by the Senator from Arkansas.  I yield the floor.  