 President, today is the anniversary of the hearing on the worldwide withdrawal of Vioxx, the blockbuster drug that became ablockbuster disaster. As chairman of the Committee on Finance, I called for this hearing a year ago. The Vioxx hearing turned the spotlight on a troubled agency in denial. The type of problems exposed during the hearings have proven to be not isolated but systemic.  Over the past year, my committee staff has investigated allegations coming from within and outside the Food and Drug Administration. Brave whistleblowers, such as Drs. Andrew Mosholder, David Graham, and others, have come forward to expose the too cozy relationship between the agency and the drug industry. I can tell you today that problems exist not only within the Center for Drugs but extend to the centers for devices, biologics, and even into veterinary medicine.  I am concerned--and every other Member of this Senate should also be concerned--about this agency's cozy relationship with industry. To further illustrate this problem, I am sending today a letter to another drug company that appears too cozy with the Food and Drug Administration. Last year, 2 days after the Vioxx hearing, the drug company Wyeth met with former Commissioner Crawford. Why did Wyeth's CEO want to talk with the commissioner? Because Wyeth recently had to remove one of its most profitable veterinary drugs from the market.  So what did Wyeth do? They launched an investigation of a Food and Drug Administration employee, Dr. Victoria Hampshire. It was Dr. Hampshire who concluded that Wyeth's drug was killing hundreds of dogs. I have in my hand what Wyeth presented to former Commissioner Crawford. Every page of this document has on it things that are referred to as confidential. It is a 29-page PowerPoint with 10 pages of backup material. It is dated November 19, 2004. Besides being marked confidential, it says:       ProHeart 6 Apparent Conflict of Interest.  In summary this PowerPoint alleges that Dr. Hampshire had a personal and financial conflict of interest. Dr. Hampshire approached my committee staff because she was scared and felt unfairly targeted by the Wyeth Company and also by her agency. Why? Because she was simply doing her job to check to see if drugs were as effective and safe as they were said to be.  Last week, the Food and Drug Administration briefed my committee investigators on this matter. It turns out that Wyeth succeeded in having Dr. Hampshire removed from reviewing its drugs. Dr. Hampshire's hard work and dedication to science and drug safety placed a bull's eye on her back and destroyed her reputation and career--I should say temporarily destroyed her reputation. When you hear the end of this, she got commendation. Without her knowledge, the Food and Drug Administration also launched a criminal investigation against her.  This sordid story is still unraveling. I can say that no action was taken against Dr. Hampshire, and after the investigation closed, the Food and Drug Administration rewarded Dr. Hampshire for her work on the Wyeth drug, which remains off the market. Unfortunately for Dr. Hampshire, Wyeth's efforts to discredit her did not end when the FDA cleared her. At least one Wyeth sales representative attempted to discredit Dr. Hampshire in the veterinary community. Fortunately for Dr. Hampshire, the salesperson's comments about Wyeth's investigation of her and her alleged conflicts of interest were made to a former colleague of Dr. Hampshire. My letter to Wyeth today seeks information and documents related to Wyeth's investigation of Dr. Hampshire and the salesperson's comments.  So a year later, we are still uncovering the cozy relationship between the agency and the drug industry.  In this case, a company had the guts to go to supposedly an unbiased regulating agency and tried to get somebody fired, removed, and even a criminal investigation against them, do everything to discredit them. That sort of culture and environment should not exist in any regulatory agency with the economic sectors that they are regulating.  Dr. Hampshire's sad story is further proof that the Food and Drug Administration needs a permanent commissioner who can restore order and respect for independence. The Food and Drug Administration cannot serve the American people and the interests of the drug industry at the same time.  A year ago, Dr. Graham created a firestorm when he said at the Vioxx hearing:       I can tell you right now, there are at least five drugs on      the market today that I think need to be looked at quite      seriously to see whether or not they belong there. . . .  Dr. Graham identified those five drugs: Accutane, Bextra, Crestor, Meridia, and Serevent, when asked by my distinguished colleague, Senator Bingaman of New Mexico. Some roundly criticized Dr. Graham's testimony as inflammatory a year ago. Today it is noteworthy that the agency has taken regulatory action or action is pending on four out of the five drugs named by Dr. Graham.  Less than a week after the hearing, the Food and Drug Administration announced it was strengthening its plan to reduce the risk of birth defects associated with Accutane. Then in August the agency issued a public health advisory to help make sure females do not become pregnant while taking this medicine and to release more information about depression and suicidal thoughts associated with that drug. A month after the hearing, December of last year, the Food and Drug Administration issued a public health advisory for Bextra. The agency announced it changed Bextra's label to provide consumers with upgraded warnings about possible heart and blood clotting problems. Ultimately, the agency asked Pfizer to voluntarily remove Bextra from the market in April of this year.  Less than 4 months after Dr. Graham's testimony, Crestor was subject to a public health advisory as part of the agency's effort to notify the public of potentially significant emerging safety data. Crestor's label was changed to highlight important information on the safe use of Crestor. Eight months after the hearing, the Food and Drug Administration convened an advisory committee meeting related to the safety of Serevent and other asthma drugs. The advisory committee recommended strengthening the labels for Serevent as well, but the agency has yet to act. Only one drug, Meridia, has not been the subject of any action by FDA.  American consumers are the beneficiaries of these actions. I don't know if the agency would have acted without Dr. Graham's testimony before my committee a year ago. But I know from experience that sunlight is the best disinfectant. The scrutiny of the last 12 months is just the kind of medicine that the Food and Drug Administration needs. Things have not turned around overnight. Reforming this agency is a long-haul task.  For those of us in Congress committed to oversight, reform, and improvement, the Vioxx investigation and hearings, as well as other investigations, prompted me to cosponsor two Food and Drug Administration reform bills this year. Senator Dodd of Connecticut and I introduced a bipartisan bill, the Fair Access to Clinical Trials Act, in February and the Food and Drug Administration Safety Act of 2005 in April of this year. These bills represent part of a sustained effort to restore public confidence in the Federal Government's food and drug safety agency. A number of you have cosponsored these bills with Senator Dodd and me. I urge everyone else who hasn't to consider them again.  Enactment of these bills will be a meaningful step towards greater accountability and transparency for the Food and Drug Administration. And if enacted, they would provide the agency with some much needed authority to ensure the safety and efficacy of drugs.  One big opportunity that absolutely cannot be missed right now is the appointment of a new full-time commissioner who is committed to reform. This leader must recognize the problems of a culture that has become too cozy with the industry.  Then that leader must be tough enough to make necessary changes happen.  The FDA has to do a top-notch job on ensuring the safety of the products it regulates.  And where the FDA lacks the tools and resources to do so, Congress has to step in and help.  