 President, I rise in strong opposition to the Schumer amendment which would make debts incurred in connection with violations of the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act nondischargeable in bankruptcy. This amendment has been a poison pill to enactment of the bankruptcy bill and must be defeated.  On two previous occasions, CRS performed research for us and told us that FACE debts had never been discharged in bankruptcy. Just recently, I asked CRS to perform an updated search on reported decisions considering the dischargeability of liability incurred in connection with violence at reproductive health clinics by abortion protesters. CRS confirmed that this amendment is not necessary. The CRS memo identified only one reported case, which found the debt to be nondischargeable under the bankruptcy law's discharge exception for willful and malicious injury. So this amendment is not necessary. Even Senator Schumer's own witness at the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the bankruptcy bill testified that in all the cases that she had litigated, the court had always found that the debts incurred under the FACE Act were nondischargeable in bankruptcy.  My colleagues make a big deal out of the fact that some of us on this side have supported amendments similar to this one before. The truth is, when the Schumer abortion amendment was offered in 1999 to the comprehensive bankruptcy bill, Vice President Gore was campaigning for the Democrat nomination. His opponent, Senator Bradley, was alleging that Vice President Gore was not sufficiently pro-choice. Vice President Gore's allies in the Senate were maneuvering to create a tie vote on the Schumer amendment so Gore could ``break the tie'' to improve his political standing.  To avoid this, most Republicans voted in favor for the Schumer amendment. Thus, that vote in the 106th Congress was not a vote on the merits of the Schumer amendment.  The Schumer amendment was included in the 107th Congress bankruptcy bill. But the fact is that in the 107th Congress, the Schumer amendment killed the bankruptcy conference report because the House would not take it. Thus, the Schumer amendment is a poison pill and must be defeated.  Let me reiterate that in two previous memos, CRS concluded that the Schumer amendment is unnecessary because abortion protester debts are already not dischargeable in bankruptcy. We have just updated this research and CRS has confirmed that FACE Act violations are not dischargeable in bankruptcy. The proponent's own witness testified before the Judiciary Committee that none of these debts have ever been discharged in bankruptcy. The reality is that the Schumer amendment is just a political ploy designed to generate opposition to the bankruptcy bill. The Schumer amendment is a poison pill which will kill the bankruptcy bill. This amendment must be defeated, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it.  