 President, for several days now, the Senate has been debating two nominees for the Federal bench, Priscilla Owen and Janice Rogers Brown. I come to the floor to express my support for these two highly qualified women, and I also do it to urge my colleagues to support an up-or-down vote so that these folks know whether a majority of the Senate is consenting to their nomination by the President of the United States, in other words, confirm these two highly qualified judges.  One of the most important roles that we Senators have is the responsibility of advising and consenting to individuals that the President has nominated to fill positions on the three levels of the Federal judiciary. But this responsibility has been threatened by actions of Democratic leadership. Of course, that has brought us to this extended debate, over several days now, about the role of the Senate as expressed in the Constitution about the handling of Federal judges nominated by the President.  It seems to me the Constitution is very clear on the role of the Senate in this judicial confirmation process. Judicial nominees are chosen by the President with the advice and consent of this body. Until President Bush was elected, no one ever interpreted this requirement to mean anything but a simple majority vote of those present and voting in the Senate. For over 200 years, no judicial nomination, with a clear majority support in the Senate, had ever been denied an up-or-down vote on the Senate floor. This was the case regardless of whether a Republican or Democratic President was in office. This was the case, regardless of whether the Senate was controlled by Democrats or Republicans.  Recently, in the last Congress, the Democratic leadership decided it was going to change the ground rules. The Senate Democrats rejected a 200-year-old Senate tradition of giving judicial nominees an up-or-down vote. By doing this, the Democratic leadership has rejected the Constitution, rejected the traditions of the Senate, and it seems to me as a result of the last election, when approving judges was very much an issue to the American electorate, they are now rejecting the will of the American people.  The Democratic leadership targeted 16 of President Bush's 52 court of appeal nominees. They actually filibustered 10 and threatened to filibuster 6more, a full 31 percent of President Bush's appellate court nominees being stymied. Because of this, President Bush has had the lowest percentage of his court nominees confirmed by any President in recent memory.  What is this debate all about? It is basically a debate about what the Constitution requires of the Senate. It is a debate about fairness to the individuals who do not have an opportunity to see whether a majority of the Senate supports them and approves their appointment.  And in the case of fairness to the individual nominees, they have been waiting for years to be confirmed. They have majority support in the Senate, but a minority of Senators is opposed to President Bush's appellate court nominees and, as a consequence, will not allow the Senate to give these individuals an up-or-down vote. The Democratic leadership will not allow the Senate to exercise its constitutional duty of advice and consent.  The Democratic leadership will not allow even this one Senator to exercise my constitutional responsibilities. In a sense, this Senator from Iowa and 99 others are being denied an opportunity to carry out their constitutional responsibility. That is simply not right. The Constitution demands an up-or-down vote. Fairness demands an up-or-down vote.  Some have claimed a rule change on this matter is a violation of Senators' free speech and minority rights. Let me make it very clear, we are not talking about changing rules in this process, we are talking about abiding by the practice of the Senate, until 2 years ago, over the 214-year history of the Senate. So no rule change, just doing what the Senate has always been doing, and no one has raised the issue before about a Senator's free speech and minority rights being violated. There is not anything out of the ordinary then about a majority wanting to exercise its right to keep Senate procedures the same as they have always been.  For example, we were faced with problems in 1977, 1979, 1980, and 1987, problems that were visualized by the Senate majority leader at that time as stopping the Senate from doing what is constitutionally necessary for the Senate to do. In those years, Senator Byrd led a Democratic Senate majority in setting precedents to restrict minority rights. The Republicans, who were the minority party, did not respond by threatening the shutdown of the Senate or the stalling of legislation.  On the other hand, the actions of the Senate Democrats now are an unprecedented obstruction, plain and simple. The Democratic leadership is not interested in additional debate on the nominees. This is not about minorities wanting to exercise speech and debate on the nomination as long as they might want. The Republican majority leader has offered the Democrats time and again as much time as they want for debate. Yet the Democratic leader indicated in so many words that the Democrats would not agree to any time agreement.  The Democratic leadership has taken the position that it will not even allow an up-or-down vote on these nominees. The minority leader has indicated there is no time long enough for Democrats to debate these nominations.  I clearly understand the importance of filibusters and would not want to see them done away with completely. However, it is also important to make a distinction between filibustering legislation and filibustering judicial nominations. The interests of the minority party are protected in the Senate. It is the only segment of our Government where minority points of view are protected. It has served a very good purpose over 200 years bringing about compromise. Filibusters are meant to allow insurance that the minority has a voice in crafting legislation.  When working on a bill, it is possible to make changes in compromises to legislative language until you get the 60 votes needed under Senate rules to bring debate to a close.  In the tradition of the filibuster on legislation, unlimited debate ensures that compromise can take place, protecting some of the desires of the minority. That minority might not be a partisan minority; that minority could be a bipartisan minority that wants to make sure certain changes are made in legislation.  Judicial nominees, however, are very different than legislation. An individual such as Judge Brown or Judge Owen cannot be compromised some way so the filibuster, the way it is used in legislation, can be used to bring about compromise of an individual because you cannot redraft a person like you can redraft legislation to get over a filibuster, to get to finality so a majority can rule. In a sense, the minority is saying it is possible to use the filibuster to cut off the left arm of one of these nominees and put on a new arm so they are compromised to get to finality. That is ridiculous. It just does not work.  But it also illustrates the rationale behind a filibuster applicable to legislation, not applicable to an individual.  For judicial nominations, it is the Senate's responsibility to determine whether nominees are qualified for a position they are nominated to, and to say so through an up-or-down vote. Let a majority of the Senate decide if they are qualified.  Throughout our Nation's history, it has only taken a majority of Senators to determine a nominee's qualification for the judge position they are appointed to. It seems to me after a 214-year history, that is history worth continuing.  The reality about the Democratic leadership's filibuster is that the minority wants to block filling appellate court judgeships by requiring 60 votes to proceed to the nomination. But no other President has been required to get 60 votes for his judicial nominees. No other judicial nominee needed to pass the 60-vote hurdle of a supermajority.  Many Federal judges on the bench today would have never made it, not with that sort of requirement. In fact, all Senators here got elected by a simple majority, 50 percent of the vote. If we had requirements for supermajority rule for Senators to be elected, a lot of Senators who are my colleagues might not be here today. Why are Senators now wanting to approve judges only if they get a 60-percent vote? The reality is no other Senate majority has been excluded from judicial confirmation process in 214 years. We need to restore tradition and the law of judicial process. We need to give these nominees the up-or-down vote the Constitution requires. We need to stop a systematic denial of our advice and consent responsibilities which have been shuttered by the use of the filibuster.  I have been a Member of the Senate since 1981. Before I got to the Senate I served in the other body since 1974. I love the Senate. I have worked hard to be a very productive Senator. I want to do what is best for the Senate, for my constituents, and for my country. That is not different than the other 99 Senators most of the time. That is what we were all elected to do. The Republican majority leader is also trying to do what he thinks is the best thing for this country by moving to reestablish the over 200-year Senate tradition by giving judicial nominees the up-or-down vote.  This is not going to destroy the Senate. It is in the tradition of the Senate and it is within the tradition of the Constitution. The 214-year history of this Senate speaks louder than just the last 2 years, but the last 2 years will trump the first 214 years if we do not take action to keep the advice and consent confirmation process within the tradition of the Senate.  It is just plain hogwash to say that moving to make sure the rule is to give judicial nominees an up-or-down vote will hurt our ability to reestablish fairness in the judicial nominating process. It is not going to hurt minority rights. It establishes what we call regular order as it has been for 214 years. It will be fair both to Republicans and Democrats alike. All the majority leader wants to do is to have a chance to vote these nominees up or down. If these individuals do not have 51 votes, they will be rejected and should be rejected. But if these individuals do have 51 votes, then they should be confirmed. That is according to the Constitution.  If a Senator disapproves of any one of these individuals, vote against the nomination. I have done that in the past. But do not deprive the people the right to support a nominee through their elected Senator.  Some claim many judicial nominees were filibustered by Republicans, particularly when President Clinton was in office. That isn't accurate and that is a nice way for me to say it. Very few people either inside or outside this Chamber have been as involved in the issue of judicial nominations and the use of the filibuster as I have. As a long-time chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Federal Courts, I have a unique perspective on the debate and the use of filibusters.  First, when the Democrats were in a majority in the Senate under President Reagan--and this goes back to my starting in the Senate in 1981--they blocked 30 of President Reagan's nominees and 58 of President Bush Senior's nominees. They did that in the Judiciary Committee.  Now, that is not equivalent to a filibuster. I do not want to mislead anybody. Then, in the last few years of President Clinton's administration, many Republicans became disillusioned with the number of nominees the administration had sent to the Senate, and we felt our own Republican leadership was allowing out-of-the-mainstream nominees to be confirmed. This all came to a head with the nominations of Ninth Circuit Judges Paez and Berzon. Now, understand these people are serving as judges now. They were nominated to that position by President Clinton.  Going back to this time of Judges Paez and Berzon, at that time we had a Democratic President and a Republican-controlled Senate. There was serious talk of filibustering these nominees. I have heard some Democrats and ill-informed pundits try to make the case that Paez and Berzon were filibustered. Well, they were not.  The reality is, the Republican leadership, including the chairman of the Judiciary Committee at the time, argued that there had never been a filibuster of an appellate court nominee. The Republican leadership argued Republicans should not cross that Rubicon and set the precedent because then it would be used against Republicans in the future when we had a Republican administration. So it was decided at that time there would not be a filibuster and we would not set that precedent. There would be a cloture vote, yes, but everyone knew that cloture vote would prevail and the nominee would be confirmed by a majority vote.  So the Members who wanted to filibuster decided to go along with the leadership's wise counsel even though these Members never trusted that the Democratic leadership would follow our example. I voted for cloture. I voted to get over 60 votes so we could move on with what we knew should have been done by the Senate. But I want you to know that I voted against these two nominees, Judges Paez and Berzon. And I was not alone. Other Republican Senators did the same thing. But in the end, unfortunately, those Members were right not to trust Democratic leadership because Democratic leadership has now crossed the filibuster Rubicon.  We are not only being denied the ability to perform our constitutional duty in the judicial selection process, the move to filibuster is upsetting the checks and balances and the separation of powers principle our Nation is founded upon. The Democrats are the ones who are upsetting the checks and balances. They want to grind the judicial process to a halt for appellate court nominees so they can fill the bench with individuals who have been rubberstamped by leftwing extreme groups.  Let me say something about the nominees, then, because these are the folks whom we are debating, these are the folks whose professional future, personal future is at stake by what we do here of allowing 51 votes when they will be approved or 60 votes when they will not be approved.  Priscilla Owen and Janice Rogers Brown are both highly qualified individuals, with exceptional legal abilities. They are talented women, respected women, true pioneers. But they have been drawn into the web of the far leftwing special interest groups. These women have been called outside the mainstream by their opponents. They have been called unworthy for the Federal bench.  They have been labeled, among other things, as ``activist,'' ``anticivil rights,'' and ``anticonsumer.'' These claims are not true. And the claims charged against other of President Bush's judicial nominees are just as false. All these outrageous claims have consequences.  The travesty is Priscilla Owen and Janice Rogers Brown have been waiting for years to be confirmed. The travesty is other worthy nominees such as Miguel Estrada got tired of putting up with the antics of the Senate, a Senate untraditional of its first 214-year history, and just said: I am not going to fight it anymore. So Miguel Estrada withdrew his nomination. The travesty is that a nominee like Judge Pickering is trashed. The travesty is that the good name of a nominee like William Pryor is dragged through the mud.  Ripping to shreds the reputation of these individuals with unfounded allegations is unacceptable. This tactic sends a clear message to good people who want to serve their country that they will have to endure outlandish and baseless attacks on their record and character if they ever want to be a Federal judge. The Democrats are doing this because they are using a far left litmus test to satisfy their leftwing--their leftwing that is out of the mainstream--special groups. So when the Democratic leadership says these nominees are outside the mainstream, they are basically saying these individuals have not been approved by their allies, the far left special interest groups.  But judicial nominees should not be subject to a litmus test. They should not be subject to an ideology litmus test. A nominee should not be opposed, as Priscilla Owen and Janice Rogers Brown are being opposed right now, because they will strictly follow the law, be constitutionalists, rather than legislating from the bench some leftwing agenda.  Moreover, history has proven the wisdom of having the President place judges with the support of the majority, not a supermajority, in the Senate. That process ensures balance on the courts between judges placed on the bench by Republican Presidents and those placed on the bench by Democratic Presidents.  The current obstruction led by Senate Democratic leaders threatens that balance. Priscilla Owen and Janice Rogers Brown deserve an up-or-down vote. It is high time to make sure all judges receive fair up-or-down votes on the Senate floor, up-or-down votes for judicial nominees of both Republican and Democratic Presidents alike in the tradition of the Senate for 214 years, until 2 years ago.  In my town meetings across Iowa, I hear from people all the time, Why aren't the judges being confirmed? If we do not take care of this issue this week, I am going to hear it in my 22 town meetings across northwest Iowa next week when we are not in session. I think most people understand the process is being politicized to the point that good men and women are being demonized and their records distorted at an unprecedented level.  I hear from Iowans all the time that they want to see these nominees treated in a fair manner, and they want to see an up-or-down vote. The Democratic leadership likes to say the Republicans are the ones who are changing the rules. But that is not true. The Democrats are the ones who have engaged in extreme behavior and tactics, pulling out all the stops to defeat well-qualified nominees who would have majority support in the Senate if they were given an up-or-down vote. They are the ones who have distorted the rules to the point that the Senate is being denied its ability to fulfill its constitutional responsibility. And if Senator Frist has to do it, what he is doing is leaving the rules practiced exactly the way they were for 214 years.  Filibustering judicial nominees may be touted as standing firm on principle. On the contrary, what it boils down to is an obstruction of justice. Let's do the American people a favor. Let's stop the theatrics and get back to the people's business. All the rallies and political spin doctoring are not clearing any court dockets, and they are not impressing the American public either.  Let's debate the nominees and give our advice and consent. It is a simple ``yea'' or ``nay,'' when called to the altar to vote. Filibustering a nominee into oblivion is misguided warfare and the wrong way for a minority party to leverage influence in the Senate. Threatening to grind legislative activity to a standstill if they do not gettheir way is like being a bully on the school yard playground. Let's do our jobs.  Nothing is nuclear about asking the full Senate to take an up-or-down vote on judicial nominees. It is the way the Senate has operated for 214 years. The reality here is the Democrats are the ones who are turning Senate tradition on its head by installing a filibuster against the President's judicial nominees.  The Senate has a choice. We can live up to our constitutional duties to advise and consent to President Bush's judicial nominees or we can surrender our constitutional duty to the leftwing special interest groups who apparently control the Democratic Party. This Senator chooses to follow the Constitution.  We need to return to a respectable and fair process. We need to return to the law and the Constitution. We need to return to the Senate's longstanding tradition. We need an up-or-down vote for these judicial nominees.  In case there are some people sincerely led to believe that somehow appointing certain people with a strict constitutionalism to the courts is something to worry about, I would simply ask them to look at how history works in bringing balance to our judiciary throughout the history of our country. Think in terms of 8 years of a Republican President appointing maybe people who are strict constitutionalists to the judgeships--and not all of them are; but just say that they might all be--then you have 8 years of a Democratic president with people of an opposite point of view being appointed to the judgeships. That brings balance.  But also think in terms of how it is difficult to predict down the road 25 years how judges are going to rule. Think of two of the foremost liberal people on the Supreme Court, Justice Souter and Justice Stevens. Who do you think appointed these most liberal members to the Supreme Court? Republican Presidents did. And then balance that with the two other most liberal members on the Supreme Court, Breyer and Ginsburg. Who appointed them? A Democratic President. You could make an argument that Republican Presidents have brought more balance to the Supreme Court than Democratic Presidents have.  Then the other thing is, look at somewhere you thought they were going to be predictable where they would end up, and you have Justice Kennedy and you have Justice O'Connor, who were supposed to be very strict constructionists when they were appointed to the Supreme Court, but they go back and forth between the conservative wing of the Court and the liberal wing of the Court.  So whatever worries the Democratic Senators of today, I wish they would take a look at history. Time answers a lot of these problems. Elections answer a lot of these problems. And we have a great constitutional system that has worked for so long over such a long period of time that in the final analysis everything is going to work out OK.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Roberts). The Senator from California.  