  Mr. President, some on the other side on several different occasions have trotted out several multiple arguments against the tax relief reconciliation instructions to the Finance Committee that I chair. Now, I am not going to get into any debate over whether budget reconciliation can, in fact, be used for tax legislation because there has been plenty of precedent established over the years in the Senate, whether the Senate has been controlled by Republicans or controlled by Democrats.  As an aside, though, I find it intriguing to consider the views of some on the other side feeling so strongly, as they have indicated, that partisan tax increases such as the 1993 tax hike legislation should enjoy expedited reconciliation process, and somehow our using that this year is wrong. They care not a whit about raising $1 trillion in taxes as was done in the 1993 tax bill on a party-line vote under the process that is called reconciliation, but talk about bipartisan tax relief in reconciliation and somehow they get very irate. It seems to be a big double standard, so I come to the floor not to debate these points. Rather, I want to tell you why we should have a reconciled tax relief package.  Let's look back just to the last Congress as a precedent. In that Congress, late in an election year, we passed a couple of tax relief proposals that were allegedly supported on both sides of the aisle. With an election facing them, many on the other side reluctantly supported extension of the family tax relief proposals. Keep in mind that conference vehicle was opened a year earlier--a year earlier. You would think something that passed just before the election should have been considered over the course of a year, but it was not. You would think it would be simple, by how it finally passed, but there were obstacles put in the path of it all the time.  We were not as lucky when we took up the FSC/ETI legislation. That bill was drawn up in a bipartisan way by Senator Baucus and this Senator. The bill came out of the Finance Committee with only two dissenting votes,and those dissenting votes were Republican votes. Despite the bipartisan support, it actually took two cloture votes and the threat of a third cloture vote to break a Democrat filibuster on a tax relief bill Democrats claimed to support.  I have a chart behind me that represents goalposts on a football field. Tax relief bills have a way of becoming political footballs. We brought up the FSC/ETI legislation on March 3, 2004, and did not complete it until May 11, more than 2 months later, the same year. That is over 2 months to do a tax relief bill that had unanimous support from Democrats on my committee. Members, sometimes for partisan reasons, sometimes for other reasons, decide to filibuster by amendment or other tactics.  Now referring to another bill, referring to the charitable tax relief bill that we call the CARE Act, let me point out that we were unable to go to conference because of Democratic leadership objections over the years 2003 and 2004. Also, do not forget that we were unable to get energy tax relief because of a filibustered conference report.  So what happens? Reconciliation creates an opportunity for certainty. Reconciliation, obviously, is not my first choice. Reconciliation prevents must-do tax legislation from becoming political footballs, as you see the goalposts move from time to time. In this case, I had hoped that those who say they want to address issues such as alternative minimum tax hold harmless would not filibuster. If you say you care about expiring provisions that are going to expire this year, such as the college tuition deduction, you should care about reconciliation--if you want to get that done. It will be tough enough to address expiring tax relief provisions. There is demand for revenue of about $90 to $100 billion in this budget, and tax relief numbers of $70 billion. That means I have to find offsets for about a fourth of that, of $20 billion to $30 billion over 5 years, just to keep taxpayers where they are now. Not more tax relief--stopping existing tax policy from ending and having automatic increases in taxes. That will be tough enough without political football tactics of filibusters by amendment or otherwise, as we saw over the course of last year, that I am just using for an example.  But it is a lesson to be learned--to have a process in place where people who say they are for tax relief cannot say they are for tax relief and then stall the process forever and ever. Necessarily, I have to have a reconciliation option in this Finance Committee playbook. I appreciate the Budget Committee's efforts of providing that option. I urge my colleagues to retain that option. Otherwise you are not being realistic when you tell the folks back home that you support extending these tax relief provisions.  In other words, I would like to have us avoid the environment where people can say they are for something but then stall for 2 months to finally get it done, moving the football goalposts down the field. What reconciliation does is it gives us an opportunity to get done what people say they want done.  There are a lot of tax provisions that have to be worked on this year that have almost unanimous support. People can say they are for them but put roadblocks in the way, or move the goalposts to keep them from happening. Reconciliation is going to protect us from that sort of activity.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time.  