 Maybe later.  Madam President, I still would stay within my 15 minutes because I don't want to use floor time that other Members might want to use.  But anyway, farm payments have come under increasing scrutiny, and that is legitimate because we are spending taxpayers' money. Critics of farm payments have argued that the largest corporate farms reap most of benefits from these payments. What is more, farm payments that were originally designed to benefit small and medium-sized family farmers have contributed to the demise of those smaller farmers as well because unlimited farm payments have placed upward pressure on land prices and cash trends and have contributed to overproduction and lower commodity prices, driving many family farmers off the farm.  The law creates a system that is out of balance. This is pointed out in this first chart I have here that basically indicates--and you can look at the different lines, but the bottom line is the one I most often use--10 percent of the largest farmers in America get 72 percent of the benefits that we appropriate to help family farmers with their safety nets. I have to ask: How long are city taxpayers going to support a farm program for family farmers when 10 percent of the biggest farmers are getting 72 percent of the benefits? That is something we in rural America need to be thinking about when we are anticipating just 2 years from now--less than 2 years--having a debate on the renewal of the 2007 farm bill. Are we going to be able to maintain support in the urban-dominated House of Representatives for a farm safety net when 10 percent of the biggest farmers in America are getting 72 percent of the benefits?  I believe we need to correct our course and modify the farm programs before those programs cause further concentration and consolidation in agriculture. Today, most commodities are valued off demand. Markets dictate profitability. When farmers overproduce by expanding rapidly because of the impact of Government farm payments, then markets are not functioning. Federal farm programs are influencing even land prices across the country. Iowa land is selling between $4,000 and $5,000 an acre in counties surrounding my home at New Hartford, IA.  This amendment will revitalize the farm economy for young people across the country by making land prices and cash trends more affordable, and that is going to be most important if we are going to revitalize American agriculture by getting young people in it when you consider today the average age of a family farmer is 50 years.  My amendment will put a hard cap on farm payments at $250,000. That is the same as what is in the President's budget, meaning the Republican President's budget, meaning Republican President Bush's budget. This will take it down from the current payment, $360,000, that is allowed under existing law, under the 2002 farm bill.  Just to remind everybody, I voted against the conference report on the 2002 farm bill, and the lack of farm payments, of responsible hard caps was the reason that I did. I worked back then with Senator Dorgan, who is the main sponsor of this amendment, on a similar measure in 2002, and it passed by a bipartisan, bipartisan support of 66 to 31. The amendment, of course, was taken out in conference.  One section that was added in the 2002 farm bill set up the Commission on the Application of Payment Limitations. This was a substitute for the fact that we didn't get payment limitations; we are going to have a commission study it. This study concluded that payment limitations affect the largest producers and these producers generally have lower per-unit production costs than other producers. But the study also says smaller, less efficient producers may be able to expand production and become more efficient under further payment limitations.  Congress enacted in 1987 the Agricultural Reconciliation Act, more oftenreferred to as the Farm Program Integrity Act, to establish eligibility conditions that are not being abided by today for recipients and to ensure that only entities actively engaged in farming receive payments. To be considered actively engaged in farming, this act requires an individual or entity to provide a significant contribution of inputs--capital, land, equipment, labor--as well as significant contributions of services, particularly labor, or active management to the farming operation. But people have been able to find loopholes around this act, and that has facilitated these huge payments that go beyond the limits that are in law today.  Last year, I held a hearing through the Finance Committee on the GAO report that was released April of 2004. The GAO report recommended that measurable standards and clarified regulations would better assure that people who receive payments are actively engaged in farming. Of course, our USDA under both Republicans and Democrats does not want to write these regulations, does not want to enforce them, and that is why we have this legal subterfuge of getting around the payment limitations that are higher but would be effective, and I wouldn't be arguing with them if they were.  Of the $17 billion in payments that the USDA distributed to recipients in 2002, $5.9 billion went to just 149,000 entities. Corporations and general partnerships represented 39 percent and 26 percent of these entities.  I want my colleagues to look at another chart from the Washington Post of March of this year:       If the purpose of the farm subsidies is to make family      farms viable, it's hard to see why payments of more than      $400,000 apiece should have gone to 54 deceased farmers      between 1995 and 2003, or why the residents in Chicago should      have collected $24 million in farm support over that period.  This type of arrangement, and others like it, raise questions about the interpretation and enforcement of the 1987 act that requires each partner be, according to the law, actively engaged in farming.  This is why I wrote the General Accounting Office to conduct a study. I encourage Members of this body to look at that report.  Earlier this year, the Senate went on record supporting a reform of Federal farm subsidies.  During the markup of the Senate budget resolution, I was able, with the ranking member of the committee, Senator Conrad, to include a sense-of-the-Senate amendment expressing support for stronger farm payment limits; hence, this amendment. That amendment passed the Senate Budget Committee 15 to 7.  The committee agreed that any reconciled mandatory agriculture savings required under the resolution should be achieved through modifications to the payment limitation provisions of the 2002 farm bill.  The budget resolution also instructed Congress to find $3 billion in savings over 5 years in agricultural programs. I supported that resolution coming out of committee without offering my amendment in committee because we have a responsibility to support the chairman in moving the budget resolution along. In the Agriculture Committee, it was bipartisan. These savings consisted of cutting commodity programs, and we achieved the $3 billion savings.  The proposed amendment before the Senate would cap farm commodity farm program payments at $250,000 a year. This would encompass direct payments, countercyclical payments, loan deficiency payments, and marketing loan gains. Gains from commodity certificates would be counted toward the limitation, closing another abusive loophole.  By tightening up loopholes, this amendment would save $1.1 billion in savings over 5 years. With these savings, the Grassley-Dorgan amendment would restore 50 percent of the CRP acres cut by the committee and restore up to 75 percent of the Conservation Security Program money that was cut during the Agriculture Committee markup of reconciliation.  These savings will allow us also to prevent a 2-percent reduction in across-the-board commodity cuts that this resolution before us calls for in the 2006 crop year.  Obviously, with all the increased costs of energy, farming, and everything else, we ought to do what we can to strengthen the safety net and not weaken it. This would help prevent that 2.5-percent cut in farm programs.  Not only has the Senate agreed to some type of payment limit reform in the past, but the President in his budget, as I said, included this $250,000 cap.  The Secretary of Agriculture recently at the Commodity Club luncheon on October 6 said he has heard from producers all over the country. I attended such a forum at the Iowa State Fair, and I understand the type of feedback he received.  The concerns that have been expressed to the Secretary of Agriculture are that farm payments have been causing an increase in land values and the greatest benefits going to the largest farmers.  I have been hearing directly from producers for years exactly what the Secretary is hearing at his farm bill forums. We are hearing that young producers are unable to carry on the tradition of farming because they are financially unable to do so because of high land values, high land prices, and cash rent.  Neil Harl, a distinguished agriculture economist, now retired, from Iowa State University and one of the contributors to the commission report I referred to, has come out with another report. Dr. Harl's statement says:       The evidence is convincing that a significant portion of      the subsidies is being bid into cash rents and capitalized      into land values.  If investors were to expect less Federal funding or not at all, land values would likely decline, perhaps as much as 25 percent.  I have a number of editorials supporting my position. The third one I put up comes from the Des Moines Register. Again, it refers to responsibilities I have as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, assuming I can control every committee in the Senate, and I am willing to inform the Des Moines Register that no Senator who is chairman of the Finance Committee does. They said, in regard to me as chairman of the Finance Committee and Congressman Nussel as chairman of the House Budget Committee:       Both could make a difference for Iowa's farmers and rural      communities by steering adoption of payment limitations for      farm subsidies. Nearly three-fourths of Federal farm payments      go to 10 percent of the farms.  A fourth editorial is from a newspaper that the chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I know, respects very well, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution says:       As time has gone by, smaller farmers most in need have      received less and less of government's support and corporate-     like farms more and more.  Their arguments for payment limitations.  By voting in favor of this amendment, we can restore the cuts that have been made to the commodity and conservation programs and lessen Government support to corporate farmers.  