 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  First of all, the Senator from New Mexico works very closely and very hard as a member of the committee I chair. I appreciate his hard work and he should not take personal anything I am saying about his amendment.  Let me remind people what the Federal medical assistance percentage is all about. We call that FMAP for short. It sets the amount of money that the Federal Government contributes toward the costs of a State's Medicaid Program.  When States are doing well economically, their Federal share goes down. Then when States need more help, when their economy is not doing so well, their Federal share goes up. That is the way the formula was designed. That is the way it has worked. It seems it has worked well for a long period of time. It helps States that need more resources because they have more low-income individuals who will qualify for Medicaid.  Of course, that is another part of the formula. And that makes a lot of sense because it targets scarce Federal resources to States with the largest number of people enrolled in Medicaid. That is the way the program has been on the books since 1965 when it was first enacted.  The Federal contribution, the FMAP, is recalculated each year. As it turns out, at the beginning of the current fiscal year many States saw their Federal share go down, but other States saw their Federal share go up.  So what is the argument that 2006 should be different than any other year? The argument apparently is that this is different because the Census Bureau updated data and that made the FMAP in a few States go down. But the data from the Census Bureau is designed to make the Federal share amounts more accurate. We should seek accuracy in any formulas we have and the statistics that back up those formulas. That is just good common sense, the way Government ought to operate. And, of course, the Census Bureau goes through this very same exercise not just recently--I mean recently but not just for the first time--every 5years, so this is not something new, and this is done to make sure the rate for Federal contributions to Medicaid, or the FMAP, is set accurately.  Of course, that is what we want. The Federal share should be set according to an accurate formula, and the amount of money that goes to each State ought to be a very accurate amount of money. This is the goal and that is what has happened with the improved data of the Census Bureau.  The States that are affected do not want, of course, to see their Federal share go down, and it is very obvious that Senators, accordingly, would fight for the interests of their States. But Congress--if you look at the responsibility of all of us for the entire country--cannot come in every year and override the FMAP formula, because that defeats the whole purpose of having a formula in the first place.  The Federal share went down in these States this year because, oddly enough, it was supposed to go down. In some years, the Federal share goes up in a majority of the States instead of going down. And surprise--that is the way it is supposed to work. When the Federal share goes up, I can't recall anyone lobbying me as chairman of the committee to override the formula to lower their Federal share instead of increasing it.  If your general argument is that the formula is broken, it is going down for 29 States, doesn't that mean it is not broken for the other 21 States? Is it your argument that the formula only works when the States get more money?  It is true that the fluctuation in the Federal share calculation can create problems in States. I don't doubt that. If the States want to limit the amount of decreases--and the increases in Federal funding--then that is something that I would be willing to discuss further. I would be willing to work with anybody in this body in the future to bring greater predictability to the process.  This summer, as an example, I worked on a proposal to do that with my counterpart on the Democratic side of my committee, Senator Baucus of Montana. This proposal would put limits on how far the FMAP could go up or go down in any given year--in other words, to smooth out the peaks and valleys. It gives States predictability on their Federal share, and it would certainly bring stability to the process. I would be willing to introduce the Federal share corridor proposal that Senator Baucus worked on over the summer and have anybody in this body join us as cosponsors.  Finally, increasing the Federal share for 29 States this year necessarily means that we create an even bigger problem in the year 2007. This is then trying to solve one problem and creating another problem. We will be back here next year to solve that problem--create a bigger problem in 2008 and be back here to solve that problem in 2008. Most of the States are projected to see slight increases in 2007. By holding all States harmless this year, their decreases the following year will be greater. Are these States going to come back again next year and ask for another temporary fix to get more money for their Medicaid Program? I guess I don't have to tell you the answer to that question. You know what the answer is. They are not going to be here to voluntarily give up something.  I also question the offset included in this amendment to pay for the new spending. This amendment would further increase the rebate paid by drug manufacturers. It would do this by forcing manufacturers to pay States rebates for drugs dispensed through the Medicaid managed care plan.  The bill we are considering today already increases the rebate paid by drug manufacturers from 15.1 to 17 percent. The bill also makes the drug manufacturers pay millions more in rebates by closing a pair of loopholes in the rebate program. All together this bill already increases the rebates drug manufacturers are forced to pay by $1.7 billion. So this was not a source of revenue that my committee overlooked.  I understand my colleague might not think that is enough, but I would encourage him to look at the CBO report put out this past June examining the price of name-brand drugs. That report shows that the effective rebate being paid by drug manufacturers is actually 31.4 percent and not 15 percent.  I am also concerned about the substantive implications of the amendment. These Medicaid health plans are private businesses that can negotiate low drug prices. Yes, that is the way it was set up, so plans would negotiate lower drug prices. They already negotiate the best price of the marketplace. The States already get the benefit of those lower drug prices that these plans negotiate. Making the manufacturers then pay rebates for drugs on top of what is already negotiated is the same as making them pay a double rebate for those drugs. Of course, that makes no sense.  Yes, I do realize that the Medicaid Commission accepted this amendment in its recommendations, but I am quite certain the Medicaid Commission's stamp of approval would not win support from Members of this body for other proposals that we are considering today.  We have looked at this area. We have come up with responsible policies that address loopholes, and I don't think we need to further increase the rebate beyond what is already included in this bill. Therefore, with due respect for my colleague from New Mexico, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment and the offset that funds it.  I yield the floor.  