 President, I rise to urge my colleagues to vote for final passage of the bankruptcy reform bill. I have been working on this piece of legislation for a long time, and I am pleased to see that we are nearing the end. This bipartisan bill has been maligned by many, and I want to set the record straight. What we are trying to do is fix a bankruptcy system that has gone awry, where individuals who have the ability to repay their debts don't do so, and the rest of us are left holding the bag.  What we have tried to do with this bill is inject some fairness into the system, whereby people who have assets and the ability to repay back their debts go into a chapter 13 repayment plan, and people who do not have any means and no ability to repay go into chapter 7. We've kept the safety net of full chapter 7 bankruptcy discharge for those who truly need it, and channeled others that can pay their creditors into a repayment plan.  This is done through a means test, which is fair and flexible enough to take into account all the unique circumstances a debtor and his family face. The means test takes into account all reasonable and necessary expenses for a debtor and his family. We provide for a court to consider ``special circumstances'', so that a debtor can show that he doesn't have the ability to repay, and should stay in chapter 7. The bill excludes from the means test poor people, those individuals who are below the median income. So if individuals can pay and they really don't have the ability to pay, they will continue to have their debts fully discharged in chapter 7 bankruptcy, while those who do have assets cannot hide them from their creditors and escape repayment.  Let me mention a couple of things this bill does not do. This bill doesn't put the credit card companies first or leaves hard working families out to dry, as some of the bill's detractors have claimed. In fact, the bill helps women and children and improves their situation when someone files for bankruptcy because it provides new priorities and tools so that child support and alimony will be collected before other creditors. We move child support up in priority, up to number one from number seven in line, and that means that they will be paid before a lot of other creditors, including the credit card companies. The bill makes staying current on child support a condition of discharge. We provide that debt discharge in bankruptcy is made conditional upon full payment of past due child support and alimony.  Domestic support obligations are automatically non-dischargeable, without the costs of litigation. The bill also makes payment of child support arrears a condition of plan confirmation. The bill provides better notice and more information to facilitate child support collection, and tracking down deadbeat parents. Further, the bill protects the name of a debtor's minor children from public disclosure in a bankruptcy case.  This bill also doesn't help credit card companies and other lenders take advantage of honest consumers, as some have alleged. In fact, the bankruptcy bill contains some new real and significant consumer protections. The bill requires credit card companies to make new disclosures that benefit customers and prohibits deceptive advertising of low introductory rates. It requires credit card companies to provide key information about how much money people owe and how long it will take to payoff their credit card debt by only making a minimum payment. The bill requires lenders to prominently disclose when late fees will be imposed, the date on which introductory or teaser rates will expire, and what the permanent rate will be after that time. The bill also prohibits lenders from canceling an account because the consumer pays the balance in full each month to avoid finance charges.  The bill also provides that consumers will be given a toll-free number to call where they can get information about how long it will take to payoff their own credit card balances if they only make minimum payments on their balance. This will educate consumers about their financial situations. In addition, the bill allows for more judicial oversight of reaffirmation agreements, to protect consumers from being pressured into onerous agreements.  The bankruptcy bill also includes a debtor's bill of rights to prevent bankruptcy mills from preying upon those who are uninformed of their rights. The bill provides for penalties on creditors who refuse to renegotiate reasonable payment schedules outside of bankruptcy. The bill provides for penalties on creditors who fail to properly credit plan payments in bankruptcy. The bill strengthens enforcement and penalties against abusive creditors for predatory debt collection practices. Finally, the bill contains credit counseling programs to help consumers avoid the cycle of indebtedness.  So with the bankruptcy bill, we've tried to close loopholes in the system and eliminate abuses. We've created new consumer protections. We've made chapter 12 permanent. We've made sure that financial markets are not subject to risk. Although the bill doesn't contain everything I would have liked to include, it is a good start to putting an end to the abuses.  It has been a long haul, but I think we are finally seeing this bill through to the end. And there are many people that I'd like to thank because they've been instrumental in getting us to this point. I've been quite busy lately as chairman of the Finance Committee, working on social security, medicare and tax reform. I take that responsibility very seriously. Because of Finance Committee markup and hearing conflicts, I have had to rely on my colleagues to manage this bill on the floor. But the job has been in very good hands.  In' particular, I appreciate Senator Hatch and the diligence that he has shown towards this bill. On more than one occasion, he made sure that the bankruptcy bill made it through the committee process so that we could have it considered on the floor. He has stepped up to the plate many a time to manage the bill, work on compromises, and keep the engines running. SenatorHatch is a good friend and colleague, and I respect his perseverance as well as his legal expertise. I'm glad to see that all his hard work during the years has finally come to fruition. Senator Hatch has been a true stalwart through the years, and I thank him for his dedication to bankruptcy reform. I also want to thank his able staff, Perry Barber, Kevin O'Scanlin and Bruce Artim for all their help on this bill.  I especially want to thank Senator Sessions for being a tireless champion of bankruptcy reform here in the Senate. I have relied on his intellect and legal prowess for the last eight years that we've been working on this bill. I believe that Senator Sessions has brought a unique perspective to the bankruptcy bill with his dedication to eliminating abuses in the bankruptcy process. He is a firm believer that if you borrow money, you have to pay it back. So I truly am thankful for all the work that Senator Sessions has done, especially in managing this bill on the floor. He is one sharp lawyer, and I am honored to have him as my friend. I also want to thank his staff for their excellent work, in particular his talented Chief Counsel William Smith, Cindy Hayden, Amy Blankenship and Wendy Fleming.  I want to thank Chairman Specter for placing this bill at the top of the agenda in the Judiciary Committee, and for moving it so quickly and ably in this Congress. His staff, Harold Kim, Mike O'Neill, Ivy Johnson, Hannibal Kemmerer, Tim Strachan, Brendan Dunn and Ryan Triplette have been extremely helpful in getting the job done. I want to thank Majority Leader Frist and his staff, Allen Hicks, Eric Ueland, Sharon Soderstrom and Dave Schiappa, as well as Senator McConnell and his staff, John Abegg, Kyle Simmons, Malloy McDaniel and Brian Lewis.  I would be remiss if I didn't thank our friends on the House side, and in particular Chairman Sensenbrenner and his staff, Phil Kiko, Susan Jensen and Ray Smietanka. Chairman Sensenbrenner has really been a leader on bankruptcy reform, and a true driving force behind this legislation. I look forward to additional collaborations with him.  In addition, I want to thank Senator Carper, Senator Nelson, Senator Biden and Senator Johnson. This is truly a bipartisan bill, and it couldn't have gotten done without their help.  Finally, I thank my own staff, my Finance Committee Chief of Staff and Legislative Director Kolan Davis and my Judiciary Committee Chief Counsel Rita Lari Jochum, for their hard work on the bill. I also want to thank my former staffer John McMickle, for his expertise and advice on this important piece of legislation. Good staff is hard to find, and I am proud to say that my staff is probably the best in town.  