 We can see the orange line. That is the individual taxes based on historical average.  The AMT is part of the individual income tax. Historically, individual income taxes have been at about 8 or 9 percent. That is the red line. The AMT and the regular tax balloon proportionately, under current law, over the next 40 years is going to go up very dramatically. This balloon effect is due to the sunset of bipartisan tax relief and AMT.  Now let us focus a little bit closer. Let us look at the next chart. This chart shows that extension of the bipartisan tax relief still leaves individual taxes at record levels. The blue line shows individual taxes are going to be growing very dramatically. The chart also shows that fixing the AMT leaves individual income taxes at record levels, as we can see from the orange line. What we can see is we seriously do have an alternative minimum tax problem and fixing it will not gut the revenue base over the long term. It is common sense that an unfair tax such as the alternative minimum tax, that is out of control, should be fixed without regard to offsets.  Common sense plays out on the budget side as well. We have even heard incorrect assertions that this budget does not address the alternative minimum tax problem. Well, guess what. In this budget, there is room for extending the current patch or hold harmless for millions of families facing an alternative minimum tax.  We hear all about the fact that the budget does not have anything to do with the alternative minimum tax. Well, it does. I just said it does. It is part of it. But where is the Democratic plan for alternative minimum tax relief? Where is the response for even the current period we are talking about in this budget? I have been looking for a Democratic plan and I cannot find it.  This budget contains plans for tax relief. The reconciliation instructions give us the resources to maintain current law tax relief. Put another way, the reconciliation instruction is our best means to protect against the tax hike automatically foisted upon millions of American taxpayers.  Now I turn to the second aspect of the tax relief portion of the budget. We will hear a lot of criticism against the use of reconciliation for tax relief. It was not an easy choice. I prefer regular order in the Senate, but recent tax legislative history in the Senate suggests that the reconciliation option is an important tool to have at our disposal.  With partisan obstructionism on the part of Democratic leadership, many regular order tax relief packages over the last 2 years have been stalled in the Senate. Even tax relief packages that the Democrat leadership claims to support encounter that sort of partisan obstructionism.  Members will recall that several cloture votes were required to get the bipartisan FSC/ETI legislation through the Congress last October. Likewise, we were unable to go to conference with the House on the CARE Act and other popular tax relief packages because of Democratic leadership objections. The situation has only become worse this year. The climate may still be more difficult if the Democratic leadership acts on the threats they have talked about of shutting down the Senate if the controversy over judicial nominations is brought to the forefront. From a practical standpoint, there is a significant risk that reconciled tax relief may be the only tax relief vehicle that can pass the Senate in this environment. I hope that is not the case. It is prudent to consider a possibility. Because of this hostile partisan environment, a reconciliation bill may be the only known path to preserve the tax relief provided during the last 4 years. For this reason, our caucus viewed the reconciliation numbers as a comprehensive blueprint for preserving current law levels of tax relief.  There is $36 billion of tax relief for regular order tax relief we will have to offset. This amount is meant to cover packages such as a comprehensive energy bill.  What it comes down to is this: We need to take care of legislative business. We need to continue the tax relief promised to the American people, but we are better off with a plan that prevents tax hikes. I am pleased we have this plan.  Once again, I urge my colleagues to support the budget resolution.  