  Let me explain that the International Trade Commission is an agency of the Federal Government, but it is an agency that is very independent, with 9-year terms for members to serve. They do a great deal of research in international trade and are very well respected for the reports they put out.  This report that was referred to as evidence of this trade agreement not being helpful to the United States misrepresents the scope of the International Trade Commission estimates as well as the scale of the CAFTA agreement itself. Critics point to one part of the International Trade Commission report which estimates the tariff and quota liberalizations under the agreement will result in zero percent change in welfare for the United States.  Now, those critics ignore the Commission's conclusion that if CAFTA is fully implemented, overall U.S. welfare will increase in a range of $135 million to $248 million, with minimal impact on U.S. employment and output.  In fact, the Commission estimates that no sector of the U.S. economy is likely to experience a decline in output, revenue, or employment greater than 2.5 percent once CAFTA is fully implemented.  So critics fail to acknowledge that the Commission's estimates are based only on the tariff and quota liberalization provided under this agreement. The Commission's estimates do notquantify the other very important elements of this agreement--which the people using this report to justify a vote against CAFTA take into consideration--such as the benefits from an improved regulatory environment, improved protection of intellectual property rights, efforts at trade facilitation, and liberalization of regulations governing investment and the provision of services we will sell to those countries of CAFTA.  The Commission report does not attempt to quantify any broader geopolitical benefit to the United States of improved economic well-being and political stability in the CAFTA countries as a result of the agreement. But the fact remains that those benefits--not referred to by the opponents of this agreement, who find it convenient to quote one part of a trade commission study but not the whole study--the fact remains, then, that if you look at the whole report of the International Trade Commission, those benefits are a part of this agreement, as well, and will materialize and are obviously good reasons for voting for this bill.  After some critics are done arguing that CAFTA is meaningless to the United States, they do, however, point to another part of the Commission's report and offer another doom-and-gloom scenario. They point to the Trade Commission's estimates that suggest that once CAFTA is implemented we will increase our bilateral trade deficit with these countries by as much as $110 million. Those critics ignore the Commission's conclusion that if you take into account likely changes in our global pattern of trade, once CAFTA is fully implemented, then our overall trade deficit is likely to decline by $750 million.  Now, how does the figure of $750 million get ignored, but a $110-million figure gets taken into consideration? Well, it is quite obvious that the people who are quoting from this report quote what benefits their position for voting against CAFTA and do not look at the overall beneficial impact of CAFTA on the United States.  That $750 million is a very important number. Our bilateral trade balance with individual countries or regions may be interesting to consider, but the one number that is of significance to our economic health is our overall trade deficit. According to the ITC, the International Trade Commission, CAFTA will help reduce that trade deficit by $750 million.  Now, all the people crying about our trade deficit, are they going to take into consideration $750 million? Why on Earth would we walk away from that benefit, as the opponents of this agreement will have the United States do with their ``no'' vote?  I hope this dispels the critics' misinformation about CAFTA. The fact is, when you read the ITC report in its entirety, it becomes clear that implementing CAFTA offers meaningful benefits to the United States, both in terms of improving the economic welfare of the United States and in terms of reducing our overall trade deficit.  Again, CAFTA offers us those benefits with minimal impact on U.S. employment and output. That is not what Senator Grassley says, that is what the International Trade Commission says. And if you add all the other economic and geopolitical benefits that are not readily quantified, I believe the tremendous benefit of this agreement to the United States is then seen in its proper light.  So I urge my colleagues not to be misled by the critics. The ITC report corroborates that CAFTA will be beneficial to the United States.  Also, let me suggest that during this debate, I have heard much talk about the lack of Government policies concerning the trade deficit. I am not here to justify any trade deficit. I am not here to say those people who say it is too big are wrong. But I think I have heard left out of this entire debate a policy that we have had under Republican and Democrat administrations for a long period of time, and that is, the freedom of the American consumer to have access to any product made anywhere in the world that they want to buy. Because we believe in freedom, we believe in choice for our consumers. We believe the consumer ought to have the benefit of choice, of quality, and price. And we happen to have the consumers of America buying much and saving little.  Now, is that right? I do not know. But people who are concerned about our trade deficit, do they want to shut off the faucet that allows our consumers to have the choice of anything? I may be speaking too sweepingly when I say this next sentence but I believe we let anything into our country that consumers want to buy, except for pharmaceutical drugs. Senator Dorgan and I have been working together to make sure the consumer has that choice as well, to drive down prices, and give them the best product they can get.  Now, I do not think anybody wants to take freedom of choice away from American consumers. If we are spending too much on consumer products, importing too much, maybe we ought to have more incentives for savings, maybe we ought to be, without a doubt, enforcing our antitrust laws, antisurging laws, countervailing duties to be applied, and all those things that need to be done about the problem that exists. But our deficit is overwhelming because of consumer products coming into the United States.  Wal-Mart brings in $18 billion from China--$18 billion of our imports; just one company. Now, when you go to Wal-Mart--I don't care. I happen to go to a Wal-Mart some. I don't go there as much as I go to our small businesses in Iowa to buy things but occasionally go there. Are you going to take that choice away from the American consumer by not having Wal-Mart import? I don't know. I don't see anybody suggesting that.  Somehow we are led to believe that China is like a Japan with these big surpluses. China has a trade deficit as well. China has 3 percent of our national debt in bonds. Japan has 8 percent. Yet you would think that somehow that 3 percent is a major problem.  I would suggest that what we ought to be doing here is encouraging our consumers to buy American, buy American, or don't buy so much consumer goods yourself, and invest that money that we send to Japan through Wal-Mart directly in U.S. bonds. Buy American products. Do as we did in World War I and World War II, be patriotic and buy U.S. bonds to help our economy.  Consumers in America are king. And when consumers in America decide to cut down on our trade deficit, it will be cut down. I think consumers ought to continue to be king in America because that is economic freedom, that is individualism, that is America.  