 President, before the Senator from Arkansas goes, I do not have prepared remarks, but to try to put her a little bit at ease about these decisions that we have to make on the Supreme Court because they are very important decisions, I would reflect on some history.  For instance, I probably had the same concerns about President Clinton and Justice Breyer and Justice Ginsburg when I voted for them. Regarding the political positions that Justice Ginsburg stood for in her life before coming to be a judge, I wouldn't agree with many of them. But she was totally qualified to be on the Supreme Court, and I voted for her based upon the proposition that Alexander Hamilton said that the purpose of our activities here of confirming people for the courts is basically two. Maybe there is some historian around who will say Grassley has it all wrong, but I think it was, No. 1, to make sure that people who were not qualified did not get on the courts. In other words, only qualified people get appointed to the courts and that political hacks do not get appointed to the courts.  That is somebody who was around when the Constitution was written, and the Federalist Papers, stating those things about our role. So I have a fairly flexible point of view of how I ought to look at people, even those with whom I disagree.  In regard to what the Senator said about hoping what President Bush would do, or what he has done in the past in regard to these appointments, I would want you to look at that as I looked at President Clinton being elected in 1992. I don't know whether court appointments were an issue in that campaign as they were in 2000 or 2004, but I assume that he had a mandate to appoint whom he wanted appointed, as long as they were not political hacks and as long as they were qualified. So I gave President Clinton that leeway.  I am hoping that even more so with President Bush, since he made very clear to the people of this country that he was going to appoint strict constructionists and people who were not going to legislate from the bench. You may not like what he is doing, but heis doing exactly what he said he was going to do, and I hope that would enhance credibility to the American people of at least one more politician who keeps his word when he is in office. He appoints whom he said he was going to appoint, and that is what he is doing here. It should not be any surprise, and I hope he would be respected for doing that and have leeway in doing that, as long as they are not political hacks but they are qualified.  The other one is, over a long period of time, to maybe take away some worry about whether or not we have to be concerned about this specific person doing exactly what he said he was going to do. I would refer to Judge Souter. I was thinking Judge Souter was maybe not exactly whom I would want on the Court, but he would be pretty close to it. During that debate--I think it was in committee and not on the floor--there was one of the Senators on your side, who I have named but I will not name him this time, who made this point about Justice Souter--that he didn't have respect for the right to privacy and then was a threat to Roe v. Wade.  Here is one Republican who thought maybe Souter would work out OK, from my point of view. There was a Democrat over there who thought Souter would be a threat to Roe V. Wade. We were both wrong.  So it is difficult to predict what people are going to do down the road, so you have to look at are they qualified. I don't have any doubt but that Judge Souter is qualified to be on the Court. But I misjudged him and this Democratic Senator also misjudged him.  The other one is, if you worry about Republicans, to look at what they might appoint versus what Democrats might appoint, and you end up getting something from a Republican you don't like. I assume you are more to the liberal end than the conservative, and you have to stop to think that a Republican appointed John Paul Stevens and a Republican appointed Justice Souter, two of the four most liberal people on the Supreme Court.  To some extent, you get what you want from a Republican President as much as you do from a Democratic President because the other two were appointed by President Clinton.  Then, also, from a historical standpoint, time brings a great deal of balance to the Court. Justices change their views sometimes over a period of 25 or 30 years on the Court. Or Presidents that you might be thinking are appointing conservatives end up appointing liberals--they end up being liberals on the Supreme Court.  History is going to bring balance to the Court. Right now, if Justice Roberts is appointed, we will have four liberals. I don't need to name them. Everyone understands who they are. You are going to have three conservatives: Roberts, Scalia and Thomas. And then you are going to have two moderates, Kennedy and O'Connor--O'Connor for a little while now. So you have some balance, but it is tilted a little bit more toward the liberal side than it is to the conservative side.  Maybe, when President Bush gets done with this next nominee, there will be even more balance, four conservatives and four liberals and one moderate, Justice Kennedy left as a moderate.  Then I keep thinking about what we ought to do if we want to bring balance to the Court, and I hear more about that on your side than I do on this side: Let's just say that Justice Ginsburg, obviously a woman, and Justice O'Connor is obviously a woman; we have two women, so maybe we ought to have a woman appointed to the Supreme Court.  The liberal women of America have Justice Ginsburg as voting the way that they think Justices ought to vote. Maybe the conservative women of America are entitled to a seat on the Supreme Court. We might be fortunate enough to get appointed a very qualified woman who is also a strict constructionist. Then we would have one liberal woman and we would have one conservative woman on the Supreme Court, and we have even more balance brought to the Court.  So you see history kind of takes care of these things. I hope 25 years from now--and you are a lot younger than I am and you will be around here 25 years from now--that you are satisfied that history will take care of all these problems that are brought up about what the Supreme Court might do 10 or 15 years from now.  