  Mr. President, I have the utmost respect for the Senator from Oregon and the Senator from New Mexico. They are both members of the committee I chair. They are contributing members, very serious members of the Committee on Finance.  They are people who care deeply about providing health care coverage for our most vulnerable citizens.  I have listened with interest as my friend from Oregon talked with great passion about providing mental health services for these fragile individuals receiving public health services.  I share the commitment of the Senator from Oregon and the Senator from New Mexico to providing the necessary care to individuals with disabilities, our senior citizens, and mothers and their children.  And yet, knowing all this, I also have a concern that if their amendment passes, we will fail to enact meaningful improvements to the Medicaid system. If we fail to do that, we could ultimately end up hurting the very same individuals for whom we show so much concern.  I understand that the key feature of the Smith-Bingaman amendment would create a bipartisan Medicaid commission. I have said for a while there needs to be a common language associated with Medicaid reform. Republicans and Democrats alike do not agree even on what the word ``reform'' means when it is applied to Medicaid. Some believe it means curtailing costs. Others believe it means expanding coverage. A Medicaid commission could help bring us together in developing common themes and ideas of needed reforms.       However, the need to make some critical changes to Medicaid      that would capture savings over the next few years and the      creation of this commission are not mutually exclusive. We      could have both.  If we simply let the program function in the way that it has been over the next few years, States will continue to be squeezed and will have no choice but to begin curtailing services for the elderly and the disabled. To some extent that has been happening in some States.  Everyone needs to realize when a State makes a decision to not serve Medicaid people and to save State dollars, that saves money at the Federal level, but that is not the wisest way to do this. The Federal Government should not be saving money because the States cannot do the things they need to do. What we need to do is give the States more leeway on serving their people in that particular State without assuming that we here in Washington have all the answers.  Quite frankly, we would be better off working together to see what could be saved, and save State dollars in an intelligent, rational way, and, at the same time, save Federal dollars in an intelligent, rational way, rather than making States do it in a crisis environment, which ends up saving us money at the Federal level. That is why it is necessary that we work together with the States to save this money. But you can also set up a commission that would make long-term suggestions on the change.  Now, I know that curtailing services for this class of people helped by Medicaid is not a scenario that Senators Smith and Bingaman want to see unfold.  First, the Medicaid drug payment system is in significant need of reform. The average wholesale price system clearly overpays for drugs. Just as we took the average wholesale price out of Medicare in the Medicare bill 2 years ago, it seems to me we can and must change this payment system in Medicaid.  AWP, average wholesale price, is a flawed system, and we all know it. AWP is more known today as ``Ain't What's Paid,'' instead of what it really meant to say, ``Average Wholesale Price.''  Capturing savings by making this commonsense improvement is not inconsistent with a commission. While there is much that we can learn from a commission, we do not need a commission to tell us that the average wholesale price system of paying for drugs is flawed.  A recent General Accounting Office study showed that the best price system is also significantly flawed. If States are not getting the best price, it costs both the Federal Government and the State governments.  There is another Medicaid problem that we know about, and that is a proposal to crack down on the schemes that are currently legal whereby seniors divest themselves of their assets in order to qualify for Medicaid.  Mr. President, there is a virtual cottage industry that instructs seniors on how to give away their homes, properties, cars, and other assets in order for them to qualify for Medicaid. Surely, no one would agree this is in the best interest of the Medicaid Program, and surely you don't need a commission to tell us this.  The President has rightly put on the table new regulations that will govern asset transfers that allow a senior to go on Medicaid for long-term care. This commonsense proposal, as well, is not one that we need a commission to make and could ultimately save dollars so States can continue to spend the money on those who cannot afford care, as opposed to spending money onpeople who can afford care. This would be serving the elderly and the persons with disabilities who are very low income.  While the change the President is suggesting is simple, we must, in addition, continue to discuss the proper role of Medicaid and long-term care. The commission Senators Smith and Bingaman are proposing would be very useful in that context. However, we should not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. There are things we can do this year to make improvements in the Medicaid Program, and we should do that.  We should eliminate wasteful practices and we should help States get the flexibility they need to better manage their programs, saving both Federal and State dollars.  We know Medicaid's share of State budgets is growing at an unsustainable rate. Medicaid spending is growing so fast that it is beginning to rival education as a cost in some States.  If we take no action this year, we will continue to put States in the position of having to choose between supporting education and providing services to vulnerable populations.  I am going to continue to work with Secretary Leavitt. He has been working with a bipartisan group of Governors to identify areas of agreement for making changes in Medicaid.  I will commit the Finance Committee to a bipartisan process, where we keep in mind principles that guide us in producing better Medicaid. The Finance Committee will look at proposals that produce shared savings for the Federal Government and our State funding partners. The Finance Committee will look at proposals that emphasize State flexibility through voluntary options for States. The Finance Committee will do this while making a commitment not to eliminate coverage for Medicaid beneficiaries.  But I cannot be more adamant that doing nothing has negative consequences. If we don't eliminate wasteful practices, if we don't provide States the necessary flexibility--and that is something the Governors are asking for--and if we don't provide States relief, they are simply going to do what they have to do: cut people off the rolls in order to balance their budgets.  Doing nothing is far worse for Medicaid beneficiaries than a rational, reasoned approach to protecting and strengthening the program.  While I appreciate the intent of my colleagues, I must oppose the Smith-Bingaman amendment, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it as well.  