 President, I rise today for the purpose of honoring a fallen American. I learned this week that AW2 John N. Kaye III, from Traer, IA, died while in service to his country during counter narcotics operations off the coast of Colombia. I would like to take this opportunity to salute his patriotism and his sacrifice.  We can often tell a lot about the character of an individual by how they help the people around them. Petty Officer Kaye was a man who would willingly extend a helping hand to those around him and this week even extended his mission to help out a fellow sailor. Just before leaving the Navy, though, he extended his stay aboard the USS DeWert for one final mission so that another sailor could be with his family to mourn the loss of a brother. Sadly, Petty Officer Kaye gave his life in service to his country on Tuesday off the coast of Colombia.  John Kaye was looking forward the completion of his tour of duty in the Navy so that he could return to Iowa to be near family and friends and attend college. He was from a large family in central Iowa and attended North Tama High School where he played football. In his free time, he loved to hunt and fish or just spend time with his friends in the Traer area. In the Navy, he was one of the youngest people to ever graduate from the Search and Rescue Program where he received training as a rescue swimmer.  The primary mission for members of our military is to protect American citizens from outside threats. For John Kaye, the threat was drugs being grown and processed in South America, and he was actively involved in our effort to reduce the flow of illegal drugs into the United States. The Navy is an important partner in our efforts to track down and apprehend drug traffickers in the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, and John Kaye deserves the highest gratitude of this body and the entire Nation. His sacrifice reminds us that freedom is so precious because of its incredibly high cost. This is an example of the patriotic contribution made by thousands of American service members and their families. The love of country and dedication to service shared by so many of its citizens is the great strength of our Nation, and we can all be very proud of patriots like John Kaye.  