 President, I want to tell my fellow Senators why they should support this legislation, and most importantly thank Democrats for being so patient while Republicans were figuring out a compromise that we could get a majority of Republicans and all members of the committee behind. I thank Republicans for helping us work something out that we could get done. I have enjoyed the cooperation of Senator Baucus. Even though we haven't agreed on the details of this specific piece of legislation--I think you heard Senator Baucus speak about the bill that just passed the Senate, the pension bill--there was full cooperation not only between Republicans and Democrats but between two different committees that had jurisdiction over it. There will be differences between Republicans and Democrats on this bill.  I compliment my colleague, Senator Baucus, for helping us move things along and being so patient in the process.  This afternoon we begin consideration of an important tax relief measure. The bill before the committee today does three important things. First, it acts on our commitment to provide rebuilding assistance to areas of the country devastated by this year's relentless hurricane season. Second, it provides tax relief for American families by ensuring that there is no interruption in tax provisions that are expiring this year. And third, it provides incentives for increased charitable giving while prohibiting transactions that misuse or abuse charitable organizations and their assets.  An important part of this bill is delivery on a commitment we made to residents of the gulf region, as well as more recently impacted areas of Texas and Florida, to provide much-needed relief and resources for economic rebuilding to those areas.  I want to thank the members of the delegations from States that were devastated by Katrina, Rita, and Wilma during this hurricane season. Specifically, I would like to thank Senator Lott, a senior member of our Finance Committee. I would also like to thank Senators Cochran, Landrieu, Vitter, Shelby, Martinez, and Bill Nelson for their input.  I know some are disappointed we could not do more, especially with respect to Rita and Wilma. But, with the revenue available, we could not answer every need.  As promised, we have made our best effort to marry up our compassion for displaced persons and damaged communities with attention to fiscal discipline and the best use of taxpayer dollars. This hurricane relief package represents an effort to most efficiently and effectively use resources under the Finance Committee's jurisdiction to assist in the rebuilding and revitalization of those regions. I will reiterate the guiding principles of our hurricane relief legislation.  First, because market forces will be the driver in getting these regions back on their feet, our bill includes only provisions that encourage and incentivize redevelopment.  Second, our package provides resources only to those who incurred uninsured losses and does not provide for a bailout of those who assumed risk as an insurer in our capitalist, free-market system.  Third, we have focused our limited Federal resources on those most in need--like the many devastated small business employers who were the backbones of these economies and who will be the engines of their future growth and prosperity. And, finally, the bill provides front-loaded incentives on a timely basis to encourage people and businesses to return to the region as quickly as possible.  This bill also extends popular tax relief ranging from tax deductions for families sending kids to college to relief from the expanding reach of the alternative minimum tax. If we let these provisions lapse, we are raising taxes on a significant number of taxpayers.  I would like to talk briefly about some of the important initiatives in our bill. The largest provision in the bill--about $30 billion of tax relief--amounts to half of the net tax package and is designed to keep people out ofthe Alternative Minimum Tax. This piece of the package affects 14 million American families in every State in this Nation. The AMT is terrible and should be repealed. Until such time, we owe it to American taxpayers to ensure that they are not hit by this stealth tax.  I have a chart here dealing with the AMT. It shows, by magnitude, the number of taxpayers, mostly families with kids, who would benefit from the so-called AMT ``hold-harmless'' in this bill.  Now, everyone should know this information comes from the IRS Statistic of Income. This is the latest available government data on State-by-State effects from tax relief proposals in the 2001 and 2003 legislation. With respect to the AMT, the number for 2006 will roughly double what is shown on this chart. So, any Member who looks at his or her State, should understand the number of families affected will double next year.  There will be critics. You are familiar with them. We all know who they are. They will appear with their charts and their over-the-top rhetoric. They will appear here today and they will claim that our hold-harmless isn't good enough. These critics are very good at criticizing. Let me assure everyone that I don't just want the hold-harmless. I want to reform or eliminate the AMT. I challenge the critics in advance, just as I did in the Spring debates on the budget resolution, to propose an AMT reform plan. Don't just whine about it. Join me in fixing it. I look forward to the critics' plan to fix the AMT.  This bill also includes popular and broadly-applicable tax benefits. I will talk about them individually and use charts as I move along.  Let's take a look at the deductibility of college tuition. This is a benefit for families who send their kids to college. By definition, this benefit goes to middle-income families. A lot of these folks aren't low-income, so their kids don't qualify for Pell grants. But they are not high-income either. They get the full benefit of the deduction if they make up to $65,000 as a single person or $130,000 as a couple. Beyond those levels, the benefit phases out. A lot of these folks are paying significant Federal, State and local taxes and they get no help in defraying the high cost of their kids' college education.  This tax deduction provides help to these hard-pressed middle-income families with a benefit and furthers an important national goal of support for higher education. This deduction runs out at the end of this year. These families will face a tax increase if we don't act on this bill. This chart shows the number of families on a State-by-State basis that benefit from the deduction.  Another benefit addressed in this bill is the small savers' credit. Here, I am talking about a tax credit for low-income folks that save through an IRA or pension plan. We all think savings is important. We all want low-income folks to save for retirement. This chart shows the number of low-income savers who benefit in this bill on a State-by-State basis.  The bill also extends a tax deduction for teachers who buy their own supplies for their students. This provision, developed by Senators Warner and Collins, makes whole teachers who go the extra mile by paying out-of-pocket expenses. Who could argue with that? I'm going to point to a chart that shows on a State-by-State basis the number of teachers taking this deduction.  This bill also extends small business expensing. Many small businesses use this benefit to buy equipment on an efficient after-tax basis. It is good for small business. It is good for small business workers. It is good for economic growth.  My final chart deals with the State and local sales tax deduction.  For the States of Alaska, Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Washington, and Wyoming, this bill helps 12.3 million taxpayers in your States. Tennessee is the home of my friend, the majority leader. He has worked hard to get this bill to the floor. Nevada is the home of my friend, the Democratic leader. Unfortunately, the Democratic leader has fought this bill tooth and nail. Hopefully, he will see the light now that we are on the floor. I hope he will work with me to guarantee that folks in his State will be able to deduct their sales taxes next year.  These provisions are bipartisan and millions of American taxpayers rely on them. Every Senator ought to help us pass this bill for these provisions alone.  The bill addresses expiring business and individual provisions known as the ``extenders.'' These provisions include the research and development tax credit and the work opportunity tax credit.  This bill also includes many of the charitable incentives introduced in the CARE Act and which have previously passed the Finance Committee and the Senate. I appreciate the work of Senators Santorum and Baucus in working with me to balance these incentives with several of the much needed reforms that are supported by the charitable sector, the Treasury Department, I.R.S. and donors and taxpayers overall.  Last, but not least, this bill contains loophole closers and tax shelter fighting provisions that raise revenue.  This bill is bipartisan. I thank my friend and ranking member, Senator Baucus, for his cooperation. He and I were not partners on this bill at the beginning and through a large part of the process, but we teamed up yesterday in the Finance Committee. As always, his cooperation and good humor make a big difference.  I yield the floor.  