 President, I am pleased to join my colleague, Senator Baucus, ranking Democrat of the committee that has jurisdiction over this issue of Medicaid, to urge passage of the Emergency Health Care Relief Act of 2005. He explained very well how we have worked out in a bipartisan way the contents of this legislation, not only between Senator Baucus and me but by involving the staff of everybody on the committee, as well as consulting, particularly, the Senators from Arkansas, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.  We are all very deeply moved by the pictures and by the stories of those from the States who have been hurt by Katrina--and now, of course, Rita--their homes, their jobs and, worst of all, their loved ones who have given up everything. My heart, of course, goes out, as well, to the others who have suffered as much as a result of this terrible disaster.  I think the need to act is very obvious. About 250,000 people have been evacuated as a result of this disaster.  According to a survey by the Washington Post, fully half of the evacuees have no health insurance. Four in ten of the evacuees are physically disabled or have chronic illness. According to a survey done by the same paper, 6 in 10 evacuees have incomes of less than $20,000.  It is a function of our Government and our responsibility as legislators to provide assistance to these vulnerable families.  I would like to briefly outline this legislation. The Katrina health care relief package is very targeted and, most importantly, temporary. It is both a targeted and temporary benefit for the neediest individuals and families.  It provides assistance with private health insurance premiums for people in businesses affected by hurricanes so they won't lose their coverage; an uncompensated care funding pool to cover evacuation costs and emergency health care costs related to the hurricane; most importantly, temporary Medicaid coverage limited to 5 months, unless the President would extend it for another 5 months, limited to only those residents and evacuees from the hardest hit counties of the State; and 100 percent Federal funding for the disaster-related Medicaid costs until December 31, 2006.  The compromise package bill limits Medicaid to those most in need: To those below the poverty level; pregnant women and children below 200 percent of poverty, which is current law in Texas already, as one example; and those eligible under the host State's Medicaid coverage under existing law.  It is very limited. The bottom line is that this is a responsible compromise. It is time limited. It is targeted only to those who have the most need.  The legislation includes a simplified enrollment procedure. One important part of our bill that I want to highlight would help those with private insurance pay premiums on their policy. Many of the folks affected by Katrina have private health insurance which they would like to keep.  Many of the evacuees also have chronic conditions. For these folks, losing health insurance can mean the loss of important provider relationships. This legislation will help these folks avoid that situation.  The legislation also offers help to certain employers who, prior to Katrina, offered their employees health insurance.  We all know that many businesses face a difficult time in maintaining coverage. Now these businesses will be able to get back up and contribute to a revitalization of the economy in that area.  Our bill would also waive the Medicaid Part B late enrollment penalty for those who miss the initial enrollment period. We don't want people to have opportunities to get into Part B enrollment only to have to pay a penalty when they wouldn't otherwise do that if we had not had the hurricane.  I am pleased that Senator Baucus and I have been able to take action on behalf of those whose lives have been disrupted by the hurricane.  As Senator Baucus said, the bill is supported by the Governors Association, the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the Health Care Leadership Council, the American Red Cross, the March of Dimes, and many others.  I hope my colleagues will support this legislation, and I urge swift Senate consideration of S. 1716.  I would also like to point out some things more procedural than just the contents of the bill. As a reminder to all of my friends on this side of the aisle, the Wednesday after Labor Day we had a news conference assuring the people of this country--that news conference involved leadership, as well as those who are chairmen of the committee--promising appropriate as well as immediate relief for the States that are hurt. That hurting is extended beyond the States that were hit by the hurricane to States that have taken evacuees.  I also point out that it is quite obvious from television the hurt that people have. Also, we tried to pretty much do a total paralleling of what we did for New York City after 9/11. Along that line, I remind my colleagues of something that President Bush said as he was speaking in a news conference about the hurricane not discriminating. We were not going to discriminate.  It seems to me that doing for the people in this area hurt by this Katrina catastrophe ought to be done in the same way that we did to help people who were hurt by the New York City 9/11 catastrophe.  Then, as a practical matter--and I don't say this just because Senator Lincoln is in the Chamber--I use her as an example of a lot of people who are trying to accomplish the goals that Senator Baucus and I want to accomplish, as she did on an appropriations bill by offering an amendment.  That amendment went much further than what we do in this legislation. She withdrew that amendment. But I think there are people who are going to want to push those issues if we don't move in this comprehensive, bipartisan way that Senator Baucus and I have done. I remind colleagues that we might end up actually adopting a proposal much more expensive than S. 1716, if Senator Lincoln offers her amendment, than we do through this approach that we are taking here in the case of Senator Baucus and my working out this bipartisan agreement.  I urge that we move forward with this legislation for the reasons that I have given, as well as the substance being a responsible approach.  I would like to ask, if I could, unanimous consent that we move forward with this legislation. Then, if somebody wants to speak afterwards, speak afterwards on the subject.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that we move immediately to the consideration of S. 1716.  