 Faced with defeat after defeat on their plans to rip apart our healthcare system--``no'' on a bill that would spike families' premiums, gut Medicaid, and deny 22 million people healthcare; ``no'' on a bill that would cause chaos and healthcare costs to skyrocket and deny 32 million people healthcare--it appears the Republican leader has a last-ditch plan waiting in the wings.  As soon as they have an official score from the CBO--which could be hours from now--in the dead of night, Senator McConnell will bring forward legislation that Democrats, patients, families, and even many Senate Republicans have not seen, and try to pass it before anyone can so much as blink.  Now, we have heard rumors about what could be in this bill, and based on what we know, Democrats took it upon ourselves to do the best we could to figure out what its impact will be. The CBO scored our best guess at what Republicans are talking about doing, and here is what they found: Sixteen million people will lose their healthcare coverage in the next 10 years under this bill; premiums will increase by 20 percent every single year for the next 10 years; your premiums will increase 20 percent every single year in the next 10 years, all while special interests in the healthcare industry are going to get a massive tax break.  Republicans could still play games with the language as they negotiate in secret somewhere to try to get a bit ``better'' than this, but no matter what they do here, if they jam it through, they will be held accountable for the millions of people who lose care and the millions and millions more who will see their premiums go up.  I hope, when my Senate Republican colleagues began their process, they were not planning to pass a bill in the dark of night to deny millions of people healthcare and hand special interests billions in tax breaks, but, right now, that is the path they are careening down--even as more and more people are speaking up about what the impact of this legislation would have.  In fact, just yesterday, a bipartisan group of 10 Governors wrote a letter urging Senate Republicans to reject this secret bill, saying it would--I am quoting 10 bipartisan Governors--``accelerate health plans leaving the individual market, increase premiums, and result in fewer Americans having access to coverage.''  I hope every single Senate Republican read that letter.  I also hope they understand that if they pass this bill tonight, it will only get worse from here. If this secret bill--the lowest common denominator--goes through and a conference starts with the House, then every Senate Republican who voted for it has just bought TrumpCare a trip to the White House. The Senate Republicans who so loudly made clear they hated the TrumpCare bill when it passed the House could now very well find themselves being held responsible for sending that same bill straight to President Trump's desk because, let's be honest, extreme conservatives aren't going to rest until they have a bill on the way to the White House that would spike premiums and out-of-pocket costs, gut protections for preexisting conditions, end Medicaid as we know it, defund Planned Parenthood, and kick tens of millions of people off their coverage--a bill that would, in other words, shatter the promises of more responsible Republicans who I know are deeply concerned about ways these outcomes would impact the people they serve.  So, to put it simply, a bill in conference is no excuse to kick people off coverage, spike premiums by 20 percent for everyone, and give a massive tax break to the wealthy, especially because it will simply be an opportunity to hand the keys over to the House Freedom Caucus.  I want to remind any Senate Republican who doesn't want to have TrumpCare on their hands--who truly does want to make our healthcare system work better for patients and families--there is a better path. As Senator McCain said so powerfully earlier this week, we shouldn't let the ``bombastic loudmouths'' drive our work. We should get back to regular order, and we still can.  I am saying to every Senate Republican every chance I get: Drop this partisan, sham floor process. Drop it. Start over with an open, transparent process in which both sides, patients, and families across the country have a voice.  I hope that as big as our differences are, many of my Republican colleagues would prefer that bipartisan voice and route. They have said as much. Their votes to reject the partisan TrumpCare and full repeal bills this week made it even clearer.  So let's have hearings like Chairman Alexander has proposed to do in our HELP Committee. Let's have a publicdebate. Let's focus on policies that lower costs, that expand coverage, and improve quality.  Democrats are ready. We are at the table. I hope Senate Republicans who are ready to work on real solutions will join us, but, first, for that to happen, Senate Republicans need to step away from this sham process we are on today. Say no. Vote no. Return us to a process we are all involved in.  I yield the floor.  