 President, I want to thank my colleague Senator Brown for leading the effort on the floor to speak out against the latest attacks on union rights that are in front of the Supreme Court right now. I am very proud to join him to highlight the contributions unions have made to our middle class, to the economy, and to our country. I want to express my commitment to stand up against any attempts to undermine workers' rights to join a union and bargain collectively.  Since day one, President Trump has broken his campaign promise, which was to put our workers first, by rolling back worker protections and putting corporations and billionaires ahead of our working families, and now we are seeing corporate special interests doubling down on their attempts to undermine the rights of workers to band together. So it is critical now more than ever that we are committed to protecting our workers and their ability to advocate for safe working conditions, better wages, and a secure retirement.  Unions helped create the middle class in this country and helped a lot of our families in the last century become financially secure. But over the last few decades, as workers' bargaining power and union density have declined, we as a country have seen a decline in the middle class and a rise in income inequality in this country. As we all know, too many families today are struggling to make ends meet. Meanwhile, corporations' profits are at an alltime high.  I will continue to fight back against any attempts by this administration and by special interests to rig the rules against the people who go to work every day. I will keep fighting for policies that will help families save just a little more in their bank account, whether it includes raising the minimum wage or fighting for equal pay for equal work or strengthening our workers' rights to seek out and join a union and bargain collectively. I urge all of our colleagues who want to help working families to get ahead to join me in that effort.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  