 President, I appreciate all of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle who will be joining us here this afternoon and thank them for their leadership on our legislation and for taking the time to speak today.  We are now exactly 1 week into open enrollment, and it has been 3 weeks since Chairman Alexander and I put forward a bipartisan bill to stabilize our healthcare markets and lower patients' healthcare costs. So I wanted to come this afternoon to talk for a few minutes about what it means that so many people nationwide are signing up for coverage and why there is no good reason for Republican leadership to wait another minute before bringing up our bill for a vote.  It is still early, but what we are seeing so far is that millions of people across our country are going to healthcare.gov to shop for coverage. Some 200,000 signed up on the first day. That is more than double the amount from last year. The vast majority will get tax credits to help cover their costs. In fact, some who are struggling the most will find they can save even more this year because of how our current healthcare system absorbs cost increases.  But there is no question that premiums are going up in many places and that fewer coverage options are available and not every consumer is protected. One woman--Melissa--told the Washington Post this week that she is ``joining the ranks of the uninsured'' for the first time in her life as a 51-year-old. She said that she doesn't qualify for subsidies and that given how much her premiums would increase, her insurance costs would have been more than her mortgage payments each month. Melissa is one of the people paying the price for President Trump's healthcare sabotage and the Republican leadership's--so far--willingness to cheer him along.  It is unacceptable that patients and families are having to take on this burden. Let's remember that when someone goes to sign up for healthcare coverage, they are not doing it as a Republican or a Democrat, they are doing it as a parent or a caregiver or a business owner who wants to stay healthy and financially secure.  Here in Washington, DC, healthcare has become bogged down in politics, but in cities and towns across the country, it is about taking care of yourselves and your loved ones. That is why so many people are going online to shop for coverage despite the President's insistence that healthcare in the United States was going to ``implode,'' regardless of the fact that to make implosion a reality, President Trump--among his many other efforts at sabotage--shortened the enrollment period this year and gutted investments in outreach and advertising and caused premiums for those people to increase by double digits on the average. Patients and families deserve so much better.  I have said it before: The frustrating thing is that all this could have been avoided. Way back in September, Chairman Alexander and I were on the verge of an agreement to stabilize healthcare markets and lower premiums for the coming year and for 2019. Our agreement would have provided multiyear certainty on the out-of-pocket cost reduction subsidies that President Trump decided to stop paying even though the law says he is required to do so. Had we been able to move faster, our legislation would have resulted in lower premiums right away for 2018. But Republican leaders pressed the ``pause'' button on bipartisan negotiations so they could try one more time to jam partisan repeal through the Senate, and we lost a lot of precious time.  Our bill, the Lamar Alexander-Patty Murray Senate bill, would do a lot of good right now and over the next years. If Republican leadership takes up our legislation now and passes it, families would see rebates this year and lower healthcare costs next year because our bill is designed to ensure that the benefit of greater certainty is passed on to patients and taxpayers, not hoarded by insurance companies.  Our deal would also invest in open enrollment and outreach for 2019, so more people would be covered. It would allow States more flexibility to innovate as the Affordable Care Act always intended. It would mark a critical step away from this harmful partisanship on healthcare and toward working under regular order on solutions that make healthcare work better for the people we serve.  Finally, this legislation would send a critical message to patients and families that when Congress sets aside partisan difference and focuses on what is best for our country, we can deliver a result, as Chairman Alexander often says.  More than 200 groups representing doctors, hospitals, State officials, Governors, and patients have endorsed our bill. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says it would do exactly what it was intended to do--stabilize markets and bring down healthcare costs--while returning $3.8 billion to taxpayers.  Twelve Senate Democrats and 12 Senate Republicans cosponsored it. We are continuing to build support, and there is no question that it would pass here with a filibuster-proof majority if it were brought to the floor. And while the Senate shouldn't need President Trump's signoff to take a position on ways to fix the Nation's healthcare system, the President has supported this process moving forward.  So here we are, and right now it is up to Republican leaders. They can choose to stay in a partisan corner and reject an opportunity to lower patients' healthcare costs in a bipartisan way, or they can do what people across the country want them to do and put patients over politics.  I do want to note that if Republican leaders hadn't gotten the message, voters made it pretty clear last night that they reject the deeply harmful partisanship we have seen on healthcare.  It is well past time for Republican leaders to give up the ghost on TrumpCare, declare it dead, and work with Democrats to get real solutions. That starts with our bipartisan bill to lower healthcare costs and stabilize the markets, because if they don't, they can be sure they will be held accountable.  I yield the floor.  