 President.  I thank my colleague from Hawaii for her really important statement on this. I come to the floor today to express my serious concerns, along with other women from the Senate, about the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court, particularly about what it would mean for women across the country today and for generations to come.  Like the overwhelming majority of my Democratic colleagues, I have decided to vote against Judge Gorsuch's nomination, and I will be opposing a cloture motion ending debate. Now, I don't take this decision lightly, but with the future of women's health and rights and opportunity at risk, it is a decision I must make.  The Trump administration has broken nearly every one of its promises, but one it has certainly kept is its promise to turn back the clock on women's progress. It is clear that Republicans in Congress are committed to doing the same. Last week, just a few days ago, Senate Republicans, with the help of Vice President Pence, overturned a rule that prevents discrimination against family planning providers based on the kinds of services they provide to women. It was shameful and unprecedented.  Now, not missing a beat, Congressional Republicans are already gearing up to attach riders to our coming budget bills in order to cut off access to critical services at Planned Parenthood for millions of patients. There are similar attempts to undermine women's access to healthcare in cities and States nationwide, and more often than we would like, the Supreme Court is going to be the place of last resort for protecting women's hard-fought gains.  If the buck has to stop with the Supreme Court on women's health and rights, I do not want Judge Gorsuch anywhere near the bench. Time and again, Judge Gorsuch has sided with the extreme rightwing and against tens of millions of women and men who believe that in the 21st century, women should be able to make their own choices about their own bodies.  Let me just give you a few examples. When the Tenth Circuit ruled in the case of Burwell v. Hobby Lobby that a woman's boss could decide whether or not her insurance would include birth control, Judge Gorsuch did not just agree; he thought the ruling should have gone further. Judge Gorsuch has argued that birth control coverage included in the ACA as an essential part of women's healthcare--one that has, by the way, benefited 55 million women--is a ``clear burden'' on employers that would not long survive.  When it comes to Planned Parenthood, he has already weighed in on the side of defunding our Nation's largest provider of women's healthcare. What was his reasoning? Judge Gorsuch thought that in light of completely discredited sting videos taken by extreme conservatives, women in the State of Utah should have a harder time accessing the care they need. I should note that just last week, the makers of those false videos received 15 felony charges.  I also want to be clear, as well, about what Judge Gorsuch's nomination could mean for a woman's constitutionally protected right to safe, legalabortion services under the historic ruling in Rowe v. Wade, which was just reaffirmed last summer by this Court. In his nomination hearings, Judge Gorsuch would not give a clear answer on whether he would uphold that ruling, which has meant so much to so many women and families over the last four decades.  Judge Gorsuch has donated repeatedly to politicians who are dead set on interfering with women's constitutionally protected healthcare decisions. He has even made deeply inaccurate comparisons between abortion and assisted suicide.  I remember the days before Rowe v. Wade very clearly. I have heard the stories of women faced with truly impossible choices during that time. Women from all across the country have shared those deeply personal experiences because they know what it would mean to go backward.  Lastly, attempts to control women's bodies are not always about reproductive rights. Sure enough, Judge Gorsuch is on the wrong side here as well. He concurred in a ruling against a transgender woman who was denied regular access to hormone therapy while she was in prison. This ruling rejected the idea that under our Constitution, denying healthcare services is cruel and unusual punishment. That is not the kind of judgment I want to see on the bench, and I think most families would agree.  Families who have already done so much to lead the resistance against this administration and its damaging, divisive agenda are fighting this nomination as hard as they can. They know the Trump Presidency will be damaging enough for 4 years, but Judge Gorsuch's nomination will roll back progress for women over a lifetime.  I am proud to stand with them and do everything I can to make sure they are heard loud and clear here in the Senate. I oppose Judge Gorsuch's nomination in light of everything it would mean for women.  I yield the floor.  