 President, I come to the floor to do what the Trump administration has failed to do; that is, to stand up for working families and fight for an economy that actually works for all, not just for the richest among us.  On the campaign trail, President Trump made promise after promise to workers. He promised to put them first and bring back good-paying jobs to their communities. Yet, since day one of his Presidency, we have seen him do just the opposite. His administration has rolled back protections for workers and families and prioritized corporate profits over working families' financial security.  He has put forth nominee after nominee who puts industry interests above the needs of families, like William Wehrum, President Trump's nominee to lead the EPA's Office of Air and Radiation. Mr. Wehrum is someone whohas worked to undermine the core mission of the office he would oversee. He is a nominee who has demonstrated a willingness to side with protecting Big Business instead of protecting our Nation's most valuable resources and whose independence is truly in question.  Unfortunately, when looking at President Trump's record as a businessman, these decisions do not come as a surprise. President Trump spent decades as a real estate developer, cheating workers and contractors out of their hard-earned pay, and he refused to allow his own hotel workers to join together and advocate for safer working conditions and better wages.  President Trump's vision of our economy is one in which workers bear the burden, and the people who live in gilded towers get the benefit. The contrast with Democrats could not be clearer. Last week, Democrats rolled out an ambitious agenda to reform our labor laws to, once again, empower workers to join together, make their voices heard, and fight for better wages and benefits.  Currently, it is extremely difficult for workers to seek justice when corporations violate their rights, and if we want to rebuild the middle class, we have to change that because workers having the right to organize and join unions helped to build the middle class we have today. For many workers in the 20th century, good union jobs helped them to support their families and climb the economic ladder, but over the past few decades, our economy has worked in favor of corporations and those at the top. As corporate management and special interests have undermined workers in their right to collectively bargain, we have seen, of course, a decline in unions and union membership across the country. This has allowed President Trump and billionaires like him to take advantage of their workers, and it has given workers little recourse in standing up and fighting for better working conditions.  The preamble of the National Labor Relations Act clearly states that it is the policy of the United States to encourage collective bargaining to give workers a voice, allowing them to speak up for fair wages and safe working conditions, and it is the responsibility of the NLRB to ensure that workers' rights are protected so they are not taken advantage of. The NLRB gives workers the opportunity to file charges against corporations when they are illegally fired or retaliated against for exercising their rights, and because President Trump's own businesses have had complaints filed against them numerous times, it is so critical now that the Board is independent and committed to that core mission.  Unfortunately, I have serious concerns about Mr. Robb's commitment to that core mission and to supporting workers' rights so more families, not fewer, have financial security. Mr. Robb has spent most of his career as a corporate lawyer, representing Big Business and seeking to limit the rights that workers are guaranteed under the National Labor Relations Act--the very law he is now asking to be in charge of and enforce. He has defended companies against unfair labor allegations, age and discrimination charges, and unfair wage and hour claims. If he is confirmed, Mr. Robb will have the sole decision-making power as to which cases will be brought before the NLRB.  Given his long history of defending corporations, I don't believe workers can trust him to act with their best interests at heart or to stand up to President Trump and his vision of an economy that works for those at the top but that undercuts workers' wages, safety, and rights.  I will be voting no on Mr. Robb's nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I know every single one of my colleagues has spoken to working families in his State who feel left behind today--families who work full time and who are saving what they can. They are struggling to make ends meet. It is time that we stop prioritizing corporate profits and start focusing on those workers and our middle class. We can only strengthen our economy if we give workers a voice in it.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  