 President, I move to commit H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such committee.  Mr. President, after months of secret negotiations and backroom deals and shutting out patients and families and women and Democrats and even many Republicans from the process, Republican leaders continue to say they are planning to force a vote on this latest TrumpCare bill tonight--a bill even Republicans admit would throw our markets into turmoil. It is going to kick millions of people off of care, it is going to raise premiums for millions of families, it will eliminate healthcare for women across the country, and so much more--none of it good.  It does not have to be this way. In fact, Republicans can still reverse this course. They can drop this once and for all and join with Democrats to get to work to actually improve healthcare, to reduce costs, to increase access, and to improve quality. We can start over with an open, transparent process, in which both sides--Democrats and Republicans--have a voice and one in which patients and families can make sure their priorities are being addressed.  Now, I know many of our Republican colleagues prefer this bipartisan route. We have heard them say it. They have said it over and over in their votes to reject the partisan TrumpCare bill andfull repeal bills this week, in their discussions of hearings we should be holding, and in their comments even over the past few hours, laying out how devastating this bill would be for patients and healthcare markets and making it clear they do not trust the House to not simply pass whatever moves through the Senate.  So I call on Republicans now to join us. Let's do what my colleague, the senior Senator from Arizona, and so many others have bravely called for. With this motion, we will send it back to the committee, where we can debate it, where we can work together, where we can do what is right for the people we represent.  I urge my colleagues to support this motion to commit in the way that Republicans and Democrats have been talking about. I can personally assure every one of you that I will work with you--and I know other Democrats will as well--if we reject this process and send it back with this motion to commit to do it the right way, the respectful way.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  