Speaker, I thank Mr. Barton.  I was one that several years ago helped write this legislation that we're amending today, and the reason that we did it was because we listened to the 9/11 Commission, and their number one recommendation was our first responders need the analog spectrum. They have got to have that so that they can communicate with each other. The fire fighters have got to get the same message that the police folks got on that fateful day back in September.  In Katrina, the Coast Guard folks couldn't talk to the sheriffs as they tried to rescue people off the roofs, and we knew that it was because of the spectrum. They did not have the slice of the analog spectrum necessary so they could communicate.  So the 9/11 Commission made their report, and then they did a follow-up report a couple of years later, and they said Congress still hasn't acted, and they took all of us on. They gave us a flunking grade, E, and we came back and said, well, there was a number of things that had to happen.  We had to convert the television stations from analog to digital. We had to make sure that we stop selling analog TV sets. We had to be able to develop the technology and be able to get it out to these converter boxes, and we actually came up with a way that could help fund the consumer to pay for that box so that they could get the picture over the air.  Our broadcasters have done a marvelous job. They have spent more than $1 billion across the country informing the Nation about the February 17 date, a date that we set, Chairman Barton and myself, more than 3 years ago.  And our broadcasters, like my Channel 22 in South Bend, Indiana, which broadcasts in Indiana and Michigan wrote me almost a month ago and it says, ``Anticipating the February 17 analog shutoff, WSBT is in the process of converting our backup analog transmitter to digital. This means there is currently no backup for our analog signal in the event of any technical failure to the primary transmitter. We do not stock any backup analog transmitter parts. We have been told that the age of the parts means they are likely to fail soon and replacements are either not in stock or exceptionally difficult and expensive to find.''  The Fraternal Order of Police, understanding probably better than just about anyone else is relating to the need for access to analog spectrum,says this particularly with the arguments that were made by some previous speakers in support of this bill. ``While S. 328 would still allow broadcasters to voluntarily transition by 17 February, subject to current FCC regulations, and allow public safety to occupy this vacated spectrum, unless all the surrounding broadcast stations also voluntarily transition, it is unlikely anyone can move.''  That's the point. They're ready. So are our consumers. The NTIA told this body in November that they were going to have trouble with the coupons, and we should have acted then to do a number of different things in terms of figuring out how to appropriate the money.  