This bill will turn out the lights on America.  You know, there was a chance that we were going to have a bipartisan bill. But that chance melted away when the subcommittee failed to mark up a bill and we went right to full committee. We thought we might have a chance on the House floor. And I can remember when Speaker Hastert was in your chair, Madam Speaker, because 4 years ago we had an energy bill on the floor and there were more than 50 amendments that were offered under Chairman Dreier and the Rules Committee, many of them Democratic amendments. We spent a number of days on this. And at the end of the day, both Mr. Dingell, the former chairman, and Joe Barton, the then-chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, were able to vote for a bill because, in fact, it was bipartisan.  Yesterday more than 200 amendments were filed up at the Rules Committee, many of them Republican, many of them bipartisan. Mr. Hill, Democrat from Indiana, and I offered a bipartisan amendment on nuclear. Nuclear is one issue that is absent from this bill. Don't ask me why. There are no greenhouse gas emissions from nuclear. It really is a jobs bill. I've got two nuclear plants in my congressional district. When they were both brought online, 85 percent of the components were made in America. Today for a new nuclear plant, 85 percent is going to come from someplace else because we turned the light from green to red on nuclear the last 20, 25 years. Yet no amendment on nuclear in this bill and in this rule.  I woke up this morning and saw my friend and colleague Mr. Inslee speaking on C-SPAN. He said this bill was going to cost only a postage stamp. I looked at the paper this morning and saw a full-page ad: gasoline costs will only go up 2 cents a gallon.  You know, I hope they're true. But I don't think that those statements are going to be true. We had amendments as a safety valve in case it does go up. The CBO and American Petroleum Institute say that gas prices are going to go up 77 cents a gallon, diesel prices 88 cents a gallon. Some energy costs could go up by 40 to 50 percent. We had amendments that said, hey, if gasoline goes up to 5 bucks a gallon, we're going to take off this cap-and-trade. If electricity prices go up more than 10 percent, we'll take off cap-and-trade. If unemployment reaches 15 percent, and it's almost there already in Michigan, we'll take off those job-killing provisions. Were those amendments allowed? No.  Then we've got the whole issue of India and China, jobs going someplace else. That consumed a couple of hours of debate, I think, in full committee. Yet no amendment at all allowed on the House floor.  Madam Speaker, my folks want to work and pay taxes. Yet they're going to find themselves laid off, and in Michigan a hundred thousand folks this year will run out of benefits. No amendments are allowed to help those folks. Not even a Republican substitute is allowed as part of this rule.  Madam Speaker, your side has an 80-vote margin. I would like to think that at least we could have the same cards to offer positive constructive amendments and debate it on the merits, not on the politics.  