Speaker.  Mr. Speaker, today is Dingell Day. John Dingell has served more than 53 years in this body. And at a wonderful reception last night in Statuary Hall it was commented over and over, it is not length of his service, but it in fact is the quality of that service.  As chairman of the powerful Energy and Commerce Committee, he has been certainly one of the most influential legislators in the history of the United States, as he'd like to say, with jurisdiction over almost everything. In fact, I think he coined this term many years ago when he said, ``If it moves it's energy, and if it doesn't, it's commerce. With that, our committee has that jurisdiction.'' And this resolution honors that service.  Mr. Speaker, time will judge all of our actions, and serves as the legacy that each of us will carry as it relates to the difference that we made on behalf of the districts that we represented, but also the Nation that we serve. And history will certainly look favorably on the wonderful service of John Dingell in this body. He has been on the right side almost all the time, but not always, but certainly he's been an architect of the great debates that we have had in this Chamber.  John Dingell is a governing type of legislator, and he knows that good ideas are not just Democratic ideas, and that awful ideas are not just Republican ideas. He demands the best from all of us. And, as a consequence, he has had tremendous relationships with the ranking member or the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, certainly, for all the years that I've served, whether it be with Norman Lent, Tom Bliley, Billy Tauzin, and certainly Joe Barton, one of his best friends.  John Dingell doesn't care about the pride of authorship. He wants the job done. We've sat and had many conversations about issues that he's asked me to carry, and it has strengthened those bills as we moved those pieces of legislation to the floor.  We teamed most recently on the auto legislation. Dale Kildee, the sponsor of this resolution, and myself are co-chairs of the Auto Caucus. But together, we teamed together with all of our Michigan colleagues, regardless of party, and we were able to shepherd that legislation through to really help try and save the manufacturing base of this country over these last few months.  For me, I've always enjoyed the relationship that I've had with my good friend, John Dingell. Obviously, there are times when we've been on the opposing side of an issue, but plenty of times when we've been in the same foxhole, on the same side. And I'll confess, it's the latter that I enjoy the most. It's a lot easier for, I would like to think, the both of us when we're on the same side.  But John Dingell plays by the rules. I think maybe in another life he would have been an umpire or a referee. Ken Duberstein, Ronald Reagan's former Chief of Staff, said this most recently: ``He followed wherever the facts dictated. Sometimes you don't like what he finds, but you know that he did it honestly. He is a straight shooter.'' Indeed, he is.  We are a wonderful and diverse country, and we know that sometimes this is a very tough place to govern. And it comes with the territory that to be a good legislator, you need to be blessed with a lot of things. Luck is one. You need a great staff. You need a district back home that respects your decision-making, you need colleagues that know that you're somewhat of an expert and they will listen. But you also need a great spouse. All of those elements make a necessary and personal sacrifice to the success of your career.  Well, John Dingell has been one that has hit a home run with all of those qualities. He has been a man for all seasons. He is a true giant in the history of this institution. We wish him well in the many years that he has left.  I reserve the balance of my time.  