Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, let me just start off by congratulating the gentleman from New York. I feel we will have a resolution honoring the Yankees. I would just note as a Tigers, Cubs and White Sox fan and coming from Michigan, Derek Jeter does hail from Kalamazoo, Michigan. And to his credit, he has not forgotten his roots. He is a great individual, and we appreciate his prowess on the field. I congratulate him and the Yankees as well.  Mr. Speaker, I too want to commend my colleague, Ed Markey, and the Democratic and Republican Members on this committee for moving swiftly on an issue that is of critical importance. Problems abroad have exposed troublesome flaws here at home in nuclear medicine. Every year, 16 million medical procedures in the United States rely on the import of nuclear isotope molybdenum-99. That is 50,000 procedures every single day, and yet we import 100 percent of our supply of this isotope.  The Canadian reactor that has for decades supplied over 60 percent of molybdenum-99 is now off-line, and the nuclear reactor may never ever return to operation. Among their many medical uses, these isotopes are critical in the procedures for the detection and staging of cancer as well as heart disease. Without a proper supply of this critical isotope, tens of thousands of patients seeking diagnosis or treatment will be in jeopardy literally every single day.  So what this bill does, it will help insure a reliable supply of the most critical isotopes that are produced here in the U.S. Today, with the passage of this bill, we are a step closer to ensuring the tens of thousands of Americans who seek diagnosis and treatment every day promptly receive the care that they need. Literally, the clock is ticking, and the well-being of countless folks continues to hang in the balance.  I would note that there is a good laundry list of organizations that support this legislation, among them: American Association of Physicists in Medicine; American College of Radiology; American College of Cardiology; as well as the American Society of Nuclear Cardiology.  We don't want to deny Americans this long-practiced medical procedure which we know produces early diagnosis of a good number of diseases, and we can save countless American lives.  I would urge my colleagues on both sides to support this. Again, I congratulate the speed with which our committee held hearings, moved this through both the subcommittee and full committee. Both Mr. Waxman and Barton are to be complimented, and particularly my friend, Ed Markey, who recognized this very early, and we worked together to get it to the House floor.  I reserve the balance of my time.  