Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, I just want to say that my good friend Ed Markey's statement that, ``I'm just a poor Polish lawyer,'' that reminds me of a story. I wasn't going to tell this until then, but those of us on the committee certainly know the story because our good friend Mr. Tauzin has told this story many, many times. And that was when Mr. Dingell, I think then the chairman, used that line, ``I'm just a poor Polish lawyer.'' And Mr. Tauzin, who is always known to have one of the best wits ever not only in this body but across the country, was about to relate to him a ``Polish joke,'' Mr. Dingell reminded him that he was just a poor Polish lawyer. And Mr. Tauzin then said, ``Well, I will then tell the joke very slowly.''  Mr. Speaker, in the short time that I have served in this body, John Dingell and I have had really countless conversations and stories. Our offices were across the hall for a number of years, so we would walk to the floor for votes. We would do joint press conferences. We often sat together on the Northwest flight to Detroit, where I then would fly on to Kalamazoo or South Bend and he would stay with his constituents on that side of the State. We obviously worked very closely and in my work on the committee and subcommittees in so many different ways, as not only the dean of the House for Mr. Dingell, he was also the dean of our delegation and I have been dean of the Republican side of that delegation as well. So our delegations work very closely on many fronts. And in all of those conversations, I want to say I think they have all ended with his closing, ``God bless you, my friend.''  We are fortunate that God has blessed the Dingell family, certainly this House in all the great work that he has done as a real legislator, a good friend of all the people regardless of party or affiliation, or staying on the issue. He has been there for the country.  So we say, God bless you, our friend, Mr. Dingell. We salute you for your service. And we look forward to our continuing strong relationship in so many ways.  I yield back the balance of my time.  