' Well, this bill turns out the lights for many Americans. And no matter what you say, this bill does not have the job protections that will prevent jobs from leaving our country and going to India or China. What do you tell that small refinery that came to our committee a couple of weeks ago, a small refinery that's got 1,200 jobs--that it's going to cost $150 million to ramp up the changes that they're going to have to do, and they're going to end up going out of business? That asphalt and that petroleum is going to be made someplace else--India.  What do you tell that small company that I visited last month in Niles, Michigan, a company that figures out that their energy costs are going to increase by perhaps as much as $20,000 dollars a month? Well, they're thinking about it. They want to stay in business. They're thinking about telling the folks not to come to work anymore during the day so they can do the night shift, and they can maybe pay lower utility rates. There are more coal-fired plants in China than there are in the United States, India and Britain combined; and it's going to double by the year 2030. Emissions in China are going to grow by 86 percent.  What does this bill do about emissions in China or India? It does nothing. Environmental restrictions in this country, protections, are the reason why steel, per ton, has one-third the emissions in this country than in China. We want those jobs to stay in this country and not go to China. Michigan, my State, we're already at 15 percent unemployment and headed maybe towards 20. We were told earlier this week that we're going to have as many as 100,000 people, unemployed folks, lose their benefits that they're receiving today because those benefits are going to be exhausted. I didn't come up with the figure that gasoline costs were going to increase by 77 cents a gallon because of this legislation or that diesel prices were going up 88 cents a gallon. It wasn't me. It was the CBO who said that. I hope and pray that they're wrong because I want to protect our workers here to make sure that we can grow jobs, not lose them.  Consumers Energy came up with a study, a major utility in my part of the State, that shows that the estimate of the impact, including certain requirements in this bill, are going to grow as much as 38 percent by the year 2024. Some folks say that it's only going to cost a postage stamp. Well, I'm glad I bought a lot of promise stamps because these stamps are good for life. If they're not worth 44 cents, these may be worth thousands of dollars apiece based on what these costs are going to do to the average consumer.  