Speaker, I too rise in strong support of this legislation, the Dextromethorphan Distribution Act of 2009, which I introduced to restrict the distribution of this product to entities registered with the Food and Drug Administration.  I want to thank the House leadership for scheduling this bill. I particularly want to thank Mr. Pallone, who has helped shepherd this legislation a couple of times as we have passed it in the House, and yet the other body, the Senate, has not taken it up in the same form. We hope that the third time is the charm. I also want to thank the chairman of the full committee and my good friend and colleague from Washington (Mr. Larsen) for cosponsoring this again with me.  We know that DXM can be and is a safe and effective non-narcotic cough suppressant used in many over-the-counter cough and cold medicines. However safely and effectively that these might be used by literally millions of Americans every year, taken in extremely large quantities it does produce a hallucinogenic high and it can cause brain damage, seizures, and even death.  Currently, there are no restrictions on the distribution of this raw bulk DXM. This bill ensures that DXM is used only for legitimate purposes and stays out of the hands of drug dealers and adolescents. The FDA would have the authority to seize bulk DXM if found in the possession of anyone not authorized to have it. This measures would cut off the supply chain of unfinished DXM to those purchasing it on the Internet to get high or sell it as a street drug.  I would note that this act is endorsed by the American Pharmacists Association, the Consumers Healthcare Products Association, and the Partnership for a Drug-Free America. And, I would note that it is my understanding that the Partnership for a Drug-Free America believes that perhaps there are hundreds of thousands of young Americans misusing this DXM. So it is important that we pass this legislation.  I am the father of two. I am alarmed at the growing trend of teens abusing cough syrup, particularly this one, to get high. Our kids are engaging in a game of Russian roulette each time they get high off DXM, and sooner or later someone will die. That is why this is bipartisanship legislation to try to get it enacted, and I would urge a ``yes'' vote.  