Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1654, the NASA Authorization Bill. Although the bill authorizes funding for NASA's priorities including the International Space Station, the Space Shuttle Program and the Hubble Space Telescope, I am concerned with the bill's provision barring funding for the Triana Satellite, a project directed by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla, California in conjunction with the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.  The Triana Mission, named for the sailor on Columbus' voyage who first spotted the New World, will provide not only a real-time view of the Earth for distribution on the internet, but will also include instruments to study solar influences on climate, ultraviolet radiation, space weather, the microphysical properties of clouds, and the measurement of vegetation canopies. $35 million is already being spent on this project in FY'99 and researchers and scientists at Goddard Space Flight Center are working hard on the design of the spacecraft and the ground system for the satellite as well as providing program integration and support.  I am disappointed that this important project has become mired in a partisan debate over the Vice President's involvement.  Despite the absence of the Triana program, the bill does support many worthwhile programs important to NASA and to the Goddard Space Flight Center. With continued funding of projects in the fields of earth and space science like funding for the Earth Orbiting System (EOS) and an additional $30 million in FY'00 for the Hubble Space Telescope servicing mission, the bill authorizes funding crucial to these programs' continued success.  The bill also authorizes funding to repair an aging infrastructure at Goddard. The $2.9 million for repair of the steam distribution network and $3.9 million for chilled water distribution are key construction projects for maintaining the Space Flight Center's status as one of NASA's premier facilities.  Despite the many beneficial projects in this authorization bill, I cannot support a bill that puts politics before programs intended to provide a better understanding of our last true frontier.  