Chairman, the critics were wrong. The headline in today's paper says, ``Kosovo Pullout to Start Today.'' NATO's 11-week, 78-day campaign to stop the genocidal policies of Slobodan Milosevic in Kosovo is producing the results we sought. Today's pullout is the first step towards a complete victory.  As William Kristol and Robert Kagan wrote this week in the Weekly Standard, the victory in Kosovo should send a message to would-be aggressors that the United States and its allies can summon the will and force to do them harm.  Syndicated columnist William Safire hit the nail on the head when he wrote recently, ``International moral standards of conduct, long derided by geopoliticians, now have muscle,'' said Bill Safire. Why? Because of NATO's unified, unwavering action in Kosovo.  The threat of a NATO ground invasion had a decisive impact on the butcher of Belgrade. Not surprisingly, Milosevic capitulated as President Clinton consulted his military advisers on options for ground troops.  Like the cowardly bully who picks on the weak and defenseless, Milosevic caved when he knew there would be no escape. President Clinton's resolve on the Kosovo crisis has enhanced the credibility of the United States and the Atlantic Alliance throughout the world.  Finally, let me state, our efforts to secure a peace in the Balkans are not over. Milosevic has properly been branded as a war criminal by the International War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague, and he must be held accountable. Our credibility has been enhanced, NATO has been strengthened, a brutal dictator has been repulsed, and the cause for human rights has been advanced. If those are not good causes, I do not know what are.  In that context, Mr. Chairman, I urge that we adopt the Taylor amendment, I urge that we adopt the Skelton amendment, and I urge that we reject the Souder and Fowler amendments, which will declare defeat, not victory, which is appropriately our task today.  Mr. Chairman, the doomsayers and the critics were wrong. The banner headline on today's Washington Post says it all: ``Kosovo Pullout Set To Start Today.''  NATO's 11-week, 78-day air campaign to stop the genocidal policies of Slobodan Milosevic in Kosovo is producing the results we sought.  Today's pullout is the first step toward complete victory.  Soon we will be able to count these as our accomplishments:  Success in providing the 1.3 million Kosovars who have been forced to flee their own country or displaced within the province with a safe re-entry to their homeland.  Success in stabilizing this most unstable region of Europe.  And, of utmost importance, success in vindicating the credibility of NATO--and the United States--in rejecting and punishing Milosevic's unbridled barbarism.  As William Kristol and Robert Kagan wrote this week in the Weekly Standard: the victory in Kosovo should ``send a message to would-be aggressors that . . . the United States and its allies can summon the will and the force to do them harm.''  With the Serb invaders retreating and the NATO peacekeepers ready to restore order, it's not too soon to consider the lessons in this campaign and what still must be done.  First, NATO's air campaign in Kosovo decisively demonstrates that the alliance can engage in military action to protect basic human rights and to deter aggression on the European continent.  This policy is not just the right thing to do--it's a strategic imperative.  Syndicated columnist William Safire hit the nail on the head when he wrote recently: ``International moral standards of conduct, longderided by geopoliticians, now have muscle.'' Why? Because of NATO's unified, unwavering action in Kosovo.  Would-be aggressors everywhere have this message ringing in their ears--don't do it.  If you take aggressive, hostile action against others, you may pay a very steep price indeed.  Further, we have learned that our awesome military might--coupled with the will to use it--provides a very real strategic advantage.  Clearly, the threat of a NATO ground invasion had a decisive impact on the butcher of Belgrade--Slobodan Milosevic.  Not surprisingly, Milosevic capitulated as President Clinton consulted his military advisers on options for ground troops.  Like the cowardly bully who picks on the weak and defenseless, Milosevic caved in when he knew there would be no escape.  President Clinton's resolve on the Kosovo crisis has enhanced the credibility of the United States and the Atlantic Alliance throughout the world.  We make good on our word.  American credibility is a strategic asset of the highest order and well worth fighting for.  Finally, let me state our efforts to secure peace in the Balkans are not over.  Milosevic has properly been branded as a war criminal by the International War Crimes Tribunal at The Hague.  And he must be held accountable.  Our policy goal now should be his removal from office.  But we should encourage the Serbs to remove Milosevic and the brutal leaders who have caused this unnecessary suffering and misery.  Serbia also must be clear about this: so long as Milosevic remains in power, it will not receive financial assistance for its reconstruction.  Mr. Speaker, like some of my colleagues who have traveled to Macedonia and Albania, I have seen the devastating consequences of genocide.  These images have been seared into my memory forever.  We will not always be able to intervene to stop injustice wherever it occurs.  But we have laid down a powerful precedent in Kosovo.  Our credibility has been enhanced, NATO has been strengthened, a brutal dictator has been repulsed, and the cause for human rights has been advanced.  If those are not good causes, I frankly don't know what are.  I urge my colleagues to adopt the Taylor and Skelton amendments and reject the Souder and Fowler amendments.  