Speaker I rise today in support of the District of Columbia College Access Act.  This legislation would allow high school graduates from the District of Columbia to pay in-State tuition rates at public colleges and universities in Maryland and Virginia. Specifically, the bill would allow District students to apply for up to $10,000 a year, subject to a $50,000 cap, to offset the difference between in-State and out-of-State tuition rates. Furthermore, students who choose to attend private schools in the District and the adjacent Maryland and Virginia counties may also apply for up to $2,500 to offset the cost of their private tuition.  Although the District of Columbia Appropriations Act has not been signed into law, I am pleased the latest version contains $17 million for this important initiative.  As many of you know, I graduated high school just across the border in Prince Georges County in 1957. My parents were from very modest means and quite frankly were not in the financial position to help me pay for college. I consider myself lucky though. Lucky because when my stepfather, who was in the Air Force, was transferred up to Andrews Air Force Base our family settled in Maryland.  Going part time I was able to go to the University of Maryland. I used to go to school during the day and at night I worked first as a file clerk at the Central Intelligence Agency and then on Capitol Hill. It was not always easy balancing school and work and it took me 6 years to earn my undergraduate degree. However, I was able to do it because I had in-state tuition and I consider my decision to attend the University of Maryland as one of the best decisions I have made in my life.  The legislation that we have before us affords high school graduates in the District of Columbia the same opportunity that I had. The opportunity to attend an excellent university at a reasonable cost.  I would like to thank Congressman Davis and Congresswoman Norton for all their work on this legislation which I am pleased to cosponsor. Additionally, I would like to thank D.C. Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman Istook and Ranking Member Moran for including funding for this legislation in their bill.  