Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Moakley), ranking member, soon to be chairman of the Committee on Rules, for yielding me this time.  I also want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions) for noting my comments with respect to the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe). In the first instance, Mr. Speaker, I want to rise and again repeat, as I will when we get to the debate on the bill, my appreciation of the handling of this bill by the gentleman from Arizona. He has been extremely cooperative and bipartisan and open in his handling of this bill. And, as I said earlier, I appreciate the gentleman from Texas bringing those remarks of mine to the Committee on Rules to the attention of the body, because I believe them very sincerely. The gentleman from Arizona is not only chairman of the subcommittee on which I serve, but also my good friend and an outstanding representative.  Mr. Speaker, I also want to speak on this rule. There are times, of course,when we rise and oppose rules because we do not believe they are fair. In this instance, however, I rise in strong support of the rule. I think the Committee on Rules has issued a rule which is fair to both sides. I am sure in its protection of certain provisions of the bill and items within the bill that have not been technically authorized, that is appropriation accounts that have not had authorizing bills passed, that there would obviously be individuals who might want to object and they might object to the rule for that reason. But the Committee on Rules has been fair in treating both sides equally.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California (Chairman Dreier) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions) and the other members of the Committee on Rules for passing a rule that I think provides for a fair and free and open debate on this bill. Therefore, I am going to urge my colleagues on this side of the aisle to strongly support the rule.  Mr. Speaker, I would observe that when we come to debate on the bill itself, as I did in the Committee on Rules, I will express reservation about the cuts that have been recommended by the committee. I think those cuts are unfortunate, and I think they will have an adverse impact. But as we know, this is not the final step on the process of passing and adopting this bill. Therefore, we will have other opportunities.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Lucas), my colleague who is coming into the Chamber.  