Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I rise in support of this resolution; in support of basic human rights, in support of doing the right thing for our country and for the people of Kosovo.  I welcome this debate, Mr. Chairman, yet I fear that in undertaking it, what we have done today could have a very serious negative impact on the current sensitive negotiations on a peace plan. That is why I voted against the rule. The resolution, however, I pray, will be passed; that America, at our shores, will stand united; that the message we send this day will be that America is united in its conviction and in its commitment to face tyranny where it finds it.  In addition, Mr. Chairman, I am hopeful that we will ratify and support the representations of two American Presidents, President Bush and President Clinton.  President Bush said, in his Christmas warning to Milosevic, and I quote, ``In the event of a conflict in Kosovo, caused by Serbian action, the U.S. will be prepared to employ military force against the Serbians in Kosovo and in Serbia proper.'' That was George Bush, then President of the United States, Christmas 1992.  Mr. Chairman, shortly thereafter, the President of the United States, William Jefferson Clinton, recommitted to that proposition set forth by George Bush; that Milosevic, perceived by this Nation as a war criminal, perceived as savaging the people of Bosnia, if he tried to do the same in Kosovo, would be confronted by America and, yes, by its troops.  Mr. Chairman, today we hear that Robert Dole, the candidate for President of the United States in 1996, testified before the Committee on International Relations that we should not have this resolution on the floor. But if we did have it on the floor, as we do, that it ought to be passed.  That sentiment was shared by Jeane Kirkpatrick under President Reagan, our representative to the United Nations, by Richard Perle, an assistant in the Department of Defense, known as a hard-liner, I might say. A conservative. Vin Weber, a member of this Congress, a close friend of the former Speaker, signed a letter saying that this action that the President proposes should be supported. And, lastly, I cite Caspar Weinberger, Secretary of Defense under Ronald Reagan.  Mr. Chairman, America's strength has, in instances overseas, been our unit, our unity of purpose, our unity of conviction. It is clear that the Europeans alone will not be able to summon up the political will and, indeed, the military strength to confront this Bully of Belgrade, as referred to by Senator Dole.  I would hope, my colleagues, that we come together today, as has Bob Dole and Bill Clinton, Jeane Kirkpatrick and others, and Richard Holbrooke, our perhaps next secretary of the United Nations--come together and say that we will confront war crimes when our Presidents commit us to that end; that we will support this President and facilitate the attaining of an agreement. Because to facilitate that agreement may not only save lives, but it will save the dispossession of thousands of people. The dispossession from their homes, from their lands.  Mr. Chairman, this is a great country, and I would remind my Republican colleagues that when George Bush made a determination to confront tyranny and send troops to Saudi Arabia, there was a request on our side for a vote. President Bush asked Tom Foley, the Speaker of the House of Representatives--and I sat in the room with him--let us not vote now; let us support this policy so we can put together this coalition and bring peace and stop this aggression. Speaker Foley agreed to do so with the President of the United States.  And, indeed, when there was a vote, I tell my friends on the Republican side of the aisle, as to whether or not we were going to then deploy those troops in Saudi Arabia into Kuwait, that almost half of our caucus supported President Bush. I hope we find that bipartisanship today. I hope we follow Bob Dole. I hope we commit ourselves to bipartisanship in foreign policy in confronting tyranny.  There are those who say that the United States has no strategic interest in Kosovo, that we have no interest in the ``internal affairs'' of another country, that war has become a ``fact of life'' in the former Yugoslavia.  Mr. Chairman, I submit to you and my colleagues that helping to resolve the crisis in Kosovo, as we have in Bosnia--stopping war in the heart of Europe--is a preeminent strategic and moral interest of the United States. The crisis in Kosovo, like Bosnia, has the potential to ignite the entire Balkan region, undoing what we have achieved in Bosnia and drawing in already unstable Albania, Macedonia and potentially our NATO allies Greece and Turkey.  To those who say that the international community has no interest in the ``internal affairs'' of another state, I say that both the Universal Declaration on Human Rights and the Helsinki Final Act to which the United States is a signatory, hold otherwise.  Fifty years ago, the Universal Declaration on Human Rights shattered the idea that national sovereignty should shield governments from scrutiny of their human rights records. This concept had long insulated countries from being held accountable for the gross mistreatment of their own citizens. In the aftermath of the Holocaust, the declaration captured the world's revulsion of that traditional view of international relations and made clear a new norm--how a state treats its own people is of direct and legitimate concern to all states and is not simply an internal affair of the state concerned. Thirty years later, the Helsinki Final Act reaffirmed this principle.  Mr. Chairman, the events which have occurred in Kosovo since the beginning of last year are but an escalation of the repression and brutality the Albania Kosovars have suffered at the hands of the Belgrade authorities since 1989 when Slobodan Milosevic unilaterally revoked the substantial autonomy Kosovo enjoyed under the old Yugoslav Federation. Of course, since the beginning of 1998 more than 2,000 ethnic Albanians--including women and children--have been killed, many brutally massacred. Hundreds of villages have been destroyed, and more than 400,000 people have been displaced. Make no mistake about it, this is ethnic cleansing.  To those who say that what is happening in Kosovo is the continuation of centuries old ethnic hatreds, and that ``War has become a fact of life in this part of the world,'' I ask, what do you propose? Accept the status quo? Let the opposing factions ``slug it out''--let the bloodbath continue? I say this is totally unacceptable. Such a course legitimizes the violence--the murder, the ethnic cleansing--and accepts the premise that this is the kind of world in which we will always live.  Mr. Chairman, Kosovo is not Bosnia. The situation on the ground is certainly different in many ways, yet both share a common suffering--the scourge of ethnic cleansing, and a common curse--Slobodan Milosevic. The killing and devastation in Kosovo, like the ethnic cleansing in Bosnia, are a direct result of the efforts of Milosevic and his thugs to maintain and consolidate their power.  Mr. Chairman, the United States, NATO and the international community have made a commitment to bring peace and long-term stability to the former Yugoslavia. This is a long and difficult struggle, and any peace agreement will not be effectively implemented without NATO muscle. The United States mustlead and take a strong stand against the enemies of peace.  Mr. Chairman, NATO no longer confronts a monolithic enemy. The threats with which it must now deal come from terrorism and regional conflicts--like Kosovo. If we and our NATO allies are not willing to confront the bullies in Kosovo and lay the groundwork for long-term peace in that region, we will encourage such bullies and ensure that they will act again sometime, somewhere, That is the lesson of history we must not forget.  Vote for H. Con. Res. 42.  