Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Mississippi and great leader of this House for yielding to me.  Mr. Speaker, I was 15 years of age, I was in high school at Suitland High School, just about 15 minutes from where we stand; that school was a segregated school. The county was segregated. I represent a district where all the schools were segregated at that point in time.  My generation was a generation, or my cohorts, slightly older than the President, slightly older than those in their early 50s now. For them, the Vietnam War was a central compelling fact in their life. For me, it was the civil rights movement of the 1950s. Rosa Parks showed so much courage. Martin Luther King had a dream. He conveyed that dream to all of us.  But I rise not only as a member of that generation but as also somebody from the State of Maryland. The reason a Marylander rises is because Thurgood Marshall is one of Maryland's most honored sons.  Thurgood Marshall, as all of my colleagues know, was a member of the Supreme Court of the United States. There is a statue now between the Capitol and the Governor's mansion of Thurgood Marshall in testimony to, not only his service to the United States as a Justice on the Supreme Court, but also the role, the very central role that he played in Brown v. Board of Education as counsel.  For those seeking justice in America, for those seeking an open door to opportunity, it is ironic that we just read in the papers about Thomas Jefferson's family and who is a part of that family. It is really a metaphor for America, because all of those individuals are members of the family.  Jefferson said in the Declaration of Independence that this Nation was founded on the premise that all men, and indeed he would have added today women, are created equal and that we honored each one of them and that they would do equal justice under law.  Maryland, unfortunately, not unfortunately, he was great in many ways, but a captive of his times perhaps, is home to Roger Brook Taney. His statue stands right outside the Supreme Court. He was the author of, of course, the Dred Scott decision. Two Marylanders, two different conclusions; one in my opinion wrong, one right.  It is appropriate that we honor this historic case. I thank my colleagues forallowing me to join in in saying that Brown v. Board of Education was nine justices saying that America, as Martin Luther King had said in 1963, needs to live out the realities of that which it claims to be its creed, equal justice under law for all its citizens, in their diversity and in their ability to add so substantively to the quality of this country.  I am pleased on behalf of all of us who loved Thurgood Marshall, who believed that Brown v. Board of Education led us to a new and better day and who recognized that the central premise of Brown v. Board of Education is still at question today.  It is important that we stand and speak out for an America that believes that every one of us is due respect which God endowed in us, not the state, not our fellow citizens, endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights; and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  I thank the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Thompson) for giving me this opportunity to join him in noting the historic contribution made by Brown v. Board of Education and the courageous and able people who saw it to the Supreme Court through some very difficult times and to whom this country owes us a great debt.  