Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I, too, rise in support of the amendment and agree that if you are looking at the amendment and you listen to the application of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Turner), as applied to the amendment and its integration into the bill, I think it is clear.  I want to join the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman) in making it clear that one of the problems that we are trying to deal with is that every agency historically has had its own form with its special requirements, and it has been very difficult to get them to come to agreement on having a common form for common purposes.  The staff correctly, and OMB, was concerned that we would have, as pointed out by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman), an interpretation of the language in the bill that said there had to be a common form for every application, whether or not there were similar purposes in that application. That was not the intent of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman), nor mine.  However, it is, and I want to reiterate what the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman) said, and I know what the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Turner) and the committee agrees, it is our intent to have agencies come with a common form, come to agreement so that States and local governments can be facilitated in accomplishing the objectives that these programs are established for.  The irony has been that, on the one hand, we establish a program to help kids or families or farmers or whoever, and we then set up procedures which impede that objective.  So I, too, will support the amendment. I think the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Turner) is absolutely correct. This is an amendment which will clarify it, but what it clarifies is that we are talking about similar purposes having a common form, and that will be required, not optional, and it will not be an agency option in the sense that they can decide, yes, we will do this. It is something they need to come to agreement on with other like agencies and like programs in establishing a common form.  I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Turner) for his leadership and for yielding.  