Shows) for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Mississippi and Susan Brita in particular, not because the gentleman from Mississippi is not the most important as the ranking member but Susan Brita has been at this forever. We have worked closely with her and she knows much more about the soap box derby, I think, than anyone else on our side of the aisle. I know on the other side of the aisle there is great knowledge about it. I want to thank the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure committee for bringing this bill forward.  Mr. Speaker, the soap box derby is a tradition in America. It has become a tradition on Capitol Hill. Because it is Capitol Hill, we need to give authorization. Allowing this to occur on Capitol Hill is an appropriate action that we take every year, because this is the kind of event that makes Americans proud, it gives young people a sense of responsibility and enterprise and it gives them also a sense of competition, all of which will redound to their benefit and redound to the benefit of the Nation.  Again, I thank the committee for reporting this bill out in such a timely fashion, and I thank in particular Susan Brita who does such an extraordinary job for all of us.  Mr. Speaker, for the last eight years, I have sponsored a resolution for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby to hold its race here on the Capitol grounds along Constitution Avenue.  Two weeks ago, I proudly introduced H. Con. Res. 47 to permit the 58th running of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, which is to take place on July 10, 1999. This resolution authorizes the Architect of the Capitol, the Capitol Police Board, and the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to negotiate the necessary arrangements for carrying out the running of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby.  In the past, the full House has supported this resolution once reported favorably by the full Transportation Committee. I ask for my colleagues to join with me, and Representatives Albert Wynn, Connie Morella, Jim Moran, and Frank Wolf in supporting this resolution.  Each year since 1992, the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby has welcomed over 40 contestants which has made the Washington, DC race one of the largest in the country. Participants range from ages 9 to 16 and hail from communities in Maryland, the District of Columbia and Virginia. The winners of this local event will represent the Washington metropolitan area in the national race, which will be held in Akron, Ohio on July 31, 1999.  The soap box derby provides our young people with an opportunity to gain valuable skills such as engineering and aerodynamics. Furthermore, the derby promotes team work, a strong sense of accomplishment, sportsmanship, leadership, and responsibility.  These are positive attributes that we should encourage children to carry into adulthood. The young people involved spend months preparing for this race, and the day that they complete it makes it all the more worthwhile.  I would like to thank Bob Franks, the chairman of the Public Buildings Subcommittee, and Bob Wise the ranking member for moving this legislation.  Much credit also goes to Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member Oberstar for being sosupportive over the years. Finally, I would like to recognize Susan Brita who is such an asset to us all at the Public Buildings Subcommittee.  