Chairman, I thank the ranking member, or as I call him, the chairman in exile, for yielding this time, with all due respect to the chairman. I am particularly pleased that he yielded to me in light of the fact that I am supportive of this bill. Indeed, I am a cosponsor of this bill.  Just a few days ago we passed the Hoyer-Portman bill on Federal financial assistance improvements, which gave to communities greater flexibility to access Federal monies. I say to my friend, he and I are absolutely in lockstep on wanting to assure that disadvantaged children are helped by Federal programs.  As the gentleman knows, my wife, Judy, was supervisor of early childhood education in Prince Georges County. It is a 70 percent African American school system, as the gentleman knows. While it is obviously not a poor school system, it has pockets of poverty within Prince Georges County. It is faced with the problems of ensuring that we give opportunity and uplift to children who have been disadvantaged, from a lot of different angles.  It was Judy's lament that one of the problems was that she had a child named Sally or a child named Joe, and she could not marshal all of the resources that we at the Federal level want for educational programs, nutritional programs, health programs, whatever they might be, marshal those programs in a way that would maximize their impact on those children.  Really, it is that education from my wife, who was involved in and was principal of a school that was 90 percent, as the gentleman knows, African American, 3-year-olds and 4-year-olds, to try to make sure that we do in fact maximize and provide for every resource possible to help those children, because that is in the best interests of every American.  I rise in support of this bill after talking to the Governors, who are doing a lot of things, and my own Governor, Governor Glendening.  Mr. Chairman, Governor Glendening has used this Ed-Flex to, in one instance, bring a classroom from 25 to 1 down to 12 to 1 in a school that had 43 percent poverty, as opposed to 50 percent poverty, and use those Chapter 1 funds very effectively, and it has resulted in the substantial upgrading of the performance of those children on our State performance tests.  I will vote for the Miller amendment, I want to say to my friend, because I share the view that we ought to have accountability. If we are going to give flexibility, what the taxpayer does expect of all of us is to ensure accountability with that flexibility.  