Chairman, I rise in support of this bill and applaud the work of both the chairman, Mr. Lewis and the ranking member, Mr. Murtha. I believe the priorities which they have established in this bill are good for both our nation and for our nation's defense.  Mr. Chairman, we are preparing to enter the 15th consecutive year of real decline in defense spending. I am one of those who believes that we cannot continue to put the military at risk.  The funding constraints imposed by the balanced budget agreement make our choices more difficult. However, we still must ensure that other priorities do not drive us away from one of the primary responsibilities this Congress has, and that is ensuring our nation's defense.  The difficult choices Chairman Lewis and ranking member Murtha had to make in developing the bill before us demonstrate the bipartisan spirit and dedication to the commitment all of us must follow when it comes to providing for the security of our nation.  We all realize that the United States holds a unique position in the world. People all over the globe look to us for security and stability. It may not be fair, but it is reality.  While our military forces are shrinking, operations around the world are increasing. The increased pace of peacekeeping, humanitarian relief, and other operations is forcing our Armed Forces to do more wiht less. However, doing more with less is not always conducive with ensuring the long term readiness of our armed services.  Our forces which have served admirably in support of our operations in Kosovo and in Bosnia, as well as our continued enforcement of the no-fly zone over Iraq, are just some of the recent examples of our global leadership and responsibility. I continue to support our deployment of troops in these regions and believe the work they are accomplishing makes America a better place and the world a safer one.  I say to both the chairman and the ranking member that their priorities are right for our nation, we need to stand up for those priorities and pursue them.  I support this bill to appropriate $266 billion for critical defense needs in fiscal year 2000 and want to commend the committee for what is in the bill before us:  A 4.8% military pay raise. Mr. Chairman, I support this well deserved raise and look forward to my colleagues supporting pay parity for our federal employees. As you know, the House included a provision, which I sponsored, in the recently passed emergency supplemental, that calls for pay parity between military and civilian employees.  The reform of military retirement and special pay and bonuses that will give our military personnel greater incentives to stay until retirement.  $576 million for continued development of the joint strike fighter.  $2.7 billion for 36 F-18E/F aircraft for the Navy.  $856 million for 11 V-22 Osprey aircraft for the Marines.  $272 million for upgrades to the EA-6 prowler.  $207 million for 19 black hawk helicopters for the Army, National Guard and $130 million for desperately needed unfunded equipment for the National Guard.  In addition, I am especially proud of the committee's funding of important medical research including: $175 million for breast cancer research; and $75 million for prostate cancer research.  I applaud the committee for funding these DOD priorities and for addressing the needs of our men and women in the armed services.  