Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Tenth Anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall. Perhaps no act in the latter half of this century better represents the human quest for freedom and dignity. Perhaps no barrier more aptly symbolized the moral bankruptcy of an entire political movement--a movement that subjected its citizens to forcible detention.  As President Kennedy noted during his famous speech in West Berlin in 1963, the Wall was erected to keep its citizens within. As we all knew, the Wall was fundamentally flawed and had to come down. Its dismantling foreshadowed the collapse of the Soviet Union and communist domination of Eastern Europe. Who would have thought that less than 10 years later three former members of the Warsaw pact would become members of NATO? Who would have predicted that NATO would survive as an engine of security and democracy-building in Europe?  When I was appointed to the Helsinki Commission in 1985, there were serious questions in the United States about the viability of the Helsinki process. Had the process emphasized security at the expense of human rights? Was it perhaps time to reconsider the process in the absence of tangible progress on human rights questions?  Today, we celebrate the freedom yielded by our steadfast commitment to the process and by our demand that the former Soviet bloc countries adhere and implement the human rights standards enshrined by the Accords. The fall of the Berlin Wall transformed the world and demonstrated unreservedly the dignity of man as fundamental to democracy. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) took a stand--that human dignity, tolerance and mutual respect would be the standards for all the nations of Europe as we entered in 1990s.  Almost immediately, the fall of the Wall ushered in new members to the OSCE--Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Albania. All were freed from the shackles of Soviet domination, and began to express a desire to join the Helsinki process.  Why would they want to join when in effect we had won? Because the Helsinki process could serve as a source of values and act as an agent of conflict resolution. It provided participating States with a blueprint by which to guide them away from the legacy of the past. But most importantly it reminded members--old and new--of their responsibilities to their own citizens and to each other.  This lesson would be sorely tested in the years following the Wall's fall with the dismemberment of Yugoslavia, the genocide of Bosnia, the economic collapse of Albania and the emergence of new threats to the citizens of Russia. The emphasis on rule of law in the Helsinki process would become even more relevant for all of Europe.  One year after the fall of the Wall, at the OSCE Paris Summit, former political prisoners like Vaclav Havel and Lech Walesa, who had fought for the rights espoused at Helsinki in 1975, led their countries to the table and recommitted themselves and their governments to the principles of human rights, security and economic cooperation that are the foundation of the Final Act. Today, 54 nations of Europe, the Caucasus and Central Asia are committed to the Helsinki process as participating States of the OSCE.  Mr. Speaker, as we reflect on this anniversary we understand that the countries and peoples of the region are still in transition and will be for decades to come. Great strides have been made by many former communist countries in building democratic societies and market economies. Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic are our NATO allies and are actively pursuing admission to the European Union. Other central and eastern European countries are taking steps to join NATO and the EU. Yet, progress has been uneven and much remains to be done.  It is critical that the United States remain engaged with the peoples and governments of Europe and the countries which emerged from the former Soviet Union, especially Russia, during this difficult period. I agree with President Clinton when he said that we must `'reaffirm our determination to finish the job--to complete a Europe whole, free, democratic, and at peace, for the first time in all of history.'' It is in our strategic and national interest to do so.  