Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women of law enforcement who made the ultimate sacrifice in protecting our civil society.  Yesterday, I joined the families and colleagues of Officers Christopher Eney and Jacob Chestnut and Detective John Gibson in dedicating the Capitol Police Headquarters in their honor. Their deaths, as tragic as they were, are only three of more than 15,000 men and women who have lost their lives in the line of duty.  Thousands of law enforcement officers are converging on Washington for the Annual National Law Enforcement Week. This year, the names of Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson will be read at the Candlelight Vigil along with the names of 156 other officers from around the Nation. The names of those 158 officers will forever be remembered on the walls of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial.  Whether in the Capitol Building, on the highway, or in our neighborhoods, these men and women put on a badge and strapped on a gun, knowing that they risked their lives. No one escapes death. That is a fact that we have known since a young age. Our lives are precious, and a gift that is to be cherished and celebrated to its fullest. Yet, putting duty to their profession ahead of boundless risks, these officers forfeited that gift for what they believed in.  For the 158 officers who lost their lives in 1998, their tragic deaths came too soon and without reasonable cause. In an instant, the families and colleagues of these officers had someone they loved and cared for taken away from them. And in an instant, we lost a dedicated and committed community servant.  Abraham Lincoln once stated that ``Those brave men who here gave their lives that that Nation might live.'' The fallen men and women that we honor today gave their lives upholding the laws vital to maintaining our democratic form of government. Just as President Lincoln honored the fallen heroes of a war between brothers, we honor the brave husbands, wives, fathers and mothers from departments across the country that sacrificed their lives, enforcing the laws of rural towns and urban cities across America.  God bless our fallen officers.  