Speaker, I rise today in strong support of House Joint Resolution 57, which would disapprove the President's extension of Normal Trade Relations--what used to be called Most Favored Nation status--with the People's Republic of China.  Let me stress, I have no quarrel with the more than 1.2 billion citizens of China. They are a good, industrious and honorable people. But, in extending this trading status, we have to ask ourselves: What has the Chinese government--one of the last communist dictatorships on earth--done to deserve it?  The Chinese government's record reads more like an indictment. China flagrantly violates the human rights of its own citizens and internationally recognized labor standards. It fomented anti-American hatred after our clearly accidental bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade. It recently began saber rattling against Taiwan. And it repeatedly has been unwilling to make vital democratic reforms.  Just last week, this House passed a resolution marking the 10th Anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall and the West's victory over communism. Ironically, this past June also marked the 10th Anniversary of the Chinese government's crackdown on the advocates of democracy in Tiananmen Square.  An estimated 5,000 Chinese were killed on June 3 and 4, 1989, when government troops crushed pro-democracy protests. Another 10,000 were injured and hundreds more were arrested.  Has the injustice stopped? Not at all. Over the past few months, the government has once again detained dissidents, handing down sentences of up to four years in prison for ``subverting state power, assaulting government, holding illegal rallies, and trying to organize workers laid off from a state run firm.''  And the Washington Post reported this past Sunday that Chinese security forces have rounded up more than 4,000 people in Beijing alone during a massive, nationwide crackdown against the popular Buddhist-based spiritual movement Falun Gong. The government banned the group last week.  At the dawn of the New Millennium, China--in many respects--has barely entered the 20th Century on human rights. And that simply is not acceptable. Nor should it be countenanced by the greatest democracy in the world.  But the human rights and labor standard violations are only one in a series of provocative acts by the Chinese government.  China's recent threats of military action against Taiwan threaten future stability in the region. Although Taiwan's President Lee Teng-hui has retreated on remarks declaring his nation a separate state from the mainland, China has proceeded with ``war-time'' mobilization drills in protest of those remarks.  In addition, the breach in security at American nuclear weapons labs over the past 20 years and recent revelations concerning the development of the neutron bomb and the long range DF-31 missile raise serious concerns about China's advancing military capability and its commitment to non-proliferation of weapons.  Furthermore, China has shown no compunction about violating U.S. intellectual property rights, shipping products made with prison labor and prohibiting thousands of foreign products from entering the Chinese market through a maze of regulations.  Now, in fairness, it can be said that the people of China are somewhat better off than they were 10 years ago. The government has extended some basic rights to its citizens. Whether starting a business, choosing a job, or watching a foreign movie--these rights, albeit restricted, signal some progress.  But has China gone far enough in adopting democratic policies and respecting human rights. The answer clearly is no.  Undeniably, China is one of the great powers in the world today, and our ability to influence its decisions is limited. But we do know that more than one-third of China's exports today are sold in the United States. In the month of May alone, the Department of Commerce reported a trade deficit with China of $5.25 billion and it is projected to reach $67 billion in 1999.  The extension of Normal Trading Relations is one of the few economic levers we possess that can spur China to improve its behavior on these critical issues. We should not forfeit our economic leverage outright. Coddling has never worked.  I implore my colleagues to vote for this Resolution, which would send an unmistakable message to the Chinese government that it cannot continue business as usual.  