Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the rule on H.R. 1501 and H.R. 2122. On May 25, the Speaker stated that we should consider this bill in a ``timely yet responsible way'' and that ``rushing it to the floor . . . will not result in a better product in the long run.'' The actions of the Rules Committee late last night has been anything but timely and responsible. After the majority pledged to work together to draft a bipartisan bill that contained the reasonable gun-safety legislation in the Senate, the Judiciary Committee canceled the scheduled mark-up and took the juvenile justice and gun violence proposals directly to the floor.  Now, just twelve hours after passing the rule, we are debating two bills that Members and staffs have had inadequate time to prepare for.  Mr. Speaker, after the events of the past two months, this should not become a partisan debate. We must take as many steps as we can to eliminate the environment of violence and reduce risk to our children, families and neighbors. The culture of violence is magnified every day by rapidly expanding communication technology. Television, movies, the internet, violent video games all conspire to make violence a part of the lives of each of us every day.  The Senate has done its part to provide sensible legislation, and it is now up to us to adopt a package of legislation that addresses the violence that has frightened families and communities across the Nation. No legislation alone is potent enough to stop youth violence, but it is truly unfortunate that we could not come up with one bill that addresses both the need for juvenile justice programs and sensible gun safety provisions.  As the Ranking Member on the Appropriations Treasury-Postal Subcommittee, I was prepared to introduce an amendment in the Treasury Postal Appropriations Bill that would close the gun-show loophole just as the Senate bill did. But a last minute decision by the Republican leadership that gun violence would be addressed in a timely and substantive manner kept me from offering my amendment. We were reassured that this issue would be addressed swiftly and cooperatively.  But here we are today debating a pair of bills that never made it through Committee debate and were brought to the floor in a haphazard and truly partisan fashion.  I urge members to vote against this rule.  