Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am inclined to debate at length the presentation of the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn), the last speaker, but I understand his point. I do not agree with it.  In fact, I would make the observation that we have a system whereby the federal employees are compared with comparable positions in the private sector. That report is done pursuant to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. In fact, for comparable work done in the regions of the country, it is done regionally so it is not over-inflated for high cost areas and low cost areas, but by region, our federal employees for comparable work done in the private sector are 20 to 30 percent behind.  Now, the reason the salaries sound high is because we have NIH scientists, we have NASA engineers, we have law enforcement officials that are skilled and, for instance, in FBI, college graduates, doing some of the most sophisticated criminal investigations possible and DEA and ATF and other agencies. We have at the IRS highly skilled and paid personnel to carry out very sophisticated financial responsibilities and analysis.  So that, yes, by comparison with the overall, they are high. But just as well, Michael Jordan's salary by comparison was high. I tell people that Abe Pollin could have gotten 100 people to apply for the Bullets at $250,000 a year. There would have been no lack of people applying to play.  Now, the fact of the matter is Abe Pollin would never have won a game because, at $250,000, which is a lot of money by our standards, by anybody's standards, he would not have gotten competitive ball players.  That is the nature of some of the things that we do in the federal service, very sophisticated, requiring highly skilled people. In the competitive market, one pays what the market pays.  As I pointed out before the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn) got here, we just passed the defense authorization bill, I obviously do not know whether he voted for or against it, in which we included 4.8 percent adjustment for military pay because we want to keep them and we want to be able to recruit. The law calls for parity, and that is what we are providing for in this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Velazquez), the ranking member of the Committee on Small Business.  