Speaker, I rise now not only to oppose this fiscally irresponsible Republican tax plan, but to inject a little historical perspective into this debate.  One of the first votes I cast as a member of this House was on President Reagan's ``Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981.'' The heart of President Reagan's supply-side tax plan was a $749 billion tax cut over five years. Among other things, President Reagan's plan slashed individual income taxes across-the-board and allowed faster write-offs for capital investments.  Those of us who were around here back in 1981 remember how President Reagan strode into office with this bold pledge: He said that a massive tax cut would fuel economic growth, thereby generating greater Federal revenues and resulting in a balanced Federal budget by 1984.  Well, that's not exactly what happened, is it?  The Laffer curve--named after supply-side economist Arthur Laffer, who had President Reagan's ear on tax policy--purported to show how tax cuts could lead to a balanced budget. But that turned out to be a cruel hoax on the American people.  In 1980, President Carter's last year in office, the Federal budget deficit was $73.8 billion. Large, yes. But not insurmountable. Only five years later--after the massive tax cut of 1981--the Federal budget deficit had exploded to $212.3 billion.  By 1990, the Federal deficit had ballooned to $220 billion. And in 1992, President Bush's last year in office, the deficit had skyrocketed to $290 billion.  Consider another important measure of national economic health--the national debt. In 1980, the public debt of the United States was $909 billion. In the following 12 years of Republican administrations, the debt exploded to over 4 trillion dollars! And this happened even though Congress appropriated less money in these 12 years than Presidents Reagan and Bush voodoo economics, Mr. Speaker, voodoo economics. That's what former President Bush--not Steny Hoyer--called President Reagan's supply-side tax cut plan on the campaign trail in 1980. And President Bush was not alone when he offered that piercing two-word analysis.  Former Senator Howard Baker called the supply-side tax cut scheme a ``riverboat gamble.'' and President Reagan's own budget director, David Stockman, later confessed that he knew the administration could not cut taxes, provide a ``safety net'' for domestic programs and balance the budget because ``it defied arithmetic, wasn't true.''  Only our fiscal discipline, our fiscal responsibility since 1993 has allowed us to erase these record budget deficits. And last year, we realized our first surplus--$70 billion--in 30 years.  The record deficits of the 1980s caused our economy to plunge into crisis. And we responded. We passed a budget agreement in 1993--which I might add did not get one Republican vote--that cut the deficit by $496 billion over five years.  The 1993 budget agreement was designed to bring down an unemployment rate then running at 7.5 percent; bring down the 30-year interest rate then hovering at 8.2 percent; and bring down that $290 billion deficit. And it worked.  In 1997, in more bipartisan fashion, we passed a balanced budget agreement that called for continued fiscal prudence in both discretionary and mandatory programs.  And what do we have to show for our hard work--our fiscal discipline--over these last six years?  Well, we now project a budget surplus of $100 billion in 1999.  The national debt is $1.7 trillion lower than was projected in 1993.  Interest rates are around 6 percent.  The unemployment rate remains near 4.3 percent.  We have the fastest real-wage growth in 25 years.  Inflation--2.5 percent--is at its lowest rate in 32 years.  Business investment has grown at 12.8 percent per year, the fastest growth since the Kennedy administration.  And we have the highest rate of private home ownership--66 percent--in history.  What an incredible achievement. What an incredible record.  And, now, we're going to throw it all away? With this irresponsible tax plan that threatens to explode the deficit, explode the national debt, drive up interest rates, and drive our healthy economy right off an economic cliff?  That's not just ``egregious recklessness,'' as the Washington Post called it yesterday. That's voodoo economics. That's a riverboat gamble that we should not ask the American people to take.  This Republican tax bill is so irresponsible that it even has many Republicans running for cover. It's no secret why.  First, this tax plan threatens long-term growth, by producing record deficits again, and driving up interest rates. This, in turn, would lead to lower economic growth.  While this tax plan purports to cut taxes by almost $800 billion, economists predict that it actually could cost us $3 trillion.  Second, this tax plan threatens our ability to reduce the national debt--which is critical to our continued economic vibrancy. Simply put, reducing the debt leads to lower interest rates and greater investment and economic growth.  And let's not lose sight of this fact--paying down the debt is tantamount to a tax cut because each percentage point decline in interest rates means $200 to $250 billion less in mortgage costs paid by Americans over the next 10 years.  Third, this irresponsible plan--which would eat the entire projected Federal budget surplus and then some--would eliminate our ability to strengthen Medicare and Social Security.  Currently, Medicare is projected to be insolvent by 2015. I submit that if we fail to take this rare opportunity to ensure the long-term solvency of Medicare and Social Security, we deserve the harsh judgment of history.  Finally, it should come as no surprise that in this Republican tax plan, the wealthiest 1 percent of taxpayers would receive one-third of the benefits.  Now, you tell me, how does that look to a young couple making, say, $40,000 a year? You might as well just tell them: ``Sorry, you are not one of the chosen few. Wealthy Americans are getting a tax cut. But you, you're just getting higher interest rates making it more expensive to buy a car, buy a house, or send your kids to college.''  Fairness, of course, is not the watchword when it comes to this tax plan. While the wealthy get a break, this plan would force cuts of $583 billion in domestic spending programs on crime and education over the next 10 years. In addition, it would slash defense spending by $198 billion over the same period.  This from the party that claims President Clinton has ``hollowed out'' the military. That's not just disingenuous, it's not acceptable.  Mr. Speaker, we have created the best economic times in a lifetime in the last six years.  There are two paths we can take. One path calls on us to continue with the fiscal discipline that we imposed on the budgetary process in 1993 and that has produced the economic boom we are enjoying today.  The other is a risky and speculative path--voodoo economics, if you will--that we know all too well. It is littered with gigantic deficits, and an exploding debt that threatens to disrupt our strong economy.  I urge my colleagues to choose the right path and vote for fiscal discipline and a strong economy, and against this irresponsible tax plan. Our economic security--indeed the security of future generations of Americans--depends on our choice.  Let it not be said that we took the politically seductive course and shrank from our duty and responsibility to our country, future generations, and to our economy.  