Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule and urge its passage. What did he say? What kind of doublespeak is this? Is he speaking out of both sides of his mouth? I will leave it for the Members to determine, and I will discuss this rule and why I think it ought to be passed, and why I think it is an unfortunate rule in that context.  Mr. Speaker, there is a disease infecting American politics today. That disease is cynicism--cynicism towards our public institutions and our public officials.  The symptoms are plain to see: civic disengagement, voter apathy, detachment, disaffection, and erosion of trust. In my view, this cynicism is inextricably linked to our current campaign finance system.  In the 1996 presidential election cycle, less than one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans contributed the maximum $1,000 per election for any candidate, according to the Advocacy Group on Public Campaigns. Yet, Americans cannot help but be awe-struck by the so-called soft money contributions pouring into our politics. In the 1996 election cycle, the two major parties raised $260 million in soft money. The same group predicts this figure will explode to $750 million in this cycle.  Today, Mr. Speaker, we have a rare opportunity to attack this cynicism before it hardens into a more debilitating contempt. We also can show the American people that we indeed can work together in a bipartisan manner.  Just 13 months ago this House overwhelmingly passed the Shays-Meehan campaign finance reform bill, 252 to 179, 61 Republicans, 190 Democrats. There is no reason that we cannot pass this important measure by even a larger margin today.  As we all know, Shays-Meehan would chip away at this cynicism by banning soft money contributions. In addition, it would regulate issue advertising that is clearly aimed at electing or defeating a specific candidate.  While I am hopeful that we will pass Shays-Meehan once again, I am mindful that the path to victory is treacherous. That is because the rule governing today's debate in my view is designed to do one thing only, to kill Shays-Meehan. That is why I said at the beginning that I rise in opposition to this rule but urge its support, because I fear if it goes down, we will not have the opportunity to consider Shays-Meehan.  Here is what the Washington Post said about the 10 amendments made in order by this rule: ``They were written and chosen either to vitiate the Shays-Meehan bill, or to poison it for Democrats who might then take the lead in killing it. Perhaps even worse, this rule pits noncontroversial Federal Election Commission reform, the Thomas substitute, against Shays-Meehan.'' If the Thomas substitute receives more votes than Shays-Meehan, the latter, of course, dies, and we will never even get to vote on it.  The substitute on FEC reform is not nor was it ever intended to be campaign finance reform. I ought to know. The Thomas substitute we will consider under this rule incorporates many of the provisions that I sponsored in H.R. 1818. But make no mistake, FEC reform is not campaign finance reform. FEC reform should have been on a suspension calendar or made as an amendment to Shays-Meehan. It was not. It was not because if it is adopted, it will automatically kill Shays-Meehan.  I urge my colleagues to vote against the Thomas substitute, which I support, but I support Shays-Meehan today, and we can support Thomas tomorrow.  I should note, too, that not one of our four committee hearings this summer, not one, was focused on FEC reform. Frankly, as best I can tell, their only real purpose was to try to discredit Shays-Meehan.  Finally, despite the fact that this is an unfair rule, as I said at the outset, I urge my colleagues to adopt it, to adopt it so that we can consider legislation critical to trying to allay the cynicism of which I have spoken.  Rules, of course, are not always fair, but there is no reason we cannot overcome the obstruction in our path, pass the bipartisan Shays-Meehan bill, and chip away at the cynicism toward American politics that exists today. I urge my colleagues to reject the poison pill amendments, to reject the Thomas substitute so we can adopt it on another day, to leave standing Shays-Meehan, and to vote in a bipartisan, overwhelming fashion to tell the American public that we are in fact, as our leader has said, going to return this House to the people.  