Speaker, I rise this evening to recognize the outstanding efforts of Robert Tobias on behalf of Federal employees. After 31 years of service to the National Treasury Employees Union and 16 years as its president, Bob is retiring to spend more time with his family.  Words alone cannot adequately explain the impact Bob Tobias has had over the past 31 years. To say that he is a leader in the Federal employee community simply does not do him or the contributions that he has made justice.  Bob has built NTEU from a union of 22,000 members located solely in the Treasury Department to a union of 155,000 employees representing Federal employees in 22 agencies. Legislatively, I cannot think of one major gain that Federal employees have made since I was elected to Congress in 1981 that has not had Bob Tobias' hand in it.  The list of accomplishments is impressive: helping to create the Federal Employee Retirement System; suing the Nixon administration and recovering $533 million of back pay owed to Federal employees; allowing CSRS-covered Federal employee to have another FERS open season when he won a Supreme Court case challenging the President's use of the line item veto power; IRS restructuring; assisting me in passing the Federal Employees Pay Comparability Act; working to institute alternative work schedules; telecommuting; and on-site child care for Federal employees.  The one area where I think Bob's influence was most deeply felt was the creation of partnership in the workplace and in the reinvention of government. When Vice President Gore's reinvention efforts began, the Federal workplace was at a crossroads. The old adversarial relationship between labor and management simply was not working. Government needed to be more efficient and accomplish more with less resources and personnel.  Participating with the reinvention effort was not easy. It took courage and vision, because, Mr. Speaker, part of the effort called for downsizing the Federal work force to its lowest level since the Kennedy administration. At that time, reinvention and partnership had a lot of detractors, but Bob Tobias and the late AFGE president, John Sturdivant, had a vision and took the risk. They took the risk, and I believe for the first time the talent of the rank-and-file employees started to be harnessed.  It paid off, Mr. Speaker, because bargaining unit employees for the first time got a seat at the table. They got a say in how their agency was run. This risk did not only benefit the members that Bob represented but ultimately paid off for the American taxpayer, who benefited from a more efficient and responsive government.  In his letter to chapter presidents in February, Bob wrote, and I quote: ``From my first day at NTEU, my goal has been to move us from helplessness and despair to dignity and respect; from being ignored to being recognized and included; and from acting alone to experiencing our collective power of collective action.''  Mr. Speaker, Bob Tobias has achieved those goals and NTEU members and the American people are better off today because of his efforts. We wish him well, and we wish him all the best in the future, and we thank him for his service.  Mr. Speaker, I often observed to groups of employees to whom I spoke that there was no better labor leader in America than Bob Tobias. He cared about his people, he worked tirelessly on their behalf, he advocated in their best interest and, like most successful leaders, accomplished much for all of those he represented. But as I said earlier in my statement, not only did he accomplish great things for them, but he made the workforce of the American people, the Federal employees, a better, more effective, more efficient, more disciplined, more focused workforce. And for that, we in America owe him a great debt of gratitude. America and its government are a better place for the service of Robert Tobias.  