Chairman, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. Romero-Barcelo) for yielding me this time, and I thank my friend the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Gilchrest) for listening to those constituents and responding to those constituents and allowing the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cardin), who represents the City of Baltimore in which Fort McHenry is located, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) from Montgomery County, in which, of course, there are many historic sites of the War of 1812, and, of course, I have represented the City of Bladensburg for many, many years, another historic site in the British effort to turn aside the revolution and the Peace Treaty of 1783, signed, as my friend knows, in the old Statehouse in Maryland, which is pictured, the Senate Chamber in which that Treaty of Paris which ended the war was signed on the 14th of January 1784 in Annapolis, and the picture of the Senate Chamber is on the wall in the rotunda.  Mr. Chairman, all of us are reciting some degree of history. It is important that we learn from history. It is important we not forget history so that we are not condemned to live the worst parts of history. The historic trails are important assets for our country and for our generations yet to come.  The eloquence of the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Gilchrest) in reciting that song that, yes, brought a smile to my face as well, because I remember it well. I loved that song. It is a catchy tune. But as he points out, it relates a tragic event.  The history of Maryland is replete with events that surround the founding of this Nation and the establishment of the greatest democracy the world has ever known, and certainly its most long-standing democracy in the world. So I strongly support this bill and urge my colleagues to do so. In order to designate a historic trail, we need to research that issue. This bill will provide for that effort to be undertaken. I think it is very appropriate.  The proposed trail would provide an opportunity for citizens to learn about the British Washington-Baltimore campaign during the War of 1812 and to experience the story of how our national anthem came to be written by Francis Scott Key.  The Star Spangled Banner Trail would be the first national historic trail in the mid-Atlantic region. As currently envisioned, it could take visitors through six counties in Maryland as well as Washington, D.C. and Baltimore.  The route, which would follow the path taken by the British in the War of 1812, would begin in my district where the British landed in Calvert County Maryland and launched their campaign to destroy the Barney Flotilla and, after the Battle of Bladensburg, burn Washington, D.C.  The trail would then follow the path of the retreating American army up through Georgetown, through Montgomery County, and onto Baltimore where they ultimately defeated the British forces at Ft. McHenry.  Mr. Speaker, the War of 1812 and this campaign is a fascinating, but untold, chapter in our Nation's history. Creating this trail will provide a critical link in this turning point in our Nation's history.  I want to thank my good friend Mr. Gilchrest for sponsoring this legislation and urge all of my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my friend, the gentleman from Puerto Rico, who I might say does such an outstanding job and who, I hope at some point in time, will represent the 51st State. That is an aside, that is not the issue today, I understand that, but this bill is about freedom, this bill is about stars in the Star-Spangled Banner, and perhaps we will add one for the representative from Puerto Rico in the near future.  I thank also my friend, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Hansen) for his leadership in getting this bill to the floor. The gentleman is a very fine Member of this House and his attention to details large and small has been appreciated by this body, and I appreciate his leadership in bringing this to the floor.  