Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, 3 minutes does not give me an opportunity, obviously, to discuss this bill or the fiscal shenanigans that are going on in this bill. But I do want to focus on one facet of this bill, the National Institutes of Health.  We have all heard the phrase ``women and children first.'' That, essentially, means that we want to give to women and children priority. This phase has been women, children, and the sick and workers last. This bill has been held hostage to the last. Why? Because the President places a priority on women, children, workers, and the sick.  My distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Porter), cares a lot about NIH. I want to tell the chairman, and I am sure he knows this, I am surprised that he would support this bill. Because under this bill, Mr. Speaker, they are proposing to spend this fiscal year that we are in now 1.5 billion less than President Clinton suggested. Hear me, $1.5 billion less.  I will tell my colleagues that people are concerned about this because it will delay such a large part. NIH budget will be a massive managerial challenge but much more importantly will force the delay of research grants and delay of clinical trials.  My friends, the chairman of our committee so critically involved in bone marrow transplants knows how timely action is. We are delaying clinical trials for cancer patients. We are delaying clinical trials for victims of heart disease. We are delaying clinical trials for victims of AIDS. We are delaying clinical trials for children with serious, life-threatening diseases. We are delaying them until September 29 and 30. That is 11 months away.  Who of my colleagues would stand and say to a critically ill child, wait 11 months while we underfund by $1.5 billion what the President asked for NIH funding? We pretend that we are giving NIH $17.9 billion. But we are saying, hey, guess what. Forty-two percent of it they cannot spend. Women, children, sick and workers last.  Why have we done this? To save Social Security? The majority leader of their party says that Social Security ought to be done away with. Let us reject this bill.  