Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about extremism. I ask my friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma, to perhaps listen as we talk about extremism.  Mr. Speaker, I want to talk to my friend, the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Davis), with whom I agree so much of the time. I say to him, the good news is that if we reject this conference report, I do not think we will ultimately lose any of the good things of which the gentleman spoke. If we do, it will be a mean-spirited action, indeed, because I presume they are included, because the gentleman's side of the aisle as well as my side of the aisle think those things are positive. We agree on them.  I do not rise because I want to legalize drugs. No matter how many times the chairman tries to articulate my reason for taking my action, it will not make it so, Mr. Speaker.  Nor will I oppose this bill because the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) tells me to, although I will tell my friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Istook), I believe that the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) is due great deference on this issue, because in this democracy she has been elected by Americans, American citizens, almost 600,000 of them, as we have seen, to represent their views. Those views represented by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) are due deference, in my opinion.  But I will oppose this bill for what I believe to be one of the most extreme, tyrannical, dictatorial provisions that I have ever seen in a bill on this floor. It is a shameful provision in this bill. For the American Congress to take the position that an American citizen cannot seek redress in the courts of this land through its corporate structure I say is un-American. It is contrary to the principles that the people's houses ought to represent.  I am shocked that it was not dropped in conference. The fact of the matter, the chairman has said, oh, it was in last year's bill, so those who hear that statement will say, oh, well, it must have been, and it was. But last year's bill was included in a bill that appropriated $400-plus billion. It was incorporated in a bill that we had to pass at the last minute because of the failure of the Committee on Appropriations to pass its appropriations bills seriatum, so we did them all in one package, so the President was left with really no alternative.  So in this bill we incorporate a provision, and Mr. Speaker, it is not made better because it was included last year. It is made worse that we would repeat this error, this egregious denial of democracy, where we say to the citizens of the District of Columbia, you cannot go to court and say that the way you are being treated is unconstitutional.  That is the basis of our government. Why? Because it says to every individual, no matter how small, whether they are 99 and 9 tenths percent not agreed to by the rest of us, that they have the inherent right as a citizen of this country to go to the courts and seek redress of their grievances.  Mr. Speaker, this provision of the bill is offensive to democracy, offensive to our Constitution, offensive to the basic rights of individuals to redress their grievances in the only way the Constitution sets forth ultimately for the minority. The majority can redress its grievances by voting in this body. The majority can always redress its grievances. But the genius of our system is that we provide a procedure where even the minority can redress its grievances. That is addressing the court.  This bill ought to be rejected for the inclusion of that provision alone.  