Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I did not say the average Federal employee.  The gentleman does want to continue to compare apples to apples. The reason I use the NBA analogy is because they make far more than any of us contemplate ever making perhaps in our lifetime in a year.  Why do they do so? Because the marketplace demands that if an owner of an NBA team wants to have the opportunity of winning, he must hire the skill levels necessary to accomplish that objective. The skill level required, and the gentleman knows my point, is such that we need to pay more.  Now, I asked the question for doctors not because I think doctors should not be well compensated. They have to go through extraordinary difficulty to acquire the skills that I want in my doctor. I want my doctor to be highly skilled; and, therefore, I know in the marketplace, in a free market, I am going to have to pay that doctor, society is going to have to pay that doctor, commensurate with the skills required.  What I suggested during my response to the intervention of the gentleman was that we have the requirement for some highly skilled people in the Federal service. The Federal Government does some extraordinarily difficult, complicated things requiring high skills. NIH doctors. That goes into the average my colleague is talking about. But I will tell my colleague, the average NIH research doctor at NIH makes far less than his private sector counterpart. I think the gentleman would probably concede that.  So when we take the average across the country and compare not just average salaries but compare skill levels, the report of every report that has come out since I have been in Congress in 1989 when we had Ronald Reagan and George Bush and now Bill Clinton in office, it did not really vary in terms of administrations, was that there was a substantial pay gap between the private sector when we compare comparable duties and responsibilities with the public sector. That is my point.  So my colleague continues to say ``average,'' and that is correct, but many of our people do not have average skills any more than a doctor has average skills.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn).  