Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding me this time.  I want to join the mayor who spoke in saying that this is not about local involvement, it is about the timing of local involvement. Why is it about the timing of local involvement? Because I suggest to my colleagues, if they involve the local governments late in the process, they deny the opportunity for sampling to be used.  Speaker Gingrich, the former Speaker of the House, in 1991 said that sampling ought to be used, because if it was not used minorities in Georgia would be undercounted. That was Speaker Gingrich in a letter of 1991.  The fact of the matter is, if we delay, as H.R. 472 will inevitably require, the involvement as opposed to having it early, as the mayor and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Maloney) suggest, then we will preclude what I suggest the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Miller) said in a statement would be, not only allowed, but the sense that I took from his statement was might be preferable.  Furthermore, Dr. Bryant, George Bush's census director, says that we ought to utilize sampling. If that is the case, we ought not to adopt legislation which will delay it.  In a report of the panel on census requirements in the year 2000, the National Academy of Sciences said we ought to use sampling because it more accurately counts.  The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Granger), former mayor, said that we counted some 124,000 people in a post-census review. Yes, we did. But guesswhat, we did not count 8 million people. In other words, while we got 124,000, we left out 7,896,000 people. That does not seem to me to be a good trade-off if we really care about counting every person for the purposes of making an accurate census.  I refer to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. Miller), my friend who serves with me on the Committee on Appropriations. In quoting him, he says ``I have chosen these words carefully. The issue of sampling is an issue of apportionment of representatives, not, I repeat, the distribution of Federal aid.''  Now, if it is all right to use sampling for the purposes of distributing over $187 billion of taxpayers' money, presumably because we think that is more accurate and will more accurately target where the funds are supposed to be, then I would suggest to the gentleman it is equally applicable to making sure that people who are getting money are represented accurately as well.  