Chairman, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Texas for yielding me this time.  At the outset, I want to say how positive an experience it has been working with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman) on this legislation. He and I both believe very strongly that we need to move quickly in this direction, albeit we have 18 months set forth in this legislation, hope that we can move more quickly, but however quickly we move, we think this is a critically important objective. And I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio for his very, very outstanding work on this.  I certainly want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Horn) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Turner) for facilitating this bill coming to the floor so early.  Mr. Speaker, over the years Congress has created, as we have heard, hundreds of programs, 600 plus of categorical programs to help communities and families deal with the many issues confronting them. Each of the programs was created with its own rules and regulations.  In some areas, local needs do not fit the problems specifically covered by categorical programs. In other areas, services overlap and duplicate each other.  Right now, case workers spend far too much time dealing with red tape and paperwork. The Federal Government has created hundreds of different taps through which assistance flows; and communities, programs and families must run from tap to tap, in many instances with a bucket, to help the people that we want to help as well.  My late wife, Judy, worked for the Prince George's County School System. She was the supervisor of early childhood education. She used to tell me about children in her program with certain problems. It was her belief that the staff should not have to run around figuring out which programs a child qualifies for and how to make the child's needs fit the money. The program should provide money which is flexible enough to allow program staff to concentrate on what they know best, taking care of children.  As an appropriator, Mr. Chairman, I am particularly concerned that our tax dollars be spent efficiently and effectively. In 1994, I asked the Department of Education to convene a working group on coordinated services. That was 5 years ago. This working group, which met through 1995, included Federal employees and people from State and local governments and organizations across the country. In response to the recommendation of that working group, I began working on legislation, this being a result, along with work that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman) has done and now is styled as H.R. 409.  The bill requires the Office of Management and Budget to work with other Federal agencies to establish a uniform application for financial assistance for multiple programs across multiple Federal agencies. Critically important not to have to deal with allkinds of different forms when, basically, the information we are seeking is the same.  Secondly, simplify reporting requirements and administrative procedures. Again facilitate, not impede, dollars getting to the people that we at the Federal level, our State colleagues and local colleagues all want to assist.  Thirdly, develop electronic methods for applying for and reporting of Federal financial assistance funds.  Agencies, Mr. Chairman, are also required to establish a process for consulting with State, local and tribal governments and nonprofit organizations over their implementation of the bill's requirements. Quoting, the Federal Financial Assistance Management Improvement Act directs the director of OMB to establish interagency coordination of the collection of information and sharing of data.  I think that is a critically important requirement. I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman) for his help in enunciating this in statute. It is important. For example, OMB must develop a single information release form to facilitate the sharing of information across multiple Federal programs.  In my opinion, the Federal Government has the responsibility of fixing the problems it has created. I have talked to many leaders of our government, Secretary Shalala at the Department of Health and Human Services, Secretary Riley at the Department of Education, former Secretary of Labor Reisch and others.  There are so many agencies that have programs, for instance, that help children, but there are a multiplicity of programs. And for the person who is working with a child in Head Start who may have nutritional problems, health problems, educational problems, social service problems, it is a daunting task at best to try to figure out how you access.  If we are successful in this effort, as I think we will be, in getting the government to have a uniform form for like services, then we will facilitate the objectives that we want to accomplish, which are now somewhat impeded by the bureaucratic maze through which applicants must go.  In my opinion, the Federal Government's responsibility will be facilitated by this act. I believe that H.R. 409 will add a much-needed focus on the coordination of program requirements both within and across Federal departments.  Finally, I want to thank some individuals who were instrumental in this legislation. We ought to certainly mention Senator John Glenn. Senator Glenn has retired now, but Senator Glenn was a major proponent of legislation similar to this and, in fact, had drafted it, had hearings on it, considered it in committee. He was a champion of this issue on the Senate side.  Again, I want to mention the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman), who is the primary sponsor of this legislation along with myself. He has been tireless and effective in his advocacy of simplifying the road on which local governments and State governments and private agencies must travel to access funds so that they can carry out the objectives that we have set forth.  I want to also mention Seth Webb, who works for the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Portman). He has been so critical, an extraordinarily effective staffer in getting us to this position.  I also want to mention Ms. Catriona MacDonald and Ms. Lisa Levine, two of my staffers, former staffers now, who did such an outstanding job in working on this legislation and getting us to this point.  Mr. Chairman, I am hopeful that this legislation will pass unanimously. I know there were a couple of amendments. The gentleman from Ohio and I have discussed those. Hopefully, we can dispose of those quickly and adopt this and send it to the Senate.  