Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time. I want to associate myself with the remarks of the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Walden).  Like the gentleman from Oregon, I too have watched a loved one die of cancer. I did not want her to commit suicide nor be put to death. I wanted her to be healed, as the previous speaker has said, and I believe all the doctors that dealt with her wanted to do that. But anybody who has gone through that experience, I think, is convicted of the fact that they want the doctor to have the latitude to use such means and devices as in the doctor's judgment is best to relieve that patient from the agony of death.  I will vote for this substitute and urge the adoption of this substitute because I believe it gives that latitude. It states as a policy that we are against assisted suicide, but it also goes on to train and to offer counseling and education in this very difficult time for families and individuals.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Rothman-Johnson-Maloney-Hooley ``Conquering Pain Substitute'' to H.R. 2260--``The Pain Relief Promotion Act.''  Assisted suicide remains a divisive issue around the nation. For young and old alike who suffer from terminal illness, finding a way to ease excruciating pain is a complex and difficult task.  The ``Conquering Pain Substitute'' provides a viable alternative to the ```Pain Relief Promotion Act.''  Not only does it express this body's opposition to assisted suicide, but it implements a variety of programs to provide information on pain management and learn more about the importance of controlled substances in treating the seriously and terminally ill.  The ``Conquering Pain Substitute'' puts more emphasis into research and insuring that health professions have the information they need in making pain management decisions.  The substitute expands access to pain management by establishing family support networks, a pain guidelines web-site, and insures that all Medicare recipients are informed of their insurance coverage of pain treatment.  The bill also calls for a report by the Surgeon General on legal and regulatory barriers to pain management as well as establishing an advisory committee on pain to coordinate efforts to the Federal Government.  This substitute provides a sensible approach to a difficult and emotional issue and I hope my fellow colleagues will join me in supporting it.  From time to time a few egregious cases, like assisted suicide, lead us to adopt legislation with broad implications and possible unintended consequences.  However, if the substitute fails, I will vote for final passage of H.R. 2260.  Representatives Hyde and Stupak have made a concerted effort to win wide-spread support of their bill including support by the American Medical Association, and the National Hospice Association. This bill is far superior to the Lethal Drug Abuse Prevention Act that was introduced in the 105th Congress.  Once again I urge my colleagues to support the ``Conquering Pain Substitute''  