Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I listened with interest to the presentation of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kasich), the chairman of the Committee on Budget. I tend to agree with him, as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) said earlier, that the who struck John and back and forth is really not of much interest to the American public.  But the budgets that people submit are of interest because they presumably do suggest policy. The chairman of the Committee on Budget historically has offered budgets, also when it was Democrats in charge and so that budget would not have been adopted, which suggested spending either all in the sense that we exceeded the Social Security surplus or most of the Social Security surplus in his own budgets submitted to the committee and/or the House.  It is not, I think, very useful as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) pointed out, to pretend that, to date, we have not passed bills which, if ultimately enacted, would not spend Social Security revenues. They would in the sense that we would exceed the off Social Security surpluses in our total spending proposals.  What we are here today to do is pass a continuing resolution. We are here today to pass a continuing resolution which will give us one more week to try to complete our job. I want to say to my friends on the other side of the aisle who now talk about going down to the White House, I am pleased they are doing that.  But their leader about whom we have read so much recently said that, in effect, they were going to pass appropriation bills, hold the Labor, Health bill, and negotiate with the President with him on his knees.  I do not think the American public are interested in that kind of political discourse. I think they expect honest discussions between the White House and the Congress. I think they expect and deserve an honest treatment of this budget process, not threats, not pretense, not emergency funding which, as was pointed out by the gentleman from Wisconsin, is now in the neighborhood of $20 billion plus.  As my friend, the chairman of the committee, who in my opinion is supporting this policy, but is not the author of this policy, knows full well, it will have deep and drastic and adverse consequences next year.  So in the name of responsibility, we are creating a major problem in the next year. Everybody on the Committee on Appropriations knows that. Everybody who knows anything about the budget knows that to be the case.  The fact of the matter is Social Security is in better shape now because of, frankly, the 1990 budget agreement, the 1993 budget agreement, and, yes, the 1997 agreement.  But let me say something about the 1997 agreement that has become the Holy Grail. The premise was we would still be in deficit today of the 1997 agreement. We were wrong. Happily, we were wrong. We have done much better than we thought we were going to do. We are in surplus, not in deficit.  So the premise underlying the 1997 agreement is not presently applicable. That does not mean, therefore, that we ought to prolifically spend. We ought not to.  But in fact, the President of the United States in February came to this House and said we are going to be paying down a substantial portion of our surplus on the national debt, the first time it has been done.  Ronald Reagan and George Bush asked us to spend more money than we spent in those 12 years. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) said that. I reiterate it. No one on the floor denies it because it is the fact.  So that in terms of all this fiscal discipline that we hear about from our friends on the Republican side of the aisle, that may be, but their Presidents, Mr. Reagan and Mr. Bush, whom I supported in many of their policies, in particular their build up of defense, which I thought was appropriate, signed every nickel that was spent. We never overwrote a veto to spend more money. Never. Never.  The gentlemen on the Republican side say, well, the President will not let us do this, so the President is doing this, that, and the other because he vetoes it. Yes, that it is true. The President has a lot of power. Ronald Reagan signed every nickel that was spent and put us $4 trillion in additional debt. Were we responsible? Yes, we were. But, clearly, it could not have been done without Reagan's and Bush's signatures.  In 1990, we adopted a program. In 1993, without any Republican help, we adopted another program. As a direct and proximate result, we have a surplus. Let us deal with it responsibly.  I am going to vote for this CR to give us another 8 days. But let us go down and discuss with the President positively and productively, not in a way that tries to bring the President or the Congress to its knees. The American public does not want us there. They do not deserve to have us there.  