Chairman, I rise in support of this bill and would like to commend the work of both the chairman, Mr. Hobson and the ranking member, Mr. Olver.  I believe the priorities which they have established in this bill are good for both our nation and for our nation's defense.  The funding constraints imposed by the balanced budget agreement make our choices more difficult.  However, we still must ensure that other priorities do not drive us away from one of the primary responsibilities the Congress has, and that is ensuring for the nation's defense.  The construction of quality family housing and barracks, as well as hospitals and child development centers all relate directly to the quality of life issues so important to retaining our men and women who serve our nation and who deserve the best that we can provide them.  We have witnessed our military forces time and again respond to our nation's call and demonstrate the courage, commitment and dedication that make our nation's defense the envy of the world.  I want to thank the subcommittee for providing these men and women a quality of life that makes the burden of leaving their families behind a bit easier to bear.  I also rise the support this bill which appropriates $8.5 billion for critical military construction needs in fiscal year 2000 and want to applaud the chairman and ranking member for what is in the bill before us:  --$4.2 billion for military construction, including: $789 million for barracks construction, $24 million for child development centers, $165 million for hospital and medical facilities, and $497 million for Guard and Reserve components.  --$3.6 billion for family housing, including: $747 million for new construction and renovation of family housing units and $2.8 billion for operation and maintenance of existing units.  --$700 million for expenses related to base realignment and closure.  I also want to point out some of the projects included in this bill that will have such a positive impact on the defense installations in my district such as;  For the Patuxent River Naval Air Station: $3.06 million for a ship & air test and evaluation facility, $1.5 million for a indoor firing range, and $4.15 million for an aircrew water survival training facility.  For Fort Meade: $10.07 million for a sewage treatment plant.  In closing, I want to thank the subcommittee for funding these military construction priorities and for so effectively addressing the needs of our men and women in uniform and their families.  