Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Chairman, during my career I have had the opportunity to serve on the Page Board. And as I say each year, when we take an opportunity such as this to thank the departing pages for the service that they have given to this people's House, I had the opportunity to serve as president of the Maryland Senate, and in that capacity ran the page program in that body. It was one of the best duties that I had.  Not only do our pages provide extraordinary service, but they learn a lot. They observe the dedication of the men and women who have been selected by their neighbors to serve in the Congress of the United States, in this, the greatest example of democracy in this world.  Vaclav Havel came and gave a speech on that second rostrum, and he pointed out that the Constitution of the United States, the Declaration of Independence, the Capitol itself, and the legislative process that occurs in this Capitol are inspiration for all the world.  There are only a few young Americans who can have the opportunity to witness democracy in action firsthand. The process of 435 individuals coming together, representing roughly 600,000 people each, over 260 million people collectively, to resolve the questions that confront our country is truly extraordinary.  You have had a unique window on that operation. I believe that experience places upon our departing pages a special responsibility, a special responsibility to return to their communities, their schools, and their neighborhoods, and to impart to their friends what they have learned.  I believe that each of our pages leaves with a conviction that our democracy works pretty well and that it produces representatives who really care. They may differ, and they may fight, and on C-SPAN sometimes they appear overly contentious. But our pages have an opportunity to see a broader participation than C-SPAN affords most of the public; and, therefore, they can impart a much more accurate picture of this institution.  I hope that each of our pages is as proud of this institution as each of us who serves within it. I hope that each of them leaves this institution with the intention to tell other Americans, whether they be young people, or their parents, or their uncles and aunts and relatives, and all of their peers, about how precious this democracy is and how important to its success is their participation in it.  We have had a number of people who have served in the Congress who started their careers as pages. The late Bill Emerson is a specific example. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dale Kildee) is another, who used to chair this Page Board. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Kanjorski) is another.  Any one of our fine pages standing in the well may stand here where I stand, or where the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Kelly) stands, and speak on behalf of his and her neighbors and friends.  The only way to get to the House of Representatives as a Member is to be elected. One cannot be appointed. Our Founding Fathers wanted to make sure that it was constituents who selected their representatives, not governors, not presidents, but the people. That is why we proudly call this the people's House.  Our pages have served here with us. They have served not only us, but America. We urge them to go back and continue to help us build a better country for us all. I know they will.  Thank you and Godspeed.  