Speaker, I suppose I could wax eloquent about the 37 years that Joan has put up with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), but I will refrain from that and simply say that those of us who have the opportunity to serve with him and know Joan know them to be one of the most loving, caring couples that we know. We join the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Upton) in congratulating them on their 37 years.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule and in opposition to this bill. I say to my colleagues in the majority, I do not know in whom you are repositing responsibility, but I do know this: There has been a lot of talk about working together. There has been a lot of talk about a family-friendly Congress.  We went to Hershey, Pennsylvania, to talk about working together. That was apparently an objective of the majority. Well, I happen to serve on the Subcommittee on Legislative, which is chaired by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor). I do not suppose there is anybody on the other side of the aisle that believes that the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor) is a profligate spender. Is there?  Apparently not.  The gentleman from North Carolina (Chairman Taylor) looked at this bill and I presume made a judgment, a judgment as to what this institution needed to run responsibly. In that process, of course we adopted a budget that was promulgated by the Republicans, the budget of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kasich) and his Senate counterpart..  Now, very frankly, I voted against that budget. My belief is there are an awful lot of people who voted for that budget who know it will not work and know it is going to crash, period, paragraph, 30.  Now we pursue a charade, and that charade is that we are going to nickel-and-dime. This entire bill is four-tenths of a percent of the discretionary spending that the appropriators will spend pursuant to the budget resolution.  There is no Budget Act point of order that would lie against this bill. Why? Because it is within the budget resolution. This is not something that we went outside the constraints of the budget resolution and the 302(b) allocations to our committee. We are within the allocation.  But there is now this pretense that somehow we are going to save education. We are going to put $2 billion, that is what the chairman of our subcommittee wants to do, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Porter), 2 billion extra dollars in NIH by somehow reconfiguring these figures at the last minute.  The gentleman from North Carolina and I do not always agree, but I will tell my colleagues this, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor) sat down with the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Pastor), the ranking member on our subcommittee, in a bipartisan fashion and said, how do we make this bill work?  Guess what, Mr. Speaker, their bill passed out of our subcommittee unanimously. Then it went to full committee. In a bipartisan fashion, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) conducted the debate. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) made his comments, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Pastor) and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor) made their comments, and it passed by voice vote unanimously out of the committee.  This was not a bill that had great controversy to it. But then, as I said the other day on this floor, that happened on the agriculture bill. All of a sudden, arising from the bosom of the Republican Conference came a hue cry, ``This is not enough''; and without any consultation with our side of the aisle at all, totally destroyed the bipartisanship that had created a consensus on this legislation.  We are confronted with these amendments which, yes, do undermine the ability of Members, in my opinion, to represent appropriately their constituents and to recognize the effort of our employees.  This will not save education, which, as the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Roemer) pointed out, is $12 billion under what my colleagues say we need, what the chairman says we need, not us on our side of the aisle, but what my chairman says is necessary to fund adequately education and health care in the Labor HHS bill.  Mr. Speaker, this is, as I said earlier, a charade to serve some rhetorical argument about fiscal responsibility while, at the same time we say we want to save education, we in fact underfund education.  This is very early in the process. This is an extraordinarily easy proposal to make. But the hour will come when the proposals will not be so easy, the rhetoric will not be so symbolic, and when the consequences will be much more severe. Let us reject this rule.  