Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for yielding to me, who herself has been such a great leader on this issue.  I rise today in strong support of House Joint Resolution 57 disapproving the extension of Normal Trade Relations to the People's Republic of China.  We have, of course, none of us a quarrel with the 1.2 billion citizens of China. But in extending this trading status we have to ask ourselves, what has the Chinese Government done, one of the last Communist dictatorships on earth, to deserve, to merit this consideration?  The Chinese Government's record reads, frankly, more like an indictment. China flagrantly violates the human rights of its own citizens and internationally recognized labor standards. It fomented anti-American hatred after our clearly accidental bombing in Belgrade. It recently began saber rattling against Taiwan, and it repeatedly, repeatedly has been unwilling to make vital democratic reforms.  This past June marked the 10th anniversary of the Chinese Government's crackdown on the advocates of democracy in Tiananmen Square. Has the injustice stopped since Tiananmen? No, not at all. Over the past few months the government has once again detained dissidents, handing down sentences of up to 4 years in prison for, and I quote, ``subverting State power, assaulting the government, holding illegal rallies, and trying to organize workers laid off from a State-run firm.'' I suggest all of those are values that America holds dear.  The Washington Post reported this past Sunday that Chinese security forces have rounded up in this month 4,000 people in Beijing alone during a massive nationwide crackdown against the popular Buddhist-based spiritual movement, Falun Gong. But the human rights and labor standard violations are only one in a series of provocative acts by the Chinese Government.  China's recent threat of military action against Taiwan threatens the very security of that region. In addition, the breach in security at American nuclear weapons labs over the past 20 years threatens us.  I say to my colleagues, reject Normal Trade Relations, adopt this resolution. Send a clear, clear message of American values.  