Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I want to make an observation first. I agree with the ranking member, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Davis) with reference to the product of this committee. I think it is one of the most positive products in a D.C. bill that I have seen since I have been here.  I also want to make an observation, as someone who is one of the senior members from the Washington regional delegation, that I think this delegation from the Washington metropolitan area is as positive a partner in working with our co-members of this region, the District of Columbia, and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton).  In particular, I would be remiss if I did not say once again what an extraordinary job the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) does on behalf of the District. She is attentive, able, energetic, tough as nails when she needs to be, and she is smart as she needs to be in terms of dealing with a very, very difficult situation.  It continues to be, however, I think, a travesty that the representative of the District of Columbia does not have a full vote on this House floor. Even absent that vote, Mr. Chairman, she does an extraordinarily good job in representing the people of the District of Columbia. I congratulate her for it.  Mr. Chairman, I want to just make a couple of comments. I want to thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Chairman Istook) for, again, his work on this bill. I agree, of course, as he knows, with the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) about the Committee on Rules' actions, and with respect to a couple of other provisions in the bill as well that we will discuss tomorrow.  Basically, this is a good bill. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) I think is absolutely correct. As an appropriation bill, that is, without the riders, without the extraneous matter, it is a bill that I think all of us could support.  I also would like to thank the chairman and the ranking member for adding report language in the full committee that deals with the fire service. I have been a longtime advocate of the interests of the fire service. We lost a very distinguished firefighter, John Carter, in 1997. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) and I have been at the funeral of two of the firefighters in the District of Columbia that have died in the last 60 days.  There was a report after Mr. Carter's death. That report made a number of recommendations. It was called the Reconstruction Committee. Two of the recommendations it made were dealing with assistance to battalion chiefs and the number of firefighters that were assigned to the trucks as they leave the station.  I believe that matter deserves very serious consideration. I know the D.C. City Council has a concern. It is report language and not mandatory, but I am hopeful that we can work on this matter and focus on it in the months ahead.  I again congratulate the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) for her outstanding work.  