Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by complimenting once again the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe) for the excellent job he and his staff have done with the bill this year. I thank them for their diligent work on this bill and for their spirit of bipartisan cooperation.  Within the 302(b) allocation level that had been provided for this subcommittee, $13.6 billion in discretionary budget authority, the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe) produced a very good bill that he presented to the subcommittee.  Even though we were not able to fund courthouse construction within the constraints of this allocation, which I think is a significant and important shortcoming of this bill, this bill deserved bipartisan support as it came out of subcommittee. And indeed it came out of subcommittee, I would remind my colleagues, unanimously.  This bill, as the chairman has said, funds the Department of the Treasury at $12.19 billion, $18.6 million below the request of the President. Included within this amount is $3.433 billion for the Treasury. Five important law enforcement agencies, as the chairman has pointed out, over 40 percent of law enforcement in the Federal Government falls within this bill.  This bill also funds antidrug activities, including $46.9 million for the Office of National Drug Control Policy. This important office has the lead role in coordinating all of this Government's efforts in the war against drugs. Within this money, $192 million is for the very successful high intensity drug trafficking areas; $19.5 million is for ONDCP's national youth and antidrug media campaign; and $30 million is for the third year of the very popular and widely supported Drug-Free Communities Act.  Mr. Chairman, I remain disappointed that this bill contains almost no construction funds. We have the responsibility in this appropriations bill to fund most of the construction of Federal buildings for the entire Government. But this year there is no attempt to fund any of the Federal courthouses on the Judiciary's 5-year plan.  Let me make it clear to the Members. 