Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her comments, and I thank her also for her leadership in so many different efforts directed at ensuring that human rights are observed, not just in the United States but around the world.  Mr. Speaker, continuing under my reservation, I am pleased to join with the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) in support of this concurrent resolution, which provides for the annual remembrance for victims of the Holocaust in the Rotunda of the Capitol, on Tuesday, April 13, 1999.  I want to join with the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) in recognizing that this resolution was for many years introduced by one of our finest Members, Sidney Yates from Illinois. Sidney Yates retired last year, and so the chairman of our committee, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) and I, along with some of our colleagues, are introducing it. But he stood as a giant on behalf of those who would not let this generation or generations yet to come forget the Holocaust.  There is no occasion more important for the international community and for humanity than to remember the tragedy that occurred in the 1930s and 1940s, the massive loss of life and the tragic reality of man's inhumanity to man. It is appropriate, Mr. Speaker, that we use the Rotunda, the scene of so many historic events, to draw attention again to one of the great tragedies in human history, and to remind ourselves that such events must never, never, never again be permitted to occur.  We perhaps delude ourselves that in this great country this could not happen. I like to believe and do believe that is true, but we know just a short time ago in Texas we had an African-American dragged from the back of a truck and brutally murdered. That was because he was an African-American. We know too that in the State of Wyoming we had a young man, I think he was 19 years of age, perhaps a little older, lose his life because of his sexual orientation. We see today a slaughter in Kosovo, men, women and children shot at close range in the face, unarmed.  What Days of Remembrance seeks to do is to make sure that we remember man's inhumanity to man and be vigilant to its recurrence. In this country we are fortunate to have a system that intervenes and acts and imposes the law. But, unfortunately, there are too many nations where might makes right, as it did in Nazi Germany.  The ceremony on April 13 will be part of the annual Days of Remembrance sponsored by the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, and is intended to encourage citizens to reflect on the Holocaust, to remember its victims, and to strengthen our sense of democracy and human rights.  We talked just a little earlier in this session about Dante Fascell and his chairmanship on the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe. Basket three of that document says specifically that there are certain international principles which apply to every Nation in dealing with its own citizens, and that those standards of the international community must be observed if a Nation is expected to be a full, participating, respected member of the international community.  Other events remembering the Holocaust will be occurring throughout the country. Each year the ceremony has a theme geared to specific events which occurred during the Holocaust. The gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) referred to the sailing of the St. Louis on May 13, 1939, 60 years ago.  Just as so many refugees came from Europe and other parts of the world, they came to the United States. They came to a nation that has a Statue of Liberty that says, ``Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door.''  Mr. Speaker, the lamp may have been lifted, but the door was closed. That was a tragedy, not only for the 900 plus souls that sailed on the St. Louis, but as well for a Nation that perceived itself as a refuge from tyranny and despotism. They went, as the Chairman said, then to Cuba, and again, the door was closed. Both the United States and Cuba refused the ship entry.  It was, therefore, forced to return to Europe whence it came, where the passengers were dispersed, having no place to go, through several countries. And the tragedy is that a portion of those 936 souls were lost in the Holocaust,murdered because they were Jews, not because of any action they had taken, not because of any crime they had committed, but simply because of their religion and their national origin. An effort is being made to document the fate of these passengers through the use of worldwide archival materials, information provided by Jewish communities and other sources.  Mr. Speaker, Members of the Congress realize the importance of remembering the victims of the Holocaust and encouraging continuing public reflections on the evils which can occur and tragically are occurring in our world today.  Mr. Speaker, there are 435 of us in this House elected by our neighbors to represent them. Eleven million people by some counts, and far greater by others, including 6 million Jews, lost their lives before the Allies achieved victory and put an end to the Nazi death camps. And while the remembrance commemorates historical events, the issues raised by the Holocaust remain fresh in our memories as we survey the scene in several parts of the world, even today.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank and congratulate the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) for introducing this on the first day of our session. His leadership on this issue was important, and I know his commitment is as real as any in this body, because this is such an important resolution to pass.  Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of objection.  