Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Mississippi for yielding me this time. J.J. Chestnut, his wife Wen Ling, and his children, Joe Janece, Janet, Karen, William; Chris Eney and Vivian and their children; Detective John Gibson and Evelyn and Kristen, John and Daniel, their children, this is a wrenching day for them.  Mr. Speaker, we have gone through recently another weekend of personalizing the loss of someone that most of us did not know personally. The Nation grieves as John Fitzgerald Kennedy went down in an unexpected accident on the way to a wedding. In many respects, J.J. Chestnut and John Gibson were the same. They got up, they went to work, and they did not return.  One year ago this Friday, the Capitol Building was shaken by a maniacal and senseless shooting spree. This day reminds us once again that the risk is always present for those we ask to defend a free society. The vagaries of life are such that there are those either demented or angry or for whatever reasons that take unto themselves the opportunity to commit violence. And someone, too often many persons, pay the price.  We lost Officer Jacob J. Chestnut and Detective John Gibson so that many others might be safe and to indicate that the Capitol of the United States, Freedom's House, if you will, will not only be accessible but also protected, so that the citizens in our gallery, the citizens in the Rotunda, the citizens who visit seeking their constitutional right of redress to petition their government or simply to see Freedom's House, a beacon, as some have said, for all the world.  This past May, we rededicated the Capitol Police Headquarters in honor of Officer Chestnut, Detective Gibson and Officer Christopher Eney, who was the first Capitol Police Officer killed in the line of duty. This resolution complements the renaming of the headquarters building.  Henceforth, every tourist, staffer, Member or indeed head of state who is taken through that door, the Memorial Door, will remember the public service of these men and the ultimate sacrifices that each of them made.  While this resolution renaming the Document Door specifically honors Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson who died just inside the door or a few feet from it, the Memorial Door is in fact a tribute to all of the men and women of law enforcement who leave their homes each day and take to their duties to defend America's principles, to defend Americans, and to defend a civil and orderly society under law.  Just down the street from this building, Mr. Speaker, stands the Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Since last year's tragedy, the names of Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson have been added to a long list of fallen officers, including their colleague, Officer Eney, and others, from Prince Georges County, the county in which I lived for so long, the counties I now represent, and the counties and cities that every Member of this body represents who have lost sons and daughters, husbands and wives, friends and neighbors as they wore the badge and undertook the responsibility to defend freedom and a civil society.  In the last year, we have taken some very positive steps in ensuring that this type of incident does not happen again. While we can never guarantee that there is not another shooting, the security enhancement plan is an important step in the right direction.  With additional officers, acquisition of new equipment, and a restructuring of the department, we can work to decrease the chances of another shooting, another tragedy, while at the same time retaining the accessibility that the American public and the world have come to know and that this body wants to maintain.  Let us, Mr. Speaker, not forget the ultimate sacrifice that these two brave officers made. I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), so close to Detective Gibson and his family, so immediately affected by the senseless act of violence that took the life of Detective Gibson in the office of the gentleman from Texas, and those who knew Officer Chestnut, such a friendly, warm, engaging family man who cared about America, cared about his duty. We walked through that door and saw him so often and he was always pleasant, but always on alert.  I thank the gentleman from Texas for bringing this resolution forward. This solemn 1-year anniversary that we pass this resolution should be a reminder to us all that freedom is not free and some of our friends, some of our brothers and sisters, pay a very high price indeed.  