Chairman, I thank the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan) for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, like so many who have risen before me, I understand thatthe gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh) and the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan) and the committee are constrained by the dollars which have been allocated to their subcommittee for expenditure.  Having said that, that was the initial error. This bill ought not to be supported, because it is in the context, as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) pointed out, of being constrained by what the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh) and others have said is the 1997 Act. Yes, we voted on that act; but the fact is when we voted on that act we thought last year and this year would be in deficit. We thought we would not have balanced the budget by this time, consistent with OMB and CBO hypothesis at that time.  The context is different, and we ought not to do what we are doing, in my particular case, to NASA, basic science research.  I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2684. Over the past 7 years, NASA has restructured, reduced personnel without layoffs and reduced its costs over those 7 years by $35 billion. This is not an agency that did not give at the office and at home. I know the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh) knows that.  I am extraordinarily concerned. The agency has kept America at the forefront of science research. This bill severely cuts NASA by a billion dollars and undermines our role, in my opinion, as the world leader in science and technology.  In fact, according to administrator Dan Golden, two centers, if this budget were carried into place and followed, would have to be closed. The reduction of the research program will eliminate an estimated 600 grants to universities, NASA centers, and other agencies in every State, not just mine.  Bill Brody, the President of Johns Hopkins University, wrote to me expressing his concern about the NASA cuts. In his letter he states that 75 percent of Hopkins' applied physics laboratory space department is funded through sources cut by this bill, basic, top flight, world-class research.  I know the chairman does not want to cut that, but his bill does that.  Brody estimates that within the next year, Hopkins' ability to maintain core engineering capabilities will be crippled for years to come, and the bill threatens the loss of ongoing research and analysis.  According to the National Business Coalition for Federal Research, who also contacted me, and I quote, ``Republican cuts to scientific research under this bill are a recipe for failure.''  I agree. NASA funding made tracking the 1997 El Nino weather pattern easier and possible because of the satellite that followed its movement across the Pacific ocean. Clearly, our Nation's quality of life benefits from NASA's commitment to earth science research.  In my district, space science research programs are carried out by Goddard. Because my time is short, I will not be able to fully explain the consequences to Goddard, but let me say that this bill funds certain science and says to NASA Goddard, information can be collected through the Earth observation system but it then cuts the funding for the dissemination of that information on the Internet and throughout the country so that universities and scientific organizations can utilize the information we are collecting. That makes no sense.  I would say to my colleagues, we ought to reject this bill. We ought to send it back to committee, not because the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh) or the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan) have done anything wrong, but the constraints and the parameters that they were given were inappropriate, wrong, constrained, I would say, and add that as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) did, by a $792 billion tax cut proposal. If we have $792 billion, surely we have the money, surely we have the money, to fund, as my friend from New Jersey says, veterans adequately and surely basic science adequately.  I urge my colleagues to reject this bill.  