Chairman, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), the ranking member, who is the senior Member of this House, for yielding me this time.  His father introduced health care legislation long before I knew anything about what Congress was doing. He has followed in that distinguished tradition.  I congratulate the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) for his courage, his commitment, his focus to ensuring that patients and families and doctors had the opportunity to provide the medical care that the patients needed.  I rise in opposition to this amendment offered by one of the most distinguished and conscientious and honest Members of this House, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Houghton) and the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Graham).  I say to the gentleman, with all due respect, that we stand on the edge of an opportunity to pass historic legislation. This amendment will undermine that, not because this amendment, per se, is inherently bad, but because this amendment raises very complicated issues that, frankly, could have been raised in another way and could have been considered, in my opinion, much more straightforwardly and honestly as an amendment to the bill as opposed to a substitute to the bill.  I am reminded somewhat of what we did on campaign finance reform, not what the gentleman is doing, but the procedure that is being followed.  I urge my colleagues who have come this far to ensure that we complete this historic effort with the Norwood-Dingell bill and reject this amendment.  Vote overwhelmingly to pass this legislation. Let it go to conference where it will be worked on by, not only the Senate and the House, but by the President as well.  We will have an opportunity this year to do something that the American public will say is the best thing that we have done this year in ensuring that patients and doctors have the right and the opportunity to provide health care that the patients and doctors believe is necessary, not some third party. Defeat this substitute.  