 Mr. Chairman, this is not, as John McCain said, about Bill Clinton's credibility. This is not about the credibility of this Congress. It is about America's credibility. It is about NATO's credibility.  My colleagues heard me say on this House floor, after that 213 to 213 vote, that it was the lowest point in my congressional career. This Congress, in my opinion, did not stand for the principles for which this country stands at that hour. It did not stand for the kind of bipartisanship that we ought to have when we confront despots abroad.  Let me read from a speech by Margaret Thatcher just given a few days ago. She said this, I understand the unease that many feel about the way in which the operation began but those who agonize over whether what is happening in Kosovo today is really of sufficient importance to justify our military intervention gravely underestimate the consequences of doing nothing.  There is always a method in Milosevic's madness. He is a master at using human tides of refugees to destabilize his neighbors and weaken his opponents.  She went on to say, there are, in the end, no humanitarian wars. War is a serious and deadly business. The goal of this war, she said, is victory.  Let me read another two sentences. Mr. President, in a letter to the President, nothing could be worse than surrendering our principles, values and credibilities because we lack the will to do what it takes to win.  That letter went on to conclude, history, history, my friends, he said, will record that at the end of the 20th century the United States and its NATO allies had the means to defeat a brutal, belligerent but second rate dictator in Europe. The only question, he said, not yet answered is whether history will record that there was the will to do so.  That was a letter written by Bob Dole to the President of the United States just a few days ago.  The rhetoric of confronting a dictatorship, the rhetoric of standing up for human rights, the rhetoric committed to political self-determination is useless, without effect, hypocrisy, if we are not prepared in the final analysis to stand and fight for those beliefs.  This is, as John McCain has said, not about the credibility of Bill Clinton, not about the trust for this President. This is about the credibility of America.  I urge the defeat of this amendment and the support of this bill.  