Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Kucinich amendment. I have written a Dear Colleague letter at the request of the fire services of this country, both paid and volunteer. I understand that letter has been quoted from by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich) and perhaps others. I appreciate the reference of the gentleman from California.  The amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, as I think the gentleman from California has said, has an objective that all of us I think support. The issue is the impact of the legislation if not amended as the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich) proposed. I support the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich).  As cochair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, I want to share with the House what I believe this legislation's impact would be on fire fighters. Despite what this amendment would say, this legislation, absent the Kucinich amendment, might well endanger the lives of the brave men and women in the fire service.  Why? Why? Because I believe this amendment, if it fails to pass, the disclosure of hazardous material will decrease. Disclosure will decrease, and one of these days a fire fighter in the Members' districts or mine will have to respond to a fire or Hazmat incident, and they are not going to know what they are dealing with. That is critically important, that they have a prenotice and knowledge of what the fire may be dealing with, what causes it and what fumes are being presented by the fire, and other matters of critical safety concerns to our fire fighters. They are not going to know what they are dealing with, and someone is going to get hurt or killed.  While some argue that this legislation still allows a regulatory agency to fine the offending small business, that is not the point. I do not think any of us are really interested in fining small businesses. I know I am not. Any fine we can levy after the fact, however, is of little solace to many fire fighters or their surviving families.  Mr. Chairman, I am a strong proponent of small business. It is a critical element in our economy. I, too, want to relieve them from needless and redundant paperwork. In fact, we have done some things to accomplish that objective in years past. I, too, want to relieve them from having to pay onerous fines from accidental or inadvertent paperwork errors.  However, without this Kucinich amendment, I very much fear that the legislation will encourage and result in the failure to notify, consistent with local and national requirements, our local firefighting departments, paid or volunteer, of the hazards they may face in a critical situation where there would be no time to find out or to in fact solve the breach after the fact. So that is why I rise in support of the Kucinich amendment.  Mr. McINTOSH. Mr. Chairman, will the gentleman yield?  