Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking member, my colleague, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cummings), for his kind comments and for his leadership on this bill, and in particular for his leadership on ensuring the fact that we did not rob from Peter to pay Paul as it related to employee pay and benefits.  I also want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Scarborough), the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, for his leadership in facilitating this bill to the floor. He is motioning that Mr. Nesterczuk made him do it, but for whatever reasons, he did it. We are pleased; I want him to know that.  I also want to take the opportunity to congratulate my colleague, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Connie Morella), who, as the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Scarborough) said, is always in the forefront of advocating on behalf of our Federal employee work force.  Mr. Speaker, I would simply add this. The bill has been explained by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) herself, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Scarborough), the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cummings), and many Members on this floor talking about the necessity to recruit and retain good people. This will be a major recruitment tool, in my opinion, for the Federal Government because it will give the ability to Federal employers to say that first of all its employees can transfer whatever savings they now have in a 401(k) or similarly situated program from a tax standpoint and switch that into the Thrift Savings Plan.  The Thrift Savings Plan, which, by the way, was the creation of Senator Ted Stevens from Alaska and Congressman Bill Ford from Michigan, has been an extraordinarily good program for Federal employees. It was created in 1984 and took effect in 1987 as the integrated retirement system that we now have dealing with retirement and Social Security and the Thrift Savings Plan. Those three components now make up a Federal employees retirement benefit package.  So not only will we allow them to put their money in from previous programs, but in addition to that, we will let them do so from the very beginning of their employment. I think that is a critical aspect of this legislation. I think it will be an incentive for employees to come on board; and I congratulate the committee for bringing this legislation to the floor and will certainly support it enthusiastically.  