Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Banking and Financial Services.  (Mr. LaFALCE asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. LaFALCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H. Res. 101, and I urge support for the motion to recommit with instructions offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) to guarantee the minority control of at least one-third of the resources of all committees and one-third of disbursements from the reserve fund.  One would think that it is fairly clear that if the ratio in the full House of Representatives is approximately 51 percent to 49 percent, that at the very least the 49 percent should have at least one-third of the human resource allocations and one-third of the funding, but that is not the case, and that is why this resolution is so inherently unfair.  I think that my Committee on Banking and Financial Services is probably in better shape than most with respect to fairness, but even in my own case we have severe difficulties.  For example, in 1994 our committee had 93 slots. The committee's work has increased exponentially and we have reduced the number of slots to 65. Assume that we could understand and accept that, but there is a difficulty. Of the 65 slots, we who have 49 percent of the vote have but 19 of the 65 slots. That is not fundamental fairness. That is not fundamental fairness at all.  It is very difficult to do the job if there are inadequate resources. What is the job that we have to do? Broad housing and economic development jurisdiction, expansive consumer jurisdiction, broad authority over the regulation of financial services firms, substantial economic policy responsibilities, broad authority over all of the international development institutions and global economic issues.  We have one staff person who handles all consumer and community development issues; one detailee who handles international economic issues, since we cannot afford to actually hire appropriate staff.  I recommend approval of the motion to recommit with instructions and defeat of the committee funding resolution.  