Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution which, as the gentleman from Florida has so aptly pointed out, provides for authority to reprint four documents of particular interest. Those of us who have been around the Congress for most of our adult lives, either as students working here, as interns, or as Members and anything in between, know that although this seems like a mundane responsibility, authorizing the reprinting of four documents and the provision of copies to Members and to the public is a profound action.  It is profound because these documents are so profound. These documents have had a tremendous impact on not only the citizens of the United States, but, I would suggest, a great impact on all the world. I remember, as I am sure the gentleman from Florida remembers, when Vaclav Havel, the President of the Czech Republic, stood at the rostrum in front of the Speaker, and spoke about the emergence of Czechoslovakia from behind the Iron Curtain into freedom, both politically and economically, and democratically. He observed that two of the documents, the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, impelled the movement in Czechoslovakia from behind the Iron Curtain. Havel spoke dramatically about human rights, political rights, civil rights, and economic rights.  It is critically important that every American student, every American adult be familiar with the source documents of our Nation which articulate our principles and outline how we accomplish democracy, how we debate and resolve differences of opinion, how we, as minority leader often observes, substitute debate on this floor for bullets on a battlefield.  Debate is, in fact, the substitute for violence; it is the way we in America have, since the Civil War resolved our differences without bloodshed. It is a lesson for all the world, but particularly a lesson for our own people. The reprinting of these documents will provide a ready supply for Members to distribute and for the public to access.  So I join the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica) in supporting this very important resolution. I support him in his observations with reference to having available not only the pocket Constitution, but the annotated Constitution as well for the public and for Members so that we better understand the genius of our Founding Fathers and the contribution that American democracy makes to all the world.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  