Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, this is unlike any of the other amendments that are pending. This amendment deals with the most fundamental right of every American, each and every American, whether they live in the District of Columbia, Maryland, the State of Georgia. Wherever they may live, this deals with the fundamentals of our democracy.  I see the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Barr) on the floor who argued passionately to uphold the principles of the Constitution of the United States to the President of the United States. Conservatives correctly focus on the rights of minorities against what could be an oppressive government and rule by majority. Liberals correctly focus on the rights of individuals as they may be adversely affected by an oppressive majority.  Mr. Chairman, our Founding Fathers anticipated that problem because they dealt with an oppressive king against whose judgment there was no appeal. So in that most basic document of, really, world government, the Constitution of the United States, I say world government to the extent that all the world looks at it as a model, we guarantee to citizens the right to redress of their grievances through the courts of this land, not because we agree with what they seek, but because we believe it is fundamental to prevent governmental abuse and the denigration of the rights of each and every American. This deals with our most fundamental rights.  Let me say, the chairman says that this was considered last year, was included in the bill. He said that Tuesday night on the floor. But the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Istook) knows full well that this was in a bill of about $400 billion in appropriation, eight appropriation bills.  The President opposed this provision, but clearly could not veto that bill in the last days of our session, as we were about to leave town in October before the election. So he signed, yes, the bill, but not because he agreed with this provision. Very frankly, no Member has debated this provision.  Secondly, he says there was a vote in committee. I was shocked, saddened, chagrined to find every conservative voting with a provision that says to citizens of America, you cannot go to court and use your corporate funds to do so.  I tell my colleagues, Oklahoma City goes to court using taxpayers' funds to redress grievances against the Federal Government. I tell my colleagues that happens in Tulsa as well. It happens in Baltimore. It happens in San Francisco and L.A. and Chicago. Large and small cities, counties, and States bring suits against the Federal Government for the redress of grievances.  Is that not a fundamental American right? How can we say in this bill, corporately, the District of Columbia, through its government, not with our funds, not with Federal dollars, with their own funds, cannot redress the grievance and say our representative on the floor of the House of Representatives ought to have a vote. That is our constitutional right.  Is it our position that we will say, no, we disagree with that objective; and, therefore, they cannot go to court?  The gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Istook) says, oh, well, we are not doing that. Shoot, they can get pro bono expenses. They can get people to donate it, or they can get private donations. They can. The gentleman is correct. So can every other State, county, and municipality in America.  Would any of my colleagues support legislation which says that Tulsa or Oklahoma City or Baltimore or Upper Marlboro could not bring suit for the redress of grievances and saying that something is either against the Constitution or against the Federal statute or against the regulation? I cannot believe my colleagues would do that. This is so fundamental to what we believe about our country.  I want to tell my colleagues, I was chairman of the Helsinki Commission until 1995, and I traveled to Sophia in Bulgaria. Bulgaria would not tell Sophia, the capital of Bulgaria, they cannot bring suit. They would under the Communist government, because one could not bring suit at all. That made us really different.  Bucharest in Romania the same thing, Warsaw in Poland, Prague in Czechoslovakia.  