Speaker, I will be offering a motion to recommit at the conclusion of the consideration of this bill. The motion to recommit is not debatable, so I am explaining it at this time to all Members.  The majority has included in this bill a provision which will strike the comparability adjustment for Members of Congress by 3.4 percent. The fact of the matter is that that provision will have no impact on Social Security and no impact on the deficit and, I point out to all the Members, no impact on Members.  The reason it will have no impact on Members is because the Constitution precludes reducing a Member's compensation during the term of his or her office.  Therefore, we are reliably informed that this provision will not take effect until January 1, 2001. It is, therefore, simply self-flagellation which will not adversely affect us. But we will pretend to the public that it will; and we will, therefore, add to the cynicism of the public as we rhetorically say we are beating our chest and not taking a pay raise, when in fact it will occur on January 1, 2000.  So I would say to my friends on both sides of the aisle, we adopted an adjustment of pay. Why did we do it? Because for 5 out of the 6 years we had nottaken an adjustment, which means that the 2.3 percent that we received in 1998, if divided by six, was a four-tenths of a percent adjustment per year.  Certainly, I would hope that none of my constituents, nor any of my colleagues', would think that was an unreasonable adjustment in salaries for the service given.  My colleagues, the 3.4 percent, as all of us know, is 1.4 percent, or about 35 percent, less than Federal employees will receive and less than the military will receive. That is appropriate. We want to take less to ensure that the public knows we are not here for money's sake. But it is fair to keep us even.  I would hope my colleagues realize that the inclusion of this language will have a pretense to the public that we are doing something adverse to ourselves and trying to tighten our own belts. But because it is a pretense and when they find that it does not happen, they will be cynical.  Very frankly, I do not think anybody thinks this is going to happen anyway, which is also adding to the cynicism of the public.  I urge all Members to vote for the motion to recommit.  