J. Res. 86, which will renew the import ban we first imposed on Burma in 2003.  The Burmese Freedom and Democracy Act was our response to the reprehensible attack on the National League for Democracy which occurred on May 30, 2003, and the arrest of many NLD officials, including their leader, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.  I worked with my colleagues, Senator McConnell and Senator Baucus, to develop and pass that legislation. We authorized a ban on imports from Burma for 3 years, subject to annual renewal by Congress.  Well, the 3 years are about to end, and unfortunately the situation inBurma has not improved. The latest report from the State Department notes the continuation of killings and rape, use of forced labor, forced conscription, arrests and disappearances of political activists, and other abuses by the ruling military junta. And on May 23, 2006, the ruling junta extended for another year the unjustified house arrest of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi. To renew trade with Burma now would send exactly the wrong signal. We need to renew the import ban as a visible demonstration to the ruling junta that their actions are unacceptable and that they must change their ways.  We also need to encourage other nations to take strong action. The European Union has imposed some sanctions. Canada, Australia, Japan, and Norway also have some restrictions in place. I think they should each join us in doing more. Other nations should be acting as well, in particular, China. I urge the administration to continue engaging our trading partners to join us in strengthening sanctions against the ruling military junta. We need to work together in order to spur meaningful democratic reform in Burma.  For these reasons, I support authorizing the import ban for another 3 years, and I support the outright renewal of the import ban for another year. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of H.J. Res. 86 and getting it to the President's desk for his signature as soon as possible.  