 President, we are back at taxes once again. What the people of this country are going to be hearing in the debate for the most part is very similar to what we discussed in this Chamber back in the second and third week of November of last year. Thinking of how to give a picture to this debate, I picked as a starting point the fact that tomorrow is Groundhog Day. I think you see a portrait of Punxsutawney Phil, the famous groundhog. Tomorrow, is he going to see his shadow? If he does, then we have 6 more weeks of winter. If he doesn't, then spring is here. I guess that is the way it has been for 100 years or maybe longer.  Punxsutawney is in Pennsylvania, and Phil is the name of the groundhog. In thinking of Phil and his impending weather report, I also thought of a popular film entitled ``Groundhog Day,'' which starred Bill Murray, in which a man relives the same day, Groundhog Day, over and over and over. This film has taken on greater significance for me as I seem to be in a similar situation. More than just a sense of deja vu, I feel I am reliving a past experience because starting this hour, we are going to begin debate on a Senate tax reconciliation bill. Yet I seem to remember that we had this debate. I referred to these debates in the first words of my time when I said that we did this starting Wednesday, November 16, 2005. That was at 3:35 Wednesday afternoon. We took up S. 2020, the Tax Relief Act of 2005. I want to hold this up here. This isn't just any little document we took up; it is a tax bill, expiring provisions. Everything in this, when we were discussing this on November 16, was reenacting provisions that sunset December 31, 2005, so that there would not be an automatic tax increase on the American people. We are in a situation that if we don't get this done pretty soon and a year from now people are filing their taxes for 2006 and 2007, they are going to have big tax increases. One that is very obvious to everybody is the alternative minimum tax, which I will discuss in a minute. The alternative minimum tax is going to hit no fewer than 14 million people and maybe as many as 19 million people who would not otherwise be paying the alternative minimum tax. All these people would be basically middle-income Americans. The alternative minimum tax was meant to hit very wealthy people who took advantage of every tax relief available or every tax loophole that was legally available within the Tax Code and still didn't pay any taxes, that they ought to pay some tax. So it was referred to as the alternative minimum tax so that everybody, regardless of how wealthy they might be or how high their income might be, paid a little something into the income tax fund for the privilege of living in America. That privilege is a constitutional right, but everybody contributes something to it. That was the theory behind it.  Well, that was not indexed. And since that wasn't indexed, we have to change the Tax Code from time to time so it doesn't apply to more people. Actually, the thing ought to be repealed because it is not serving the purpose it was intended to serve.  First of all, it was not meant to hit middle-income taxpayers. Secondly, a lot of people today, because they hire the right people to do their income tax, have legally found ways of avoiding the alternative minimum tax. So it is not even hitting the people it was supposed to hit. Yet it is hitting millions of people it was never intended to hit. How you keep tax policy like that on the books, I don't know. I would like to repeal it. If I could get 51 votes to repeal it, that would be my first amendment. But under the way we do things in the Senate and the points of order that can be made, I am not apt to get that sort of an approach. So what we do is, we kick the can down the road.  I wish to get back to this history--deja vu--of seeing the shadow and the Groundhog Day and all that stuff to give you the history of why the question is, Why are we going through this now on February 1 and 2, and it will probably carry over into next week, to February 4, 5, and 6? Why are we going through this when we spent all that time back in November doing exactly the same thing?  The rules of the Senate provide the minority--or maybe I should say not just the minority, every Member, but in this case it looks to me as if it is mostly the minority which is taking advantage of it--certain motions that have to be given to get to conference to iron out the differences between the House and the Senate. In this case, the minority is going to take full advantage of that even if we redo all the debate.  I will bet you can take speeches out of November 2005 and you will read the same speeches today and tomorrow and next Monday and Tuesday in the debate on this bill. If you take outspeeches of a month ago and can repeat them, there is no end to the speech-making you can do in this body. We started this debate at 3:35 on Wednesday, November 16, 2005. We took up this bill, S. 2020. As we were considering this bill, we dealt with 80 different amendments. They were filed. Maybe we didn't deal with 80, but at least there were 80 ideas out there by people who wanted to change this bill. They were filed. Now, seven of them were agreed to. It was a very lively debate. It culminated in 18 rollcall votes about whether amendments ought to be included in the bill or whether there ought to be final passage. We finally got to final passage at 12:05 a.m., Friday, November 18.  According to the Secretary of the Senate, at least 97 of us were there at that midnight hour to vote on this bill, so I am not the only one reliving this experience. There are going to be 97 Senators who were there at midnight on November 18--or I guess you would say that Friday morning at 12:05 a.m. As we considered the Senate amendment to the House version of this bill--the House version is the Tax Relief Extension Reconciliation Act of 2005--I have to ask myself--but in a sense, I am asking each of the Members--why are we still here? Didn't we already go through this exercise? Are we not finished with the Senate debate?  I conclude that there is no rational reason for still being here because, normally, it would be a unanimous consent motion that we ought to go to conference to work out the differences between the House and Senate. Unless you do that, you never get anything to the President. It has to pass both bodies in identical form. That is usually a pro forma operation here. We could have done that in 5 minutes--Senator Baucus and I--or the leaders could have done that, but we are still here because maybe people want to slow up the process. Maybe they don't want to get to the asbestos bill next week, which is very important to get to. The fact is, we already went through this exercise, and we ought to be finished with the Senate debate, but we are not.  In the face of a multitude of other important issues this body needs to deal with, does the Democratic leadership really want to reenact recent debates and resuscitate old talking points? Our tax reconciliation bill already passed, and not just by Republican votes because 64 of us voted for that, including 15 Democrats. The only way you get anything done in the Senate, because of protection of minority rights, which the Constitution allows, is by bipartisanship; otherwise, nothing gets done. So we had bipartisanship on this bill.  While I believe this legislation is extremely important, and I will, as chairman of the committee and manager of the bill, debate it as long as is necessary, quite frankly, as I have indicated in my points, I question the necessity of going through a long process that resulted in the bipartisan passage of the same bill just 2 months ago. So that is my first point.  This is a very curious exercise. It is an exercise with no purpose, no apparent purpose other than simply delay. Is the delay on the part of the Democratic leadership important? The answer is yes. Ask the American taxpayers, and you will get an answer. The answer is yes, if you are one of almost 20 million families waiting for certainty that you are not going to be caught up in the clutches of the alternative minimum tax.  We hear a lot about the AMT, the alternative minimum tax. You will hear about it in this debate over the next few hours. This bill does something about the AMT: it extends the hold-harmless provisions so those 14 million, up to 19 million Americans won't get hit with it. I have a chart here that will tell you exactly the number of people in the respective States, based upon the previous year, 2003, so it doesn't add up to the 14 million to 19 million people we think will be hit by 2006. But the number of people who will be hit by it in my State of Iowa is 65,813.  In the State of Nevada, even more people--68,273 people--are going to be hit by it. Why would anybody from Nevada not want to do something yesterday rather than tomorrow about the alternative minimum tax? As I said, these numbers understate what this problem is today because there are going to be a lot more people getting hit by it.  The basis of the bill the Senate passed, and the bill that is once again before us, is an extension of the alternative minimum tax hold-harmless provision. So every Member who is participating in this deliberate strategy of delaying--delaying our entrance into the conference with the House of Representatives is delaying the certainty these millions of American taxpayers deserve.  I emphasize the word ``certainty'' as far as the Tax Code is concerned. There is nothing that does more economic good than knowing what the future holds in the way of taxes as it affects spending and investment. So if you want to improve the economy of this country, if you want to keep this economy strong, certainty of tax policy is very important.  These are the facts on the AMT. Look it up in the Internal Revenue Code. The AMT relief provision expired already, on December 31, 2005. I ask my friends in the Democratic leadership to take a look at the calendar. One month now has passed, and the AMT hold-harmless provision has not been extended. That is the cornerstone of this very massive piece of legislation. It also happens to be the cornerstone of a bill the Democratic leadership is delaying. So I don't want to hear folks talk about some sort of AMT problem and at the same time delay real action to help those millions of taxpaying families.  This bill goes way beyond helping people who would be hurt by the AMT. It also includes popular and broadly applicable tax benefits. I wish to talk about some of them and talk about them individually and use charts as I move along.  For instance, the deductibility of college tuition is a very important part of that 2001 tax bill. This is a benefit for families sending their kids to college. By definition, this benefit is geared toward helping middle-income families who always have a hard time educating their kids. They might not qualify for Pell grants or guaranteed student loans, yet they need help to send their kids to college because they are not millionaires. These are not high-income people. They get the full benefit of the deduction if they make up to $65,000 as a single person and up to $130,000 as a couple. Beyond these levels, the benefit phases out. A lot of these folks are paying significant Federal, State, and local taxes, and they get no help in defraying the high costs of a college education for their kids. This tax deduction helps provide and helps these hard-pressed, middle-income families with a benefit, and it furthers a very important national goal of supporting higher education--not an end in itself, but to keep America competitive in the global economy.  This deduction runs out at the end of this year. It did run out December 31, 2005, but we have to be ahead of the curve as people plan to send their kids to college. Will this be around for 2007? Not unless this bill passes. So these folks are going to face a tax increase without even a vote of the Congress. Automatically, taxes are going to go up if we don't enact this piece of legislation which we already passed back in November.  Here I have a chart that shows for each Member how many families in their respective States are going to be hit next year if we don't enact this legislation. Again, I will speak to my State of Iowa, where the number is 37,364 taxpayers. In Nevada, it is 25,776 taxpayers. Why would anybody want Nevada taxpayers to pay more taxes? And why would you not want them to know that today rather than tomorrow? Why not get this bill to conference and get this issue behind us so that the taxpayers in Nevada know that in the year 2007, their families are going to be able to take advantage of the college tuition exemption from the income tax? Once again, in that particular State, it is 25,000 families.  There is another benefit that is addressed in this bill, S. 2020. It is called the small savers credit. Here I am talking about a tax credit for low-income people to save through an IRA or a pension plan. We are talking about people who don't know about saving or don't have the ability to save, that we are going to give an incentive to save and can get an ethic for saving because saving for retirement is something notenough Americans have done and particularly not enough low-income Americans have done. So as a matter of public policy, to encourage savings for people who cannot afford to save or don't have the ethic to save, give them an incentive to save through the small savers credit. We all think that savings is important. We all want low-income people to save for retirement.  I have a chart that shows the number of low-income savers who benefit in this bill on a State-by-State basis, which benefit won't be there if we don't pass this, or it is being delayed by 4 or 5 days because we have to go through the same debate we went through back in November.  Again, in my State of Iowa, there are 95,000 people who could take advantage of this small saver's credit but who will not be able to.  Let's take another State, Nevada. There are 36,923 people who are low income who will not be able to take advantage of this provision.  Again, if you want to establish an ethic for saving, you should not pass tax policy to encourage that ethic for saving and then sunset it and expect people to establish a lifelong pattern of saving. You cannot stop and start tax policy and expect people to develop an ethic to conform to saving, and I believe we all think the ethic of saving is very important.  The bill before us will also extend a tax deduction for teachers who buy their own supplies for their students. I think this provision was developed in the 2002 tax bill by Senators Warner and Collins to give teachers who go that extra mile by paying out-of-pocket expenses some help through the Tax Code.  Who is going to argue with that? One might argue that we ought to pay teachers more, so they don't have to do that. We ought to appropriate more money for schools so they don't have to buy the supplies out of their pockets. But we have 40,000 school districts in the country, and we are not going to be able to make policy here for every school district. We know that some teachers are so devoted to their students that they are going to spend some of this money out of their pockets, so Senators Collins and Warner came up with this idea of a tax credit for teachers who pay for supplies out of pocket.  Again, on a State-by-State basis, I have a chart that shows how many teachers benefit from this provision. I will pick out Nevada again. Nevada has 21,853 teachers who took advantage of this provision. In Iowa, we had 33,812 teachers take advantage of this provision. Why wouldn't you want teachers who devote a life to a profession at relatively low pay--compared to what other people with the same amount of education get in other segments in the economy--because they are devoted to doing good or they wouldn't be teaching in the first place--why would you want to question this so they won't have it this year?  Right now those teachers are buying supplies and probably don't think the least bit that Congress would have sunsetted this legislation on December 31, 2005. So they are going out and buying all these supplies thinking they are getting a deduction, and then when they file their income tax a year from now, they are going to be surprised.  I wish I could tell every one of them that the Democratic leadership won't let us go to conference so we can keep that provision. I am not going to be able to tell all 33,000 teachers in Iowa. They are going to find it out the rude way when they go to file their income tax. I would really like to tell the teachers in Nevada about this as well.  We don't have to have this problem. All we have to do is get to conference. We can get to conference in 5 minutes and work these provisions out, and by next week, we can have this bill to the President of the United States, or give us another week to work out the differences between the House and the Senate. We can get this all worked out, get the bill to the President, and we don't have to worry about that.  There is another point. We all think of small business. There are small business provisions in this bill, S. 2020, that passed the Senate by a bipartisan vote at the midnight hour way back in November, and here we are piddling around with procedural motions to get to conference.  Everybody advocates small business because it creates 70 to 80 percent of the new jobs in America. This bill would extend the small business expensing. Many small businesses use this benefit to buy equipment on an efficient aftertax basis. It is good for small business, it is good for small business workers, and it is good for economic growth.  I have a chart on a very important issue, at least to the people of Alaska, Florida--and Nevada, again, is going to benefit--South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Washington, and Wyoming. This is because we established in the tax bill the deductibility of State and local taxes. This bill will help 12.3 million taxpayers in these States--Alaska, Florida, Nevada, Washington, Texas, South Dakota, Tennessee, and Wyoming. Tennessee is involved. It is the home of our distinguished leader. Senator Frist has worked very hard to get this bill to the floor, and for the second time. He is frustrated because we can't move this along.  Nevada is one of these States. It is the home of my friend, the Democratic leader. Unfortunately, the Democratic leader has fought this bill tooth and nail, even though his constituents benefit from it, particularly in this instance with the deductibility of State and local taxes.  I ask them to focus on the taxpayers of their respective States, whether they are from Alaska, Florida, Nevada, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Washington, or Wyoming, to get this bill passed so their taxpayers will know their local and State sales taxes can be deducted. I hold out hope that the Democratic leadership will see the light. I hope they will work with me to see their folks in their State will be able to deduct these State and local taxes this year and know they can do it very soon this year.  These provisions are bipartisan and millions of American taxpayers rely on them. Every Senator ought to help us pass this bill for these provisions alone.  The bill before us addresses expiring business and individual provisions that I have not talked about yet, what we call extenders. These provisions include research and development tax credits and the work opportunity tax credit, just to mention a couple.  This bill also includes many of the charitable incentives that were introduced in what we refer to as the CARE Act and which have previously passed the Finance Committee and previously passed the Senate. I appreciate the work of Senator Santorum and Senator Baucus in working with me to balance these incentives with several of the much needed reforms that are supported by the charitable sector, the Treasury Department, the IRS, the donors, and the taxpayers to make sure charitable giving and the tax exemption for it serves the purpose intended and that charitable organizations use the money that was donated to them for the purpose they asked for it.  Beyond the CARE Act, this bill contains loophole closures and tax shelter fighting provisions that raise revenue.  This bill is bipartisan. I have not thanked my friend and ranking member, Senator Baucus, for his cooperation. We had cooperation going way back when we first started working on this bill in the summer of last year so we could be ahead of the curve. He and I, when we first started, were not partners, but we teamed up in the Finance Committee. We teamed up in the first Groundhog Day floor debate and, as always, his cooperation and, more important with something as serious as this, his good humor makes a difference.  I thank those Democratic Senators, and that is 13 others besides Senator Baucus, who joined me in a bipartisan effort on our first floor journey. I ask them to help me persuade their leaders to let this bill proceed. I ask them to ask their leaders to focus on taking care of the legislative business and put a damper on the political games that appear to me to be nothing but going through what we went through last November. We waste enough taxpayer money. There is no point wasting it again, duplicating the debate of 3 days back in November.  We can move on to other important items, including a lot of items the Democrats want us to bring up on the floor of the Senate. I yield the floor.  