 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  I will make some additional points on the Dorgan tax haven included in the Conrad substitute. I share Senator Conrad's concerns about the ability of large corporations to manipulate the Tax Code, to shift large amounts of profit offshore, but this provision is not the right way to address those concerns. It is very overbroad and inadequate. It is overbroad because it harms the competitiveness of United States multinationals, repealing deferral for holding company structuresthat allow them to efficiently allocate active foreign generated resources among their foreign operations without incurring U.S. tax on entirely foreign transactions.  It is inadequate because it applies only to the subsidiaries in black-listed countries. Companies that use tax savings for abusive purposes could easily avoid this rule by locating in a low-tax country that is not on the list.  Ireland would be a perfect example of that, where we read press reports that companies such as Microsoft are shifting huge profits. Treasury would have authority to add countries to the list, but does anyone think Ireland, with whom we already have a tax treaty, would be added to that black list? The way to deal with those cases is through effective transfer pricing policy and enforcement, not by curtailing deferrals.  Another issue that is going to be soon before us is the Democratic substitute of revenue raisers that are in our bill. I am flattered by the tax relief side of Senator Conrad's substitute amendment since it includes extension of the same widely applicable tax relief provisions in the underlying bill.  I should also be flattered, and I am, by some of the pay-fors in that amendment--in particular, the provisions regarding the so-called SILO transactions. It is a fact that we shut down the abusive tax shelters that involve U.S. corporations claiming tax benefits on foreign subways and sewer systems in 2004. So these deals can no longer be done. The underlying bill would repeal a generous grandfather provision for certain domestic deals and would deny benefits for foreign deals entered into before the effective date of the JOBS Creation Act of 2004.  We have introduced a fully offset tax relief bill in the past. Most recently, that act of 2004 produced $82 billion of tax relief that was completely offset. The underlying bill, in fact, contains almost $20 billion of offsets while providing $90 billion in broad-based tax relief. We do not need any more offsets to pay for the lost AMT revenue that we never intended to collect and for other provisions, such as the R&D credit, for example, that are broadly supported as good for the economy.  We all know tax receipts are on the rise. In 2005, we had $274 billion more coming in over the taxes that came in in 2004 under the same tax policy, and we exceeded the CBO baseline by--can you believe it--$97 billion. It is a very vibrant economy which produces that kind of revenue. That amount, whether it is the $274 billion in 2005 over 2004 or the $97 billion above the CBO baseline, that amount exceeds the $70 billion of reconciled tax relief over 5 years provided in the budget resolution.  So I hope we will be able to take these points I have just made about the inadequacies of the amendments we are going to be dealing with when we vote on these amendments.  I would now, Mr. President, speak on the issue of an amendment I am going to place before the Senate this afternoon. In fact, I will submit this amendment at this point.  I wish to take just a few minutes, in offering this amendment, to speak about amendments that are also offered by Senator Bingaman and Senator Nelson regarding the Medicare prescription drug program. I thank the Senators for their amendments. I know their intentions are good and their hearts are in the right place. But having said that, I am forced to oppose the amendments, and my reasons follow.  Opponents of the benefit are trying to make it look as if Republicans are indifferent to the problems of the implementing part of the Medicare program. Such is not the case because everyone has to be concerned about the issues faced by some beneficiaries in getting their prescription drugs, even if that might be a very small percentage of the people who are involved. Whoever needs these prescriptions, we have to do everything we can to get them to them.  Like everybody else, I am concerned about the drug benefit implementation issues. It is not acceptable that some of the most vulnerable and frail seniors are experiencing problems. But my opposition to the amendments is rooted in the goal of not just taking some action, but that we need to take the right action when we act. There is no question that Congress meddling could just make things worse.  With that in mind, I want to share with you the following quote as to another new program that was getting underway:       As the program gets under way the danger is that the      strains on it will generate pressures for unsound change.      They will come from those who will be disappointed because      they have been led to expect too much as well as from those      who see failure in every shortcoming. Changes will come in      time, but they should be made on the basis of the program's      own experience. This program must be given ample time to get      over its growing pains.  Now, that is not about the prescription drug bill that is just now going into effect. That is a quote from the July 1, 1966, edition of the New York Times, and it is about the implementation of the original underlying Medicare Program passed by Congress a year before this July 1 edition of the New York Times.  Now, when I read that quote of 1966 just now, it said ``the program'' instead of ``Medicare'' because I did not want to give it away. The point of this editorial is that those words are extremely relevant today.  I am not trying to make excuses or minimize the difficulties some are having. Those problems need to be fixed, and fixed fast. By all accounts, everyone is working hard to get them resolved. But in my opinion--echoed by the New York Times nearly 40 years ago--rushing to ``fix'' things through legislation could do more harm than good.  Just last week, the Finance Committee, in a bipartisan setting--with almost every member of the Finance Committee there--had a meeting with Secretary Leavitt and CMS Administrator Mark McClellan. We had a candid discussion about the unfortunate glitches, and we heard about steps taken by the agency to address them. We had a very constructive dialog. That dialog covered a range of issues the Agency had identified and the administration's actions already taken to address them.  It is clear to me legislation is not needed at this time. Secretary Leavitt has the authority. Current law allows him to have a smooth transition. And administrative actions will work faster than if we pass this legislation. That is because changes in law have to be followed by more administrative actions. This is very much going to slow things down. That is not what we want. We want, need, and will get quick action.  The issues that have surfaced do not lend themselves to legislative fixes. For example, we talked about problems in the data files. The data files have not always identified the plan where a dual eligible is enrolled. Obviously, that is a problem. But can Congress write a law to dictate exactly how to fix computer system data files? That is not something I would want to do. There is an opportunity for getting something wrong, if I ever saw an opportunity for Congress to do something wrong.  But more importantly, these amendments are unnecessary. Senator Bingaman's amendment gets at issues that have already been addressed administratively. CMS has the authority to address these that way. And it will get fixed faster than if we pass additional legislation.  So I am going to offer a sense-of-the-Senate resolution. That resolution expresses our concerns about these problems, and it expresses the Senate's support for the Agency's efforts to fix them.  For example, prescription drug plans must have a first-fill policy. The first-fill policy already requires at least 30 days of coverage for the first prescriptions filled, even if the drugs are not on the plan's formulary. And just yesterday, Secretary Leavitt announced that the first-fill policy is being extended further. It is now going to be in place for 60 or 90 days as a first-fill policy. The Bingaman amendment requires only a 30-day policy. So it is already out of date. The administrative actions are much faster. Changes in law are not needed to address the issue.  Now, here is another one. The Bingaman amendment says that dual-eligible beneficiaries, whom we call dual eligibles, should be presumptively eligible. But the dual eligibles are already automatically eligible under the law, and they are automatically assigned to a plan. So again, no change in law is required.  Another example. The Bingaman amendment says it would require plans to reimburse enrollees for cost-sharingproblems. Here again, plans are already responsible for the costs to cover drugs. They are responsible for reimbursing beneficiaries for any cost-sharing charged in error. No change in law is required.  Let me give you another one. Some States have stepped up to fill claims during the transition. The Bingaman amendment requires States to be reimbursed for their costs. This is already happening. Last week, Secretary Leavitt announced that the Federal Government will reimburse States for costs they have incurred during the transition period. We were told that that day we met with Secretary Leavitt. I do not know exactly when Senator Bingaman was there, but he was there for that meeting. Not every Senator stayed for every minute of the meeting, but Secretary Leavitt made this very clear. So again, legislation is not needed because administrative action is being taken, with the legal authority of the Secretary to do it. So no additional legislation is needed.  Senator Nelson's amendment would extend the enrollment period through the end of the year and permit beneficiaries to change once before the end of the year. We have discussed this amendment before. The Senate has already voted twice, and we voted it down twice. And changing the enrollment period does nothing to address any of the issues experienced by beneficiaries just this last month.  We are well into the enrollment period. Enrollment is exceeding expectations. Twenty-four million beneficiaries out of 44 million, potentially, have prescription drug coverage. Every day, nearly 90,000 beneficiaries are enrolling in the program, and about 1 million prescriptions are being filled daily. So again, legislation is not needed.  There are a number of resources for beneficiaries to help them choose a plan. There is the Medicare call center. It is available 24 hours a day, and the Medicare Web site. Every State has counselors available to assist beneficiaries through the State Health Insurance Information Program. That is the whole point of that program--the SHIIP program, it is called for short--to help beneficiaries understand their Medicare benefits. The prescription drug plans based their proposals to serve Medicare beneficiaries on the enrollment period specified in the law.  In addition, there are already rules in place under which a beneficiary can change their enrollment outside of the open enrollment period. A beneficiary can seek what is called a special election period if that is needed for that individual--for example, if a plan fails to provide a beneficiary with information about the plan's benefits on a timely basis, or if it fails to provide benefits in line with quality standards, or if the plan, its agent, or plan provider materially misrepresents the plan in marketing that plan. So in all of these instances, there can be a special enrollment period or an opportunity to change.  So again, we do not need legislation. These are issues already covered in the law today.  I want to make another point about what is going on with these amendments. There was a time when opponents of this benefit were concerned that there wouldn't be enough choice. Now their concern is that there is too much choice. When we were in conference with the House on this 2 years ago, we were fearful there might not be a choice for people. So we provided if there wasn't a choice, the Secretary set up a subsidized choice so that every individual could at least choose from two. We wanted people to have choice. We followed the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan where people have the choice of many plans to choose from, and they get to change once a year. We wanted to make sure we didn't cram anything down any senior citizen's throat. If they didn't want to participate, if they were satisfied with Medicare the way it was, they didn't have to. But if they wanted to participate, they elected.  You don't write one plan for 44 million seniors because everybody has different benefits. And one-third of the people already had some prescription drug coverage. We didn't want to screw up their plans. So we subsidized those plans so that those people who had something they wanted would be able to keep it. I don't know when you satisfy people. I didn't think there would be enough choice. Now we are hearing complaints about too many choices. There are 44 million Americans; there are 44 million different personal needs of those people. We, sitting on the floor of the Senate, are not going to figure out what those 44 million needs are and pass a one-size-fits-all plan that is going to satisfy the needs of everybody.  The point is, the opponents of this new benefit will complain and fight it no matter what happens. I hope everyone remembers that. I also find it ironic that folks think that legislation is the answer. These are the same people who are concerned about confusion. Now they are proposing legislative changes in a bill that has only been in operation for 1 month, on top of administrative actions that the agency has already taken. They want to screw that up with legislation on the floor of the Senate with changes that will have no impact on any of the problems encountered this last month, legislation that would have to be followed by yet more administrative action, a snowball rolling down the hill, just getting more complicated as it rolls on.  I ask whether this is going to help these perceived problems. Well, not just perceived problems; I admitted there are problems out there. I admitted when you put something like this into place, there are growing pains, just like I quoted that New York Times article from 1966 about the growing pains that we were going to have with Medicare when it was first put in place. Do you think these things are going to smooth the transition? I don't think so. Talk about opportunity for confusion among beneficiaries, pharmacists, and plans. This is not going to reduce the confusion.  Passing legislation now runs the very real risk of undermining and complicating things. It can undermine the progress already made. It will interrupt actions taken by the administration. It will create more problems, not fewer problems. I, for one, have a steadfast commitment to gaining a full understanding of the problems and pursuing the most appropriate and timely course of action.  When the Secretary came before my committee and everybody turned out to make their complaints known, and the Secretary announced at that time seven problems and he announced at that time seven solutions to those problems and took full responsibility for them, I had a feeling people left that meeting fairly satisfied that nobody was going to blame somebody else and they had a grasp of the problems and solving problems, with some accountability that some changes had already taken place for the better.  So then when you come out of an environment of a committee meeting like that, you wonder what planet they have been on when these amendments are being offered--amendments that, if they were passed, would not get to the President for another 30 days--to solve problems that were evident 30 days ago that the Secretary has already identified and taken action to overcome.  Senator Baucus and I are working together to get to the bottom of this issue. That is how we do it in our committee. We do it in a bipartisan way so that we are going to also be able to work together if it turns out that legislation is needed. But I asked the Secretary at that very committee meeting: Do you need any legislative changes to take care of these problems that we have all identified, particularly the seven that he identified? He said: No, he had ample legislative authority to do it.  An important part of Senator Baucus's and my work in this regard is going to be brought up at next week's Finance Committee hearing, an open hearing. We will hear from Dr. McClellan. We will hear from representatives of the plans. We will hear from pharmacies. We are, most importantly, going to hear from the people involved in educating and enrolling beneficiaries into the plan. More than once I have heard Members take issue with attempts to bypass the committee process. The amendments before us are just that.  Senator Bingaman's amendment has not gone through the Finance Committee. It is clear that this amendment falls within the jurisdiction of the Finance Committee, and the Senator from New Mexico is a member of that committee. I ask him to work withinthe committee. If the Senate proceeds on legislation that the full committee has not considered, then nothing would prevent the Senate from legislating on other Finance Committee issues without the benefit of hearings or committee action.  Next week's hearing is very important. We need to gather more information about what is happening. This is needed to inform all of us of any necessary response. In the absence of such information gathering, it is dangerously premature to consider any amendments related to the prescription drug program. We all know that this whole issue of Medicare prescription drug coverage has long been a political issue. With the amendments offered today, I can't help but think that is very unfortunate. It is also unfortunate that is probably not going to change during the 109th Congress.  On the other hand, I hope that is not the case. But here we are, just 1 month into the prescription drug program, already we see a lineup of amendments to perhaps the most inappropriate vehicle there could ever possibly be to deal with Medicare. In other words, these amendments are on a tax bill. But more importantly than just the process, these amendments are unnecessary because of administrative actions taken to date or to be taken tomorrow, if a new problem comes up.  When these amendments that I have discussed--the Bingaman and Nelson amendments--come up for a vote, I hope my colleagues will trust what we learned in the committee: that the Secretary of HHS doesn't need any new legislative authority, consequently bringing any more uncertainty into this process by voting for these amendments. Vote them down.  I said that I had an amendment I wanted to have considered when we vote this afternoon. I send the amendment to the desk and ask for it to be printed.  I yield the floor. And since nobody else is desiring to speak, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Martinez). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  