 President, the Washington Post printed on its front page yesterday a chart that was intended to show that the tax benefits in this tax bill go disproportionately to the super rich. The information was based on a study by the Tax Policy Center, along with the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities that has made no secret of its opposition to the tax relief included in this conference agreement. So there is a biased view.  I have had an opportunity to dig into the details of how that particular study was conducted. But if it is like similar analyses, the reported dollar savings statistics don't tell the whole story, and for three reasons:  First, it includes all households, even those that do not file tax returns or don't owe any tax liability, and even those that have a negative tax liability because they receive refundable credits.  In analyzing the distribution of the tax cut, it makes more sense to look at who actually receives the benefits as opposed to what they do. In other words, why include people who don't pay any taxes in the first place?  Second, the statistics in that study did not take into account the fact that the tax rates on dividends and capital gains for those in the bottom two income tax brackets drop to zero percent in 2008. That is that rate we are extending.  Third, and most importantly, the statistics are not shown in the context of the total income tax burden that these taxpayers bear. It is common sense that income tax cuts can only go to people who pay income tax.  Let me repeat that because I think the other side wants to ignore that:  Income tax cuts can only go to people who pay income taxes.  The value of the tax cut should be measured then not only in absolute dollar terms but also in relationship to the total income tax liability.  This conference agreement before us has two centerpieces, the alternative minimum tax hold harmless, which passed the Senate with 66 votes. The extension of lower tax rates on dividends and capital gains is the second provision.  If we applied the logic of including all tax returns in the various income groups and compare the AMT and dividend and capital gains tax savings to the total income liability borne by those groups in the aggregate, we can see that all of these groups receive meaningful benefits.  That is what the chart before us says. This chart was prepared by my Finance Committee staff, but it is based upon analysis of data provided by the Joint Committee on Taxation, not some liberal think tank that has its own ax to grind. The Joint Committee on Taxation is not Republican or Democratic--they are professional tax people who just study taxes up and down, and their economic impact.  As the statistics from the Joint Committee on Taxation show, all of these income groups receive meaningful benefits from this conference agreement.  In fact, the biggest beneficiaries are those in the $100,000 to $200,000 and $200,000 to the $500,000 AGI categories. The $100,000 to $200,000 and the $200,000 to $500,000 category.  The reason that shows up on the chart that way is not because of the reduced rates on dividends and capital gains that the other side is complaining about; it is because of the alternative minimum tax, the hold-harmless provisions that I fought to get completely the way the Senate had included them in this conference report.  Of course, it is strongly supported by the same folks who strongly oppose this conference agreement because of the extension of lower rates on dividends and capital gains, which I point out benefits low-income taxpayers more than the AMT relief--as we can see on the chart, $50,000 and under and the $50,000 to $100,000 category.  The core of this conference agreement is the alternative minimum tax hold harmless, which is the Senate position I fought hard for in conference. The other main provision is the extension of the lower rates on dividends and capital gains in combination with two provisions providing meaningful income tax savings to Americans across the income spectrum, not just the rich. These savings will prevent over 15 million Americans from being hit by the stealth AMT tax and allow those taxpayers and millions more to keep more money in their pockets to spend in the economy, adding to savings rather than sending money here for Members of Congress to spend.  Let me remind people of something brought home to me when I held a town meeting in Iowa. I never have anyone come in and say they are undertaxed, but I sure have plenty of people come in and say that Congress is wasting a lot of money. So every time we have a tax bill, people are complaining because we are not taxing more to reduce the deficit, and higher tax rates do not bring in more revenue. The people crying about that are the very same ones who are voting all the time to increase expenditures whenever they get an opportunity.  I also address one of the important measures in this bill, the tax gap. Last January, 2005, the Joint Committee on Taxation provided a report on possible options to improve tax compliance. This report suggested that one of the key ways to deal with the tax gap is to impose withholding on certain payments made by government entities. The joint committee report stated:       The lack of a withholding mechanism on nonwage payments      leads to substantial underpayment of tax each year and has      long been identified as contributing to the tax gap.  And a further quote:       Payments made by the Federal government and State and local      governments represent a significant amount of those annual      payments that are not subject to withholding. Imposing      withholding on nonwage payments made by the Federal      government and State and local governments would improve      taxpayer compliance, reduce the tax gap, and promote      fairness.  The problems of government contractors not paying tax has been a subject of very good oversight of the Committee on Governmental Affairs, particularly led by Senators Coleman and Levin, as well as the Government Accountability Office. The findings of the Government Accountability Office report in June of 2005 show that over 33,000 contractors owed over $3 billionin unpaid Federal taxes as of September 30, 2004. Clearly, there is a serious problem. Fortunately, there is broad bipartisan support for a solution proposed by Joint Tax of a 3-percent withholding on government payments.  I think it important that my colleagues recall that this basic, same reform was included in an amendment offered by the ranking member of the Budget Committee on November 17, 2005. That was vote No. 330. This amendment, which included this provision, was supported by all but two of the Members of the other side of the aisle.  I am pleased that there is wide recognition of the need for this reform and that this is not a partisan question. However, I do anticipate that some Senators will want to make an argument that we should have implemented this reform much earlier.  Several points on that issue. This is a real break from previous practice and will require changes in business as usual by Federal, State, and local governments. It is for these reasons that the Joint Tax Committee recommended at a minimum there should be a 6- to 18-month delay before implementation.  It was unfortunate that the amendment from the ranking member of the Committee on the Budget did not allow for this time period for governments to prepare for this new requirement. In fact, rather than giving the time allowed as recommended by the Joint Committee on Taxation, the provision was actually retrospective. However, I understand firsthand the difficulties of trying to deal with revenue issues in a specific year, so the author of the amendment has my sympathy.  We chose to go beyond the period recommended by the Joint Tax Committee and give governments and contractors additional time to prepare for this new withholding requirement. Allowing for additional time was a point that brought greater comfort to conferees in considering this new legislation. Additional time would give Congress an opportunity to hear from parties. It may be possible that after the dialog, we will be able to move up the effective year to begin this important provision dealing with the tax gap.  Let me be clear. This is a measure which has bipartisan support. That is very positive. We need to work on a bipartisan basis to deal with the tax gap. This is a good first step. The only question, then, is possibly one of timing. I have erred on allowing government and the contractors to fully prepare for this new requirement and for the Treasury to issue regulations that will give guidance allowing for a smooth start.  I also take a moment to respond to something that was said this morning by my friend from Oregon, Senator Wyden, a member of the Senate Committee on Finance. He is up on tax legislation most of the time. His earlier comments about his provision to eliminate energy bill tax incentives for major oil companies needs an explanation that I don't think he is aware of.  In November of 2005, he offered an amendment in the Committee on Finance to eliminate the tax break known as G&G for geological and geophysical costs that major oil companies received in the Energy bill. His provision is in this conference report. I went to the conference with his provision, and I came out of conference with his provision intact.  In addition, we actually improved the original Senate amendment and increased the amount of tax revenue that is going to be raised over the 5-year period. The provision of my friend from Oregon resulted in a $101 million Federal tax benefits savings for the 5-year budget window this bill covers. Through conference negotiations, we managed to find a way to actually increase the revenue raised over 5 years from that $101 million up to $160 million, and we still respected the concerns in the original Senate bill.  Another point I make is that the original proposal filed by my friend from Oregon actually lost $88 million in Government taxes the first year. In other words, the way the original amendment worked, it actually gave major oil companies an $88 million tax benefit, and under the reconciliation rules, that would not work. We had to change the formula so that the provision raised tax revenue of $160 million over all 5 years of the budget resolution.  I want the record to reflect that I upheld my part of that bargain. This conference report holds up its part of the bargain on that provision. The major oil companies only received one tax benefit in the Energy Policy Act of 2005. This conference report removes the tax benefit the major oil companies received from the G&G tax incentive.  I yield the floor.  