 President, I will highlight a few points from this editorial that is based on Internal Revenue Service data. After the tax cuts passed by Congress and signed by President Bush, the Federal income tax burden substantially shifts as a greater burden to the wealthy. Well, that must be a shock to people on the other side of the aisle. It says that after the tax cuts passed by Congress and signed by President Bush, the Federal income tax burden substantially shifted as a greater burden to the wealthy. It cites these statistics: Between 2001 and 2004, the percentage of Federal income taxes paid by those with incomes of over $200,000 a year and above has risen from 40.5 percent to 46.5 percent. The tax share paid by millionaires has risen, with Americans with incomes over $1 million going from 16.9 percent to 17.8 percent in 1 year, from 2002 to 2003.  And what have we gotten from the tax cuts in capital gains and dividends? Not only has it sparked the economy, as Chairman Greenspan gives it credit for doing, but in response to the cuts in capital gains and dividends, we haven't seen revenues from capital gains and dividends go down as part of our overall revenues. But the Wall Street Journal editorial states that capital gains receipts have increased 79 percent after the cut in capital gains and dividend tax receipts have gone up 35 percent.  We are seeing all this with the bottom line being that tax revenues have been increasing at an incredible rate. The Secretary of the Treasury noted in a press conference with me that we have seen double-digit increases in tax receipts in the last 2 years--hundreds of billions of dollars of taxes coming in. And I think I remember the figures that the Secretary of the Treasury gave. But first of all, before I give those figures, let me say there may be some people listening who think if you increase tax rates, you increase revenue coming into the Federal Treasury. Then there are people who believe that if you cut tax rates, you are going to cut revenue coming into the Federal Treasury. We are in an era where we are cutting tax rates, 2001 through 2003, and the surprise is--and this is probably a shock to some people--we had $274 billion more coming into the Federal Treasury in 2005 than in 2004. And with the continuation of that policy, right now, we have $137 billion more coming into the Federal Treasury than we anticipated in a 6-month estimate at this point in this fiscal year.  So it is working. That is why the title of this article that I am submitting is: ``How to Soak the Rich (the George Bush Way).''  Mr. President, there are studies that go around that say you can get marginal tax rates too high; that people that have some means are going to decide they are only going to pay so much money into the Federal Treasury. Then you know what they do? Instead of choosing productive activity to make money and pay more taxes, they decide: I am not going to pay any more. They choose leisure and do nothing, or do less. But when you reduce marginal tax rates, there is something about the wealthy: They are greedy. They are going to take advantage of the opportunity, and they are going to invest, make more money, pay more taxes and, in the process, create more jobs. That is what is happening in this economy today.  My hope is that my colleagues will see past the editorials and the rhetoric that make fun of what we are trying to do because they are too stupid to read the studies which show that you can lower taxes and have more revenue come in and recognize the reality that the wealthy are paying the greater tax, which happens when you reduce taxes, you increase revenue, because they are done choosing leisure and then they have incentives for productivity. Also, I hope my colleagues realize that low-income families have seen their Federal income taxes reduced as well, as best evidenced by those who are no longer on the rolls, or additionally what Senator Baucus and I got in the 2001 tax bill: The 10-percent rate. And people over here are bad-mouthing the 2001 tax cut. Do you want to do away with the 10-percent rate? Do you want to let that sunset in 2010 because you don't have guts enough to vote for a tax increase? Do you want it to go into place automatically and have a 50-percent increase in the tax rate of low-income people? It doesn't sound to me like you are very populace when you say things such as that.  The tax cuts have benefited all Americans by giving us a strong and growing economy, creating new jobs, 18 quarters of economic growth, 5.2 million jobs. We need to keep this economy going, and the way to help that along is not to increase taxes on middle-income people by voting against this bill that prevents 22 million middle-income people from being hit with the alternative minimum tax and to not increase taxes on those who invest in new or growing businesses that create new jobs. This bill is about preventing a major tax increase. A tax increase will hurt the economy. Don't take my word for it, take Chairman Greenspan's word for it.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  