 President, the supplemental appropriations bill includes $27 billion for disaster-related expenses. But, no money, other than a nominal amount for the Inspector General, was provided for the Social Security Administration. This amendment would correct this omission.  This amendment would provide $38 million to the Social Security Administration, SSA, to reimburse costs incurred as a result of Hurricane Katrina and other hurricanes of the 2005 season.  The Social Security Administration performed a remarkable job in response to these recent disasters.  They assisted more than 528,000 persons in FEMA Disaster Recovery Centers and shelters and helped many others who came to SSA field offices. Altogether these activities cost the agency $38 million: $6 million to acquire and outfit temporary space and renovate offices damaged by the storm, including costs for computers, furniture and supplies; $12 million for processing immediate payments, changing addresses, confirming Social Security numbers, and taking new claims that resulted from the hurricanes; $7 million to pay for the travel and per diem expenses for employees; $12 million for costs related to unprocessed workloads--claims, hearings, etc.--due to the storms' disruptions; $1 million for salaries of those SSA workers who volunteered to work for FEMA in the affected areas.  SSA cannot easily absorb this $38 million because its budget is already $300 million below the President's request for fiscal year 2006. SSA is already experiencing reductions and delays in service. This $38 million would allow an increase in overtime hours to begin to address these backlogs.  Finally, the cost of this amendment is offset by a $38 million reduction in the FEMA disaster relief fund. This reduction in FEMA would come from the $2.4 billion that is designated for ``other needs.'' This designation refers to money that has been made available for unspecified, potential future activities. It would not affect any specific project or activity in this bill.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  