 President, I want to comment on what the Senator from Massachusetts said.  First of all, I think everything he said about the AMT, I agree with; what he said about the capital gains, I disagree with.  I am only going to comment on that part that I agree with him on about the AMT.  But let us have a little history in the process of doing that.  No. 1, either in 1998 or 1999, we repealed the AMT. President Clinton vetoed it.  So we wouldn't be dealing with this issue if President Clinton had signed that bill.  In a sense I am kind of asking for support from anybody on the other side of the aisle who thinks we are not doing enough on AMT. I happen to be one of those who even today, 6 to 7 years later, is for repeal. I believe it ought to be repealed. We ought to have a standup vote, without any points of order, and get rid of this.  There are Republicans who would say if we do that in the out years, our budget might look like it has a much bigger deficit than it has, and over here there might be people who say if you are going to get rid of this tax, you ought to have an offset for it, so the budget deficit does not look different. The reason neither one of those concerns is legitimate is because in this bill we are talking about having the AMT hit the middle-class Americans whom it was not intended to hit.  The Senator from Massachusetts is right in the sense that for parents with children and the larger the family the more it hits them. It was never intended to hit but a few wealthy people who used every legal loophole to avoid paying taxes and that somehow everyone who makes a lot of money ought to pay a little something of income tax into the Federal Treasury. A little something or big something, whatever the case might be, whatever the alternative minimum tax hit them with, they ought to pay that.  If Senator Baucus will bear with me, he has heard me say 150 times how ridiculous it is to have this side of the aisle say we ought to offset a tax that was never intended to be collected in the first place from the people who otherwise will be hit with it if we did not pass this legislation, and over here, people are worried if we do away with it, the budget deficit will look bigger because we do not have the phantom tax income coming in from people who were never supposed to pay the alternative minimum tax in the first place. If we have a tax hitting people who were never intended to pay it in the first place, it should not be showing up in the budget figures, anyway. So we have to worry about an offset or we have to worry about whether we have a burgeoning budget deficit over here if it is not there. It is a phantom. We ought to do what you do with phantoms, hit them with a needle, let the air out, get rid of them.  Also, particularly what the Senator from Massachusetts said about hitting people, it is like a geographical tax to some extent because a lot of States, such as New York, New Jersey, and California, have a lot of high-income people. Therefore, they have a disproportionate number of people getting hit by the AMT. If you fall into that income class, you will get hit with it. More of these people live in higher income States and it happens that some of the States are what we call blue States instead of red States, so I don't know why we do not have a massive drive on this side to force Republicans to do something that is hurting your constituents.  Let's do away with the darned tax. People aren't supposed to be paying it in the first place. Why are we spending a lot of time working the issue? I would like to have the Senator from Massachusetts solve this problem forever and help us repeal it, like we did in 1998, with a President who I am sure will sign it.  On a procedural matter, I wish also to make a comment. My good friend from Montana asked if we could see what we could work on, on amendments. I will briefly comment even beyond what he has asked us to do and try to help speed this along as best I can, as to where we are.  It has been suggested on this side that Republicans work with Members to help them get their amendments up and voted on. First, we should not even be in this situation, a truly unprecedented situation, where we are essentially being forced to do a reconciliation bill over. Yes, we are doing a reconciliation bill over, within 2 months of when we first did it. We could be doing the Nation's business of problems that have to be solved, not waste 3 days on this bill now when we spent 3 days on it in November. We could be working on lobbyist reform. We could be working on asbestos reform and a lot of other things that Members want before the Senate. However, leadership on the other side is wasting the Senate's time and the American people's time. Surely there is a better way.  For those who thought this was over back in November, we are in the middle of a rude awakening. Cooperation is a two-way street. Even though we should not be in this position where the minority party is trying to reopen the bill, we have said we are willing to entertain a limited number of amendments. Another way to put this, I said to Senator Baucus privately that we need total transparency on this, get everything on the table. We do not get a response from the Democratic leadership.  They have taught me a few lessons from our first go-around on this bill. Ilearned that you do not vote on amendments too early because we know what happens if you do that; they get their press release out, they lose the amendment, then it comes back within a matter of hours, sometimes two or three different versions of the very same amendment. We end up voting on all of them, wasting everyone's time. So the extent to which we lay everything on the table and level with everyone on what we are faced with, we will be able to get this bill completed. We could finish this late tomorrow night.  Unless we can get an agreement for a limited number of amendments or amendments in total, I don't see any reason but to wait until the time has expired on the bill and let the so-called vote-arama begin one vote right after another and we spend a couple of minutes debating an amendment back and forth, to have that vote-arama without an agreement. I am convinced this will save the Senate a lot of time in the end. Either way, we have a limited number of amendments. Let us know what they are, have some sort of agreement so we can get done, or have a vote-arama.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burr). The Senator from Montana.  