 President, I rise in support of the Haiti trade provisions in this legislation. And I want to respond to some of the criticisms leveled at these provisions.  Right now over two-thirds of Haitian apparel exports to the United States are made from fabric made in either the United States or a beneficiary country under the Caribbean Basin Initiative.  Under the bill, it is true that Haiti can use fabric from third countries to produce apparel exports for duty-free entry into the United States.  But to be eligible for such duty-free treatment, at least 50 percent of the value of the apparel must be attributable to Haiti, the United States, or another regional qualifying country.  If, for example, Chinese-origin fabric is used to manufacture apparel in Haiti, only the value of the cutting and sewing counts toward the 50-percentvalue-added requirement. The value of the Chinese fabric itself does not count toward the requirement.  And because fabric generally accounts for more than 50 percent of the value of a garment, the 50-percent value-added requirement will often mean that qualifying apparel must be made from fabric produced in a regional qualifying country to be eligible for preferential treatment.  Moreover, the benefits are capped in the first year at 1 percent of United States apparel imports, which is less than current apparel imports from Haiti and equal to only 20 percent of the total level provided under the African Growth and Opportunity Act.  Now, the bill does include a tariff preference level, but it is limited to woven apparel, not knits. And the level of the tariff preference level is equal to only 0.23 percent of United States apparel imports.  The Commissioner of Customs wrote a letter to Chairman Thomas of the House Committee on Ways and Means stating that Customs remains committed to enforcing all textile trade laws. The Commissioner further indicated that Customs can, and will, enforce the textile provisions in this bill if they become law.  The bottom line is that the Haiti trade provisions in this bill will help to spur economic growth and prosperity in the most impoverished country in this hemisphere. At the same time, these provisions do not threaten to significantly impact our domestic industry in an adverse manner.  In addition, these provisions have been endorsed by a number of non-governmental organizations, including Oxfam America and the International Policy Committee of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops.  I urge my colleagues to support the Haiti legislation, as well as the other trade provisions in this bill.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my remarks be printed at the appropriate place in the Congressional Record, and I yield the floor.  