 I will use a little bit of time off the leader's time.  A week ago, I said some colleagues want to engage in a riverboat gamble involving these popular tax relief provisions by including it with the death tax. They call Chairman Thomas's bill the trifecta bill. I will treat the proponents with more respect than they have treated this chairman and the institution of the Finance Committee. I will support this bill.  The burden is on the proponents of this gambit to produce. But to do that, they are going to have to deal with the realities of the votes in the Senate. People want and should expect that Congress will provide certainty in estate planning. My colleagues have placed all the chips on the table. It is on them to make sure it is a winning hand. If the trifecta bill fails, they need to answer to those millions of Americans who relied on our promise and good will as legislators.  I also have a message for the Democratic leadership. While I am frustrated with my leadership, let me saythat it should also be clear that the Democratic leadership has been more eager to produce press releases than results. The Democratic leadership has been actively and aggressively undermining efforts to reach a deal. This has only served to deny relief from the death tax for America's small business and family farmers. This obstruction has also forced these farmers and small business owners to have to live with continued uncertainty of the current death tax structure. That is not right. The people's business should be done.  The time has come for the Democratic leadership to stop playing politics with family farmers and small business folks and let responsible Democrats work on a fair compromise. It is wrong that the Democratic leadership is preventing Senators from voting their consciences in this manner. Senators should be allowed to put the interests of their constituents first instead of the priorities of the Democratic leadership.  When you cut through all the finger-pointing and the press releases, both sides are to blame that we can't get these extenders done. Both death tax and expiring provisions should be processed in a bipartisan, constructive way. We should be realistic and seek to accomplish the possible. Let's do the people's business.  Mr. President, I will support the bill before us, but should it fail, I will use my best efforts to do what needs to be done. I will stick by my word to the American people and ask those who give their word to keep it with me. Either result would be right for the people. To do neither and not act on extenders would be the wrong thing for the people. That is why we are here to serve the people. We are here to govern.  