 President, before I speak to the issue of the Oman Free Trade Agreement, I wish to take advantage of the opportunity to remind the public that trade agreements are not treaties, as we usually think of treaties, with just the Senate approving treaties with a two-thirds vote and the House of Representatives having nothing to do with a treaty. A free-trade agreement is negotiated by the President but must be approved by both Houses of Congress the same way that legislation is passed, except it is done under a time agreement under law with the idea that the agreement will be voted up or down and not amended But when the dust settles, it is the law of our land, just like any other law that Congress would pass.  Taking that into consideration then, the rationale behind that is the fact that the Constitution gives the Congress of the United States, as one of its specific 17 powers, the power to regulate interstate and foreign commerce. A free-trade agreement is foreign commerce. Congress has the authority completely--no questions asked--about what our trade laws are going to be.  Until the 1930s, for the most part, Congress passed those pieces of legislation, and that was the law after the President signed them. But starting in the 1930s, Congress would, to a greater extent or lesser extent from time to time, give the President the authority to negotiate certain agreements, and then Congress would approve them.  Since World War II, we have had a regime for 45 years that we called the General Agreement of Tariffs and Trades. Since about 1993, it has been referred to as the World Trade Organization, or WTO.  In not exactly the same way, but from time to time, Congress, in order to negotiate agreements since World War II, has extended authority to the President to negotiate those agreements, not because Congress wanted to give up any congressional authority as the Constitution prescribes over foreign trade, but, as a practical matter, if you are going to negotiate with another country, rather than unilaterally setting policy, Congress, as a body of 535 people, can't negotiate with another country or, for sure, with the World Trade Organization that has 149 members very efficiently, and never even tried. So from time to time we have negotiated--or we have delegated--to the President of the United States, under strict guidelines, the authority to negotiate for Congress with an understanding that--well, under the Constitution with the practical end result that it has to be passed by the Congress of the United States by a majority vote in both Houses to become the law of the land.  Congress doesn't just willy-nilly say to the President: You negotiate any sort of an agreement you want. In the basic law, there are some stipulations--not very many but some--but, more importantly, for the Congress to preserve its power and not give the President of the United States free reign. We have a consultation process within what we now call Trade Promotion Authority where, during the process of negotiating multilaterally under the World Trade Organization, or negotiating bilaterally with another country, that the President and his negotiators would come to Congress whenever we would invite them, or even on their own initiative, and sit down and talk, sometimes in informal sessions, sometimes in regular committee meetings, to find out how the negotiations are going and what the problems are.  But the most important thing is for that negotiator and that agency to hear what Congress says needs to be done, what our input is, with the idea that if they don't negotiate something that Congress can pass, what good is doing the negotiation? So that consultation process is very important.  Now, sometimes I feel that there has not been enough consultation, and because I am chairman of the committee that has jurisdiction over that, sometimes I can legitimately claim fault for not having enough consultation, although we have considerable. And any members of the committee should likewise--the other 19 members of the committee should likewise feel that if there is not enough consultation, then maybe they have not been forward enough in preserving the constitutional power of the Congress and the specific authority of our committee to make that consultation happen.  Now, what sometimes happens--maybe every time--in bringing a Free Trade Agreement before our committee before it comes to the floor, there is an outburst on both sides of the aisle about not having consulted enough and that the process might be a sham. Well, the extent to which people feel that is the situation, then I guess I plead with myself as chairman of the committee, I plead with members of the committee, that we need to make more specific requests of the administration to come and talk to us about these agreements.  That can be going on right now in regard to the Doha round of negotiations that are going on between the United States as part of the World Trade Organization involving another 148 countries, or it can be going on right now anytime the committee members want it to happen in our process of negotiations with Thailand bilaterally, South Korea bilaterally, Egypt bilaterally, and there are other countries as well.  So I hope that each one of us in Congress feels that we are adequately safeguarding our constitutional authority. But I hope nobody lives in the wonderland that somehow Congress ought to be negotiating directly with these other countries because we don't have that capability or the time. But we ought to make sure that we don't compromise one iota the constitutional power that we have been given and that w have to cherish and protect.  I rise in strong support of the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement. 