 And even though this round is known as the Doha Development Round because it is supposed to help poor countries, a bad deal that keeps high trade barriers in place would tell developing countries that they can forget about seeing fair opportunity to export their products.  As for World Trade Organization members that see litigation in dispute settlement--as Brazil did in the cotton case--as a practical alternative to negotiations, I would remind those who are tempted to adopt this position that litigation, even under the new, improved WTO rules, is unpredictable, costly, time-consuming, and not the way to resolve unfair trade.  Moreover, litigation is not always the most effective way to open markets and eliminate trade barriers, especially over the long haul. Historically, we have also depended on negotiations and the everyday management of trade and commercial relations as much better ways to achieve and maintain open markets.  Make no mistake, we can and will defend our interests through dispute settlement when it is necessary to do so, and we have done so as the United States in the World Trade Organization quite successfully. But substituting litigation for negotiations or for management of our commercial relations is neither practical nor desirable, nor is it the way to bolster confidence in the World Trade Organization as an effective negotiating forum.  I began by saying that this round of trade negotiations is a historic opportunity. It can be historic in the sense that we achieve a result that truly benefits the global community by increasing global prosperity, and it can be historic in the sense that we miss a great opportunity to promote prosperity and open markets throughout the world.  Unfortunately, we have made enormous mistakes before when we missed important opportunities to fight for comprehensive global trade liberalization. In the early years of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, going as far back as 1947, it was the developed nations, particularly the United States, that created exceptions for agriculture, that exempted it from liberalization under the GATT regime. It has taken us decades to shift gears to try to bring agriculture under the discipline of global trade rules. That is why it is so important for us to continue to make real progress in this round of global trade talks.  Achieving real, meaningful results in these talks is something I am as strongly committed to now as ever before. It is also why I will continue to oppose any outcome in the WTO that, in my judgment, fails to accomplish these goals, even if it is a minimalist approach. Don't expect me to bring such an agreement before the Senate as chairman of the Finance Committee.  I yield the floor.  