  Madam President, I wish to speak through the Chair to the Senator from West Virginia. I am going to speak not specifically against your amendment, but you have identified closing corporate tax loopholes as one way of raising revenue to offset yours. I am going to take advantage of my time against your amendment to speak because Members on your side of the aisle have used this approach in the past, and I want to say how there are some problems doing that.  Virtually all Democratic Members had a common theme in their amendments--raising taxes for more spending. The purported offset for each of these amendments--several yesterday and more today--would close tax loopholes to pay for whatever popular spending program is proposed. The Senate tax relief reconciliation bill that is now in conference between the House and Senate--and that is a reconciliation bill left over from last year's budget resolution, some of the unfinished business of last year that we have to get worked out this spring--this conference's bills already include $20 to $30 billion of loophole closers. Ironically, many of the proponents of these amendments that have been offered on the other side of the aisle, using tax loophole closers, were among the small minority of Members who opposed the tax relief reconciliation bill that contained offsets. In some cases, the proponents have acknowledged that the Finance Committee, which I chair, has already used these loophole closers. The Finance Committee will be responsible, then, if these amendments are adopted, for creating new loophole closers.  That is not a problem. I don't consider that a problem because I am looking to close abusive uses of the Tax Code. My Finance Committee staff has proven itself quite effective in the past in identifying offsets. Just in the period of time since 2001, our committee has raised around $200 billion in new revenues by shutting down tax shelters, by closing inversions, and other abusive tax schemes.  In the year 2004 alone, the Finance Committee fully offset a $137 billion tax bill at no expense to the American taxpayers. This was what was known at that time as the FSC-ETI repeal bill. So I think the Finance Committee, since 2001--or using the year 2004 alone--has a pretty good handle on what is possible in the ``raisers'' category. So, implied, do the Democrats who are proposing closing tax loopholes know it is not necessarily an easy job, a job we have been working on, a job we have been successful at, but the more of this you do, the less there is to take care of what they are trying to bring us to do, closing tax loopholes?  I might imply that maybe they are taking the easy way out because of using the term ``loophole closers.'' That may not be such an easy way out for those of us who have to do it.  This brings me then to the amendments that have been proposed. The sponsors say they have offset the costs of the amendments by closing tax loopholes. I wish to know what loopholes they have in mind. If we use the inventory of Senate-acceptable offsets, we can raise about $11 billion over 5 years. But that $11 billion, even if we accomplish it, is a far cry from the cumulative demands of the amendments that have already been offered from the other side and probably will be offered yet today and tomorrow. We are probably going to have to find more revenue raisers just to cover the items that Members say they support in the tax relief agenda that is out there that everybody wants me to get passed.  The Finance Committee staff hopes to use the full $30 billion that is already in conference in the Senate tax relief reconciliation bill. Some have referred to the recent ``tax gap'' report of the Joint Committee. But this is also going to be a heavy lift. When Members try to use some unidentified loophole closers--and these have all been unidentified--to pay for their amendments, what they are saying is that we should use something out of the $30 billion that has been set by the Finance Committee staff that we are considering in conference committee right now. So, in fact, the proponents' amendment is going to displace something covered by the resolution. That point has to be made crystal clear, because this is the crux of the problem. If you use a loophole closer that is already called for in the tax relief package that is in conference, it means that something in the tax cut package will have to be taken out.  What do my colleagues, who are using loophole closers, suggest that we take out that most of them think ought to be law because they voted for it in the first place? The tax relief reconciliation bill covers a number of items that Members on the other side do support. For example, it covers, through the year 2010, provisions that they support such as tuition deduction, such as low-income savers credit, small business expensing. These are sunsetted. They have to be reenacted to keep existing tax policy. You have to have offsets for them.  Also covered are 1-year provisions that they say they support, such as business extenders like research and development. Several States have sales taxes that will not be deductible anymore if we don't pass this bill. The alternative minimum tax hold harmless----  