 President, I have some points I would like to make. Before I do that, I will respond to a couple of points that the Senator from Florida made. One was his speaking about the bewilderment among seniors about the program. I would say that a great deal of the bewilderment comes from the confusion that people have because of the rhetoric of people who don't like this plan and have tried to kill it with rhetoric because they didn't have the votes on the floor of the Senate. That has not created a very good environment.  On the other hand, I can say that at my town meetings--I held 16, Monday through Thursday, during our last break--people who came expressed some wonderment about exactly what program to get into. But people who also had already selected a program gave very positive comments about the benefit of the program to them.  The other point I would like to make, Mr. President, is the point that was made that maybe the cost is coming inless than what was anticipated because not enough seniors are coming in. I think it is very clear that the reason this is costing $8 billion less than what 3 years ago CBO estimated it would be for this year is because of the competition. As a conferee, as I was going through ironing out the differences between the House and Senate on this bill, we were very nervous that our anticipation of the premium being $37 a month, on average, might end up being much higher. And we, as writers of this legislation, would be embarrassed about that.  Competition has brought that premium down to $25. Instead of $37, the average premium is $25. We were estimating that there would be all sorts of savings from competition because we were patterning this program after what the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan had been for 4 years. It worked so well for Federal employees, we felt it would work very well for seniors, and it is working very well in this respect for seniors. But we estimated there would be certain savings.  Quite frankly, we were nervous about whether these savings would materialize. But they did materialize--to the point of adding up to that $8 billion that I have referred to. But with specific drugs--we have drugs and pharmacists coming in under these plans--brand-name drugs are coming in on an average of 18 percent less than otherwise in a pharmacy. If it is mail order, it is about 26 percent less. In the case of generics bought at a pharmacy, it is 55 percent less, and for mail order it is 66 percent less.  So I suggest to the Senator from Florida that enrollment has nothing to do with it. The savings are coming because competition is working.  Now, another confession we have to make is that as we were writing this bill, we wondered whether we would have enough plans sign up so we would have this competition that works so well in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan--even to the point where we decided we needed a backup plan. Just in case only one plan signed up, we would make sure the Government set up a competitive plan so that there would be some choice for our seniors. We ended up with lots of plans, and we hear from the other side there are too many plans. Well, the marketplace brought plans in and drove down the price. Some of these plans are going to get out because the marketplace is going to drive them out. Hopefully, we still have plenty of choice when this all happens. But competition is working.  Now, also, I hear the rhetoric about too many plans being confusing. I just read in the newspaper in a whole other area, but to throw it out for comparison, I heard that in regard to people signing up for health savings accounts--HSAs--you have to have a catastrophic insurance policy go with it. There are 96 companies selling catastrophic policies. Yet we have had 3 million Americans sign up in less than a year for catastrophic policies. I don't know whether it is confusing to them or not, but they are joining. That is twice as many plans that are available. We don't hear people complaining about too many plans out there for health savings accounts.  So I don't know why--except for rhetoric to gain political advantage--we talk about too many plans out there for seniors. The more plans, the more choice.  Do you think Congress has the ability to write one plan that is going to fit the needs of 44 million seniors and disabled people? First of all, if you did that, it would have to be mandatory. If you make it mandatory, it would be evidence that you never learned a lesson from the last time we tried to extend Medicare and make it mandatory when we put a catastrophic program in in 1988 or 1989, which passed this body--I don't know--it was a closer vote than it was repealed.  But when you go home to the grassroots of Iowa, and every other State in the Nation, there is an uproar because it was mandatory and people had to pay for something they didn't want to use. And in a year or two it was almost unanimously repealed by this body. So we believed it ought to be voluntary, and it is voluntary. So if you don't want to join, you don't have to join.  But if you want to join, everybody has different needs and desires and you ought to have some choice, just like Federal employees have. If it has worked 40 years for Federal employees, it seems to me that it is a pattern that we ought to have enough respect for the seniors of America to give to them.  Mr. President, I would like to go to the issue before us, an issue that we have discussed before, not an issue that I entirely disagree with the Senator from Florida on because I don't know what the situation is going to be by May 15. But I know if you had an amendment up to extend the deadline for filing income tax on April 15 and you moved it to May 15, everybody would be going to the post office on May 15 to drop in their income tax forms, and I would be one of them. Americans procrastinate until the last minute. Some are going to procrastinate until the last minute on joining one of these plans.  The extent to which people benefit from this plan, particularly lower income people, because it is highly subsidized--up to 98 percent--it seems to me the extent to which you want to give them more leeway, you are not being very humane to them if they can benefit from the program today instead of tomorrow.  So you may be right, but today you are not right. You may be right on May 1. Maybe your timing is off. Maybe I am conceding too much. My staff will probably tell me when I am done I was too good to you, that you are too right. But there are other ways of doing what you want to do, and I am going to suggest a way. You are probably going to disagree with it.  Before I get to that point, I want to give some background. The amendment by Senator Nelson is going to extend the open enrollment period. Information on the Medicare prescription drug benefits first became available last October, and then the open enrollment period began November 15. So today the open enrollment period has been going on for 4 months, and there are still 2 months left before open enrollment ends on May 15.  I personally think that enrollment is going well. About a quarter million people--250,000 beneficiaries, in other words--enroll each week. Enrollment in stand-alone plans in my State of Iowa increased by 71 percent between January and February. At this rate, Medicare is on a track to reach the goal of 28 million to 30 million beneficiaries with coverage by May 15.  I think making decisions about one's health care can, in fact, be difficult. That is why information about the available plans went out way back in October. That is why beneficiaries have 6 months to make a decision. That is why there are many resources to help beneficiaries learn about their options and make their decisions. That is why beneficiaries can change their plan choice once before May 15. But that said, I know there is concern that beneficiaries may need more time. So the amendment I am offering would grant the Secretary of Health and Human Services the authority to extend the enrollment period. We are just 2\1/2\ months into this new benefit--the first expansion of Medicare in 40 years.  Personally, I think it is premature to change this date. So I offer this amendment as a compromise. The amendment would grant the Secretary definitive authority to extend the enrollment period. It would waive the application of the late enrollment penalty, and it would extend beneficiaries' rights to change their plan, and to change it once. Despite the rhetoric that we constantly hear around here, I hope everyone wants this benefit to be successful.  I know there have been some disappointing startup problems, especially for some of our Nation's most frail and vulnerable beneficiaries. But what would you expect when, on January 1, you have 44 million people rushing into a brand new Government program? There are obviously going to be some roadblocks, when people sign up on December 31 and go to the drugstore on January 2 to get drugs under a plan that you are trying to squeeze 44 million Americans into. It is quite obvious that there would be some problems.  I think the administration has made great progress in getting these problems solved. The Secretary of HHS has sat down with our committee on three occasions to hear both Republicans and Democrats, to listen to what the problems are.  I think it is mutually agreed that there were about seven areas where there were problems. The question Iasked three times was: Is there any change in law that is necessary for the Secretary of HHS in order to grapple with these problems? And the Secretary said, no, he had ample authority to do that. He pointed out to us the seven problems. He pointed out to us how he was going to solve those problems. Between meetings, he gave us updates on progress being made toward solving those problems.  So I think we have a Secretary of Health and Human Services and we have a director of CMS who are working more than full time, and a lot of these problems, quite frankly, are simply the technicians it takes to make sure the computer software is working right.  What is the problem?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Vitter). The Senator will note that the time on this amendment has expired, although the amendment of the Senator from Iowa is next in line and it would be appropriate to proceed to that amendment.  