 President, I spoke this morning about the bipartisanship and the origination of the idea behind the Roth IRA conversions, and how Senator Bentsen was the inventor of that idea, and how it had such broad bipartisan support. I supported it. It also had bipartisan support when Senator Roth introduced the bill. It had passed the Senate so many times by big, bipartisan margins.  We hear people on the other side of the aisle badmouthing an idea of one of the most esteemed Members of their party in the history of the Senate, Senator Bentsen of Texas, who was chairman of this committee in 1991, 1992, and was going to be chairman in 1993 and 1994, but he became Secretary of the Treasury. Now all of a sudden it becomes partisan that we are including that idea in this legislation. I don't understand it.  I have this response to what was said. I heard my friend on the other side try to argue that the provisions in the conference report that will allow taxpayers to make Roth IRA conversions is a budget gimmick. Was it a gimmick when Senator Bentsen introduced it? It is not a gimmick. Nothing could be further from the truth.  The Roth IRA conversion provision generates real Federal revenue. In fact, the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that the provision will generate $6.4 billion in Federal revenues over the next 10 years. This is a provision with longstanding bipartisan support in the Senate.  The Democrats have also tried to argue that the Roth IRA conversion provision will actually make the Federal deficit worse in the long term. That, too, is not true. Roth IRA conversions merely change the timing of when individuals must pay tax on their retirement savings, accelerating tax payments in the case of those who convert. It does not result in a net change in Federal revenues over any long-term period.  In addition, critics choose to ignore a reverse effect of the various retirement savings incentives. Because congressional budget estimates are done on a 10-year basis, these estimates ignore distant revenue gains as well as losses. Because tax incentives for retirement savings basically and typically are front-loaded, the 10-year budget estimates generally reflect only large losses of Federal revenue. These estimates ignore the fact that the Federal Government will recoup the tax on that money and the associated investment gains when it is distributed later in retirement.  From a budgetary standpoint, the Roth IRA conversion provision only balances out a small part of this effect. If anything, this provision has the potential to actually increase receipts over a long period of time because it will lead to higher tax compliance as folks voluntarily pay their tax up front.  This provision brings in real money into the Treasury, it is good, and, most importantly, it is bipartisan--or I guess it used to be bipartisan. Today it is very partisan, and that is something I don't understand. How could you as Democrats be for something over the 1990s and not be for it now? Is it because maybe the Republicans are in the majority? It just doesn't make sense.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coleman). The Senator from New Jersey.  