 President, I would like to speak for 20 minutes on immigration.  Immersed in the routines of daily life, many people don't make an extra effort to track legislation as it winds through Congress. It usually takes an issue that hits close to home before it motivates people to take notice.  This issue has hit home to many. We have dived into a very passionate and emotional debate in the U. S. Senate. Our country was founded by immigrants, and continues to be a Nation of immigrants. We have benefited from the achievements of many new residents. And, today, people in foreign lands want to be a part of this great country.  Generation after generation tirelessly pursues the American Dream. We should feel privileged that people love our country and want to become Americans. We are a wonderful nation, and it is evident by the number of people who want to come here.  But it is hard to empathize with those who thumb their noses at the rule of law. Estimates say more than 11 million undocumented immigrants already live in the country. They deliberately bypassed the proper channels and broke our laws to enter the country.  We are a nation of laws. Our country was founded on the rule of law. And now our welcome mat is being trampled on.  I am a member of the Judiciary Committee, and I was a part of the 5-week markup session. I voted against the committee bill. But I think we made great strides on the border security and interior enforcement titles.  I supported amendments to provide more authority and resources to our State and local law enforcement. One of my amendments increased the number of ICE agents we have in each State. I supported amendments dealing with expedited removal and increased detention space.  We enhanced border security and increased our manpower to patrol the border. We reformed the L visa program and the Temporary Protected Status program. We addressed the problem with countries which don't take back their illegal citizens by denying them visas.  We did a lot of positive things. But these reforms will mean nothing if an amnesty in sheep's clothing goes forward.  Some say that our enforcement-only approach in 1996 didn't work. Let me remind my colleagues that the 1996 bill contained measures that still have not been implemented. The best example is the entry-exit system. It is not fully operational because Congress and our bureaucrats keep delaying its implementation.  The compromise before us may contain enforcement measures, but they mean nothing if Congress and the administration don't make the commitment to follow through. And our strong enforcement measures are worthless if we pardon every illegal alien.  I was here in 1986. I voted for the amnesty during the Reagan years. I know now that it was a big mistake. I have been here long enough to know the consequences of rewarding illegal behavior.  Let me take a moment to raise some concerns about the compromise before us.  The compromise provides for a three-tier system. It puts illegal aliens into three categories. Those who have been here for 5 years or more automatically get a glide path to citizenship. Those who have been here for 2 to 5 yearshave to go home--at some point in the future--and re-enter through a legal channel. Those who have been here for less than 24 months are illegal aliens, and we assume that they will return to their home country.  Some have estimated that there are 7.7 to 8.5 million illegal aliens who have been here for more than 5 years. That is more than 75 percent of the illegal population. But that is not all. The compromise says that the family of the illegal alien--their spouses and children--can also apply. It doesn't say that their family has to be in this country. In fact, those back in their home countries are now getting a free pass to cross the border. They, too, are on their way to a citizenship.  Those in the second tier who are required to go home and re-enter through a legal channel won't go home. Why would they if their neighbors are getting citizenship? They will hold out for their reward. They will wait for Congress to pass another amnesty bill. We are sending a bad signal. We are saying some can get amnesty and some cannot.  I know my colleagues say this isn't amnesty, but it is. I know some say that the alien has to pay their taxes, pay a fine, have worked for 3 years, and learn English. They say that the aliens are earning their citizenship. I respectfully disagree.  Yes, an alien has to pay $2,000 to come out of the shadows. But individuals under 18 don't have to pay. And the fine probably won't cover the costs of implementing the program, nor will it cover the costs of a background check.  I have said it before, and I repeat is now: $2,000 is chump change. These same people probably paid a smuggler $15,000 to get them across the border. We are selling citizenship.  The proponents say that illegal aliens have to pay their taxes. Don't let them fool you. Sure, they have to pay all outstanding Federal and Sate taxes before their status is adjusted, but they only have to pay the taxes they owe for the 3 years that they are required to work. What about the other years? They have been here for at least 5. What about those under the age of 20 who are exempt from having to work? What if they work? Don't they have to pay their taxes?  Another point about this provision on taxes is that it is going to be a burden on the IRS. As chairman of the Finance Committee, which oversees the IRS, I can tell you that the taxman is going to have a difficult time verifying whether an individual owes any taxes. It will be impossible for the IRS to truly enforce this because they cannot audit every single person in this country. We need to place the burden on the alien, not the Federal Government. We need to require them to come forward and show us their tax returns.  When an alien applies for legal status, they have to prove that they have been working for 3 out of the last 5 years. If an illegal alien can't get their IRS records or an employer to attest to their working, then they can get a friend to attest. They can have anybody on the street sign a sworn affidavit to attest for them. That is fraud and corruption waiting to happen. Do you think the Federal Government is going to have time to check out their sources and prove their claims?  The proponents of amnesty also say that the alien is not eligible if they do not meet certain health standards. It does not say that one has to undergo a medical exam. In fact, those who fall under the second tier, who have been here for 2 to 5 years, may be required to take a medical exam.  My home State of Iowa is currently dealing with a mumps epidemic. Some speculate that the disease was brought over by a foreign student. That is the point of a medical exam. This compromise would place heavier burdens on our public health departments because we won't know what types of diseases these individuals have. They should be required to undergo a medical exam at their own expense. We need to require them upfront in order to prevent outbreaks of contagious diseases.  The English requirement is weak. It is weaker than current naturalization requirements. Under current law, an immigrant has to demonstrate an understanding of the English language and a knowledge of the fundamentals of our history and government. Under this compromise, an alien only has to prove that they are pursuing a course of study in English, history, and U.S. Government. Anybody could make that claim.  The compromise would require the Department of Homeland Security to do a background check on the illegal aliens in the United States. In fact, this compromise has placed a time limit on our Federal agents. They have 90 days to complete them. That is unrealistic. It is possible. It is a huge burden. And it is a huge expense.  Homeland Security will surely try to hurry with these background checks. They will be pressured by Congress to rush them. They will rubberstamp applications despite possible gang participation, criminal activity, terrorist ties, and other violations of our laws. This is a national security concern.  The compromise before us prohibits the Government from using the information in an application against an alien. So if an illegal alien writes in their application that they voted, or that they smuggled in drugs, or that they are related to Osama bin Laden, then our Government cannot use that information for critical investigations. In fact, the compromise would fine bureaucrats $10,000 if they use the information in an application for purposes other than adjudication.  But wait--there is more. If an alien has been ordered removed, and is sitting in jail ready to be deported, the alien still gets the chance to apply for this amnesty. The thousands of illegal aliens with orders to leave the country can apply. Their country won't take them back, so our country will give them citizenship. That doesn't make sense.  Everything that I have spoken about so far is based on the amnesty program for those who are currently in the United States. I would like to express two concerns about the future flow provisions. When we say future flow we mean those who aren't here but who can apply for legal entry through a ``temporary'' guestworker program.  First, on day 1 of their entry into the U.S., an employer can sponsor the alien for a green card. If they are not sponsored within 4 years, then the alien can petition for him or herself. Yes, this temporary program for temporary workers becomes a citizenship program for anybody and everybody.  Second, there is a numerical limit of 400,000. It is intellectually dishonest to say that this is the ceiling. The cap can be increased automatically without congressional approval if the limit is reached. It will never decrease; it can only increase.  This compromise will have enormous economic and employment implications for the Nation. If we enact it, we will sell out the middle class in America. We would also push aside the lower, uneducated class of American citizens.  Foreign workers won't have to take low-skilled jobs anymore. They won't be required to do the jobs that Americans supposedly won't do. Their spouses and children will permanently take jobs away. These aren't temporary workers anymore.  What happens when this country goes into recession? Americans will be banging on our door, asking why we did this to them.  We are allowing businesses to hire people at lower wages because they are illegal, rather than hire Americans at somewhat higher wages. Maybe this country needs to focus more on training and educating our own people, and less on how businesses can make more money by hiring illegals. By opening the floodgates for these kinds of low-skilled immigrants, we are taking away opportunities for our own.  Businesses have no problems paying under the table or paying lower wages. They also don't have problems paying CEOs and executives astronomical salaries. There is something wrong with this equation.  I have an amendment to create an Employer Verification System. This amendment, worked out between the Finance and Judiciary Committees, will require employers to check the eligibility of their workers.  It will give businesses the tools they need to be compliant with the law. Right now, the system is voluntary, but it is time to make this system a staple in the workplace. We will increase worksite enforcement and penalties, safeguards and privacy protections.  But this system needs to be in place if we are going to have a guest worker program. Employers are put on notice--we will hold them accountable, and we will penalize them if they violate the law.  We are taking a huge step here in shaping the future of our country. What we do here with immigration will impact every aspect of our daily lives.  An amnesty program for millions of people will increase the fiscal burden on our country. It will further strain our health care, education, and infrastructure systems. If these folks are not paying their taxes, then American citizens will have to pick up the tab. Americans will have to build bigger schools, and pay for the huge medical expenses of these people.  So I ask my colleagues to think twice. Read the fine print. Ask yourself this: What about fairness? What about those who waited their turn in line? What about those who abide by the rules?  I know many of my colleagues will support the compromise that was agreed to in the last day. I know they are saying to themselves: This is better than nothing. We had to do something. I ask my colleagues this: Do you think voting for this without the process of amending and debating is what we were elected to do? Voting for this bill because it is supposedly the best thing out there isn't a good enough reason.  As a U.S. Senator, I took an oath of office to honor the Constitution. I bear a fundamental allegiance to uphold the rule of law. And that is why I cannot in good conscience support granting legal status to illegal immigrants who have violated our laws. Lawbreakers should not be rewarded. The compromise sends the wrong message to millions of people around the world. If you vote for this compromise, you obviously don't respect the rule of law.  With a wink and a nod, Uncle Sam would turn America's historic welcome mat into a doormat trampled upon by millions and millions of illegal immigrants.  