 President, I rise today in support of the Pension 7 Protection Act of 2006.  Every Member of the U.S. Senate should be proud to support this bill.  This is a bill that is about one thing--improving the retirement security of all Americans.  It been a long road to get here.  There were times, I will tell you, when I wondered if we would ever get here.  But the fact that we are here today shows that when people stick to a goal and work together, you can get great things done for the American people.  I want to commend Chairman Enzi for his outstanding leadership and his perseverance in leading us here today.  I can tell you that it wasn't an easy job.  I am also very pleased to commend the great work of my colleague and good friend, Senator Baucus, who was my partner in the Finance Committee and all the way through conference on this legislation.  We worked together and our staffs worked together.  I wish he could be here with me today to see final passage of this legislation, but as we all know, he is attending to family matters that are far more important than anything we could be doing here in the U.S. Senate.  I also want to thank Senator Kennedy, who worked tirelessly on this bill and was critical to the bipartisan bill before us.  Why is this a good bill?  I could spend all night talking about all of the positive reforms in this bill, but don't worry--I am not going to do that at 10 o'clock here tonight.  But I do want to highlight a few parts of this legislation that will make Americans more secure in their retirement.  First and foremost, this bill will ensure that American workers can depend on their pensions. They will know that their pension will actually be there for them when they retire.  This bill will also protect the PBGC from absorbing billions of dollars in pension liabilities from bankrupt airlines and give those airlines' employees an opportunity to receive the full pension they've been promised.  This bill will protect workers from the next Enron by prohibiting employers from stuffing company stock in their 401(k) plans.  This bill will make permanent the bipartisan retirement savings provisions from the 2001 tax relief bill--increased 401(k) and IRA limits, a permanent low-income Savers' Credit, greater portability of retirement assets, and a wide array of other pro-savings initiatives.  These provisions are vital to building a ``savers' society,'' and I am proud that these provisions originated in the Senate Finance Committee and were included in the 2001 tax bill at the insistence of myself and Senator Baucus.  This bill will also encourage greater participation in retirement plans by promoting automatic enrollment arrangements.  These are just a few of the key reforms in this bill. This is legislation that every Member of the Senate can truly be proud to support.  I look forward to seeing the President sign it into law.  I would like to incorporate by reference a technical explanation being prepared by the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation that describes the legislative intent with respect to H.R. 4, the Pension Protection Act of 2006. This document expresses our understanding of the provisions in the bill, and it will be a useful reference in understanding the legislation. Chairman Thomas also made a statement on the floor of the House of Representatives last Friday that he had requested this technical explanation. The technical explanation will be published by the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation as document number JCX-38-06, Technical Explanation of H.R. 4, The Pension Protection Act of 2006, as passed by the House on July 28, 2006, and as considered by the Senate on August 3, 2006.  