 President, I rise to make an opposite point of view and critical comments on a statement that was made yesterday by the Senator from North Dakota, Mr. Dorgan. Once again, he made a very impassioned case, and everybody who hears him knows he presents his case very well. He made an impassioned case for American workers whose jobs have been lost when plants move overseas.  We have all witnessed this heart-wrenching event. I know even in my home State of Iowa we have had plant closings for that reason. Some of those operations have been moved out of the United States. But as far as Iowans are concerned, let me remind you this has been a phenomenon of plants moving from Iowa to other places for a long time, before we ever heard the word ``outsourcing.''  I remind my colleagues I was a member of the International Association of Machinists at a sheet metal factory, the Waterloo Register in the town of Cedar Falls, IA. We made furnace registers. I started working there in 1961, when I was a young member of the Iowa Legislature, to supplement the income of a citizen legislator, and also to supplement the income of a young farmer getting started at that time because I was only farming 80 acres at that time. Even in 1961, you could not make a living farming 80 areas. You could not make a living getting $3,000 every other year being an Iowa legislator. So I became a factory worker.  At about 1971, the people who owned our company decided people in Texas would work for less money than people in Waterloo, IA, so they moved the plant to Texas. Our job was shut down. Our job was lost. The outsourcing was not to China, it was to Texas. I presume that 25 years later there were jobs that moved from Iowa to Texas that eventually moved to Mexico, and then it was not long Mexico was losing jobs from Mexico to China. Now we hear about jobs moving from China to someplace else, where somebody is going to work someplace else for a lower wage. I guess when you have a planet of 6.5 billion people, and people want to eat, they want jobs, somebody is going to seek that work and do it. So I believe I have been a victim of outsourcing not to China but to Texas. But it is still a problem today, and it is one for which we have to have sympathy.  Senator Dorgan, obviously, presents a great case for those people. But I want people to know I have lived through that and know what it is like when I am commenting because I do not want people to think I am unsympathetic to outsourcing. But I think we have to recognize the economic facts of life, whether it is my job at the Waterloo Register in Cedar Falls, IA, or whether it was 250 years ago when manufacturing jobs left Great Britain to come to the Colonies in the United States of America.  Now, I want to say, unfortunately, Senator Dorgan's amendment--if it is the same one we saw in 2004. And you can tell from the debate that we just had that we do not have the language on these amendments, and we are begging for them. Anybody who believes in transparency of Government ought to get these amendments out here. There is no reason to be secretive about the people's business because everybody is watching us right here on television. We are not trying to hide anything. So we need to see those amendments.  But the point is, if it is like the amendment in 2004, that amendment will not do one thing to bring jobs back to America. In fact, it could very well cost even more U.S. jobs. I would like to explain, then, why I come to this conclusion.  This amendment, if it is similar, repeals deferral for property imported into the United States by a foreign subsidiary of a U.S. company, without regard to whether that property was ever previously produced, manufactured, or grown in the United States.  This means the amendment by Senator Dorgan fails to focus on their primary complaint that U.S. companies are shutting their plants, moving production offshore, and selling back into the United States. The bill does not focus on this scenario. Instead, it overshoots the mark by hitting all goods sold into America by U.S. companies, even if it is impossible for those goods to be produced in America.  For example, if a produce company sets up a banana farm in Costa Rica to import bananas into the United States and around the world, the income from sales to the United States is not eligible for deferral. I may be mistaken on this point, but I am not aware of too many banana farms in Texas or Florida, so I do not see how allowing a banana farm in Costa Rica is going to cost U.S. jobs.  Similarly, if a U.S. company wanted to start a mining operation in some faraway land to extract a new and exotic mineral that is not found at home, they could see that anywhere in the world, but they cannot import that back into the United States without triggering the impact of this amendment.  Or let's look at coffee. We have a lot of coffee shops on our streets these days. If they set up their own coffee plantation in Brazil, they would be hit by the Dorgan amendment. I think we only raise coffee in one State in the United States, and maybe they do not do that in Hawaii anymore. But there is not much coffee raised in the United States. We sure do not raise it in my State of Iowa.  Our friends from New York and New Jersey ought to consider the effects of this amendment on Puerto Rican residents who work in plants owned by subsidiaries of U.S. companies. Many of the U.S. multinationals have manufacturing subsidiaries in Puerto Rico that import products into the U.S. market. Since our Tax Code treats Puerto Rican corporations like foreign corporations, this amendment would hit those companies very hard. But it would not hit their foreign-owned competitors who sell into the United States.  It seems Senator Dorgan's amendment would allow a U.S. company to sell a foreign-produced good to anyone in the world except Americans, but it would allow a foreign-based company to sell those same goods to Americans. When you stop to think about looking out for the benefit of Americans, this does not make any sense.  I have described how the bill would operate, but I do not think this is the intent of the legislation. What I believe is intended is that deferral should be denied if a company closes a U.S. plant, produces the goods offshore, and then imports the goods back into the United States.  This does not actually happen very often. We have had this debate before. The last time I spoke on this issue was when we were debating the JOBS bill back in 2004. I do not think much has changed since then.  At that time, the latest Department of Commerce data on U.S. multinationals showed that only 7 percent of foreign subsidiary sales were into the United States--only 7 percent.  Nevertheless, this amendment insists that the rule of ``deferral'' in our tax law is somehow a ``tax benefit'' that moves jobs offshore and allows you to not pay taxes on foreign income. This is not true, of course. Deferral has nothing to do with moving jobs, and it never forgives taxes that are owed on foreign profits of U.S. companies.  Many U.S. companies, however, choose to reinvest their foreign earnings in foreign markets, and so the U.S. tax on those earnings is, then, indefinitely deferred.  As Senator Dorgan noted, the JOBS bill, that we call the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, did contain a provision that provided U.S. multinationals a temporary ability to receive dividends from their foreign subsidiaries at a reduced tax rate. Now, it is important to note that companies could only avail themselves of this reduced rate on an amount of earnings they identified in SEC filings as ``permanently reinvested.'' That is a legal term, which means they had no intention of bringing that money back to the United States.  Senator Dorgan's characterization of that provision is misleading, and I would say in two ways. First, Senator Dorgan calls the repatriation provision a tax cut of over $100 billion. To arrive at that huge number, the Senator's calculation must assume these companies would have brought close to $340 billion of their foreign earnings home in the absence of the repatriation provision of the JOBS bill.  Now, the fact is--and I get this from scoring by the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation--this provision has a cost to the Treasury of not $100 billion but $1.9 billion over 5 years and $3.3 billion over 10 years; and it actually scored as a revenue raiser in the first year of $2.8 billion.  Now, I plan on looking at the actual results of this repatriation provision when all the facts are in, after the fact. You are kind of guessing before you pass a bill. But after it has operated for a couple years, then you get a chance to get a real look at it. So we are going to look at this repatriation provision. But the Joint Committee on Taxation must have scored this provision as a raiser in year 1, and a relatively small cost over 5 and 10 years, because 5.25 percent of a large amount that was repatriated is a lot more than 35 percent of a much smaller amount that would have been repatriated otherwise.  In other words, it is not as much money coming back into this country, and if it does not come back here, it is not taxed.  I am not here to defend the repatriation provision or those companies that laid off workers or took advantage of the repatriation provision. I am just as troubled by those announcements as Senator Dorgan. I am simply pointing out that Senator Dorgan's characterization of that provision as a $100 billion tax cut is extremely misleading.  Second, Senator Dorgan talks as if the repatriation provision was the cornerstone of the American Jobs Creation Act, and it was kind of an appendage. In fact, the repatriation provision was a very small part of the bill. One of the key pieces of the JOBS bill was the manufacturing deduction which does actually give a tax break for companies that manufacture, leaving jobs here or creating jobs here. The Joint Committee on Taxation scored this provision as a cost to the Treasury of $76 billion over a 10-year period. That is, in fact, a tax cut, and it is a tax cut that will maintain jobs in America and will create jobs because one of the problems for American corporations compared to international competition is the high tax rate that we have on corporations compared to a lot of other countries. Those other countries are waking up. Just look at Ireland, look at Europe, what we are talking about doing now--sometimes through the European Union, sometimes through individual countries. They are seeing great advantage by reducing the corporate tax rate in their respective countries.  Two years ago, we thought we had moved ahead of them. Now they are following suit. We may have to go back and look at our corporate tax to find out if we are going to continue to be noncompetitive.  I would like to go back to the deferral issue. The rule of deferral exists to keep U.S. companies competitive in the global marketplace. Deferral is not something new. It has been in our tax laws since 1918. We have debated the rule of deferral on several occasions, and we will no doubt continue to do so when we debate tax reform proposals.  Opponents of deferral too often make wild accusations about how this rule, which has been in place since 1918, spells doom for the American worker. Of course, none of this is true. In fact, just the opposite is true because we must always be vigilant about enhancing international competitiveness for our U.S. companies. Hence, deferral ensures an ever-growing base of opportunity for U.S. companies and, more importantly, their employees at home and abroad.  U.S. multinationals are a critical component of our economy. These companies operate in virtually every industry and, the last time I checked, have investments of more than $13 trillion in facilities located within the United States. As employers, they provided 23.5 million jobs for Americans in the year 2001. That was nearly 18 percent of the payroll jobs in the United States. They had a payroll of $1.1 trillion. When you go back to this debate we had in the year 2004, I noted at that time that the U.S. multinationals created more than 53 percent of the manufacturing jobs in America and employed more than two U.S. employees for every foreign worker. Those were the latest years for which I had figures, but I have no reason to believe it is different today.  During the 10 years from 1991 to 2001, U.S. multinationals increased domestic employment at a faster rate than the overall economy. A recent study confirms that U.S. multinationals are significant job creators, and those jobs are not created through ``exporting'' jobs to foreign nations with low-labor and low-tax costs, as Senator Dorgan contends. The Department of Commerce data shows that the bulk of the U.S. investment abroad occurs in high-income, high-wage countries.  Again, referring to the year 2001, 79 percent of foreign assets and 67 percent of foreign employment of U.S. multinationals were located in high-income, developed nations such as Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, and the countries of the European Union. We have to remember a very simple maxim for why companies go into foreign markets: 4 percent of the people in the world live in the United States. If you want to create jobs in America and you just want to sell to that 4 percent, you are going to have a very limited market. Whether you are in agriculture, like I and my son and grandson are, selling corn and soybeans overseas, or whether you are manufacturing John Deere tractors, whatever you are manufacturing, if you want prosperity, you go where the market is. That is the 96 percent of the people who don't live in the United States.  Again, referring to that debate on the JOBS bill in 2004, fully 95 percent of the world's population and 80 percent of its purchasing power--so the only new thing I am giving is not that 96 percent of the people live outside of the United States, but 80 percent of its purchasing power--is located outside the United States. Foreign sales growth has outstripped domestic sales growth. So our companies are taking advantage of selling to the rest of the world. This increased growth requires increased employment wherever you can find it. The good news is that foreign growth also results in U.S. job growth.  A recent study confirmed that during the 10 years from 1991 through 2001, for every one job that U.S. multinationals created abroad, they created nearly two U.S. jobs in their parent corporations. That is why it is critical to our economy that U.S. companies remain competitive in the international marketplace.  I would like to review a more rational explanation of deferral and how it works to keep our U.S. companies competitive. The United States taxes all of the worldwide income of its citizens and corporations. The U.S. income tax applies to all domestic and foreign earnings of U.S. companies. The United States fully taxes income earned overseas by foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies. However, many foreign countries tax their companies on a territorial basis, meaning that they only tax income earned within their country's borders and don't impose tax on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries. Major countries using this territorial system of corporate taxation are Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Sweden, and Switzerland. A company from one of these countries that uses the territorial tax system has great advantage over U.S. companies.  For example, a U.S. company with a Singapore subsidiary will pay U.S. tax and Singapore tax on the subsidiary's income. A French company with a Singapore subsidiary will pay Singapore tax but no French tax. This means that a U.S. company in Singapore has a higher tax burden than a French company in Singapore. Two basic tax rules answer this problem and seek to put U.S. companies on a level playing field with foreign competitors from territorial countries. The first rule says that when foreign income is brought home, the U.S. allows a reduction against U.S. tax for any foreign taxes paid on that income. The foreign tax credit prevents the U.S. from double-taxing foreign earnings which would make our companies noncompetitive in the international marketplace. And like deferral, this has been in the tax law since 1918.  The foreign tax credit, however, is limited. It may only offset the U.S. tax on that income which is currently imposed at a 35-percent rate. If the foreign tax rate is higher, the credit stops at 35 percent. If the credit is lower, say 10 percent, then additional U.S. taxeswill be owed up to the full 35 percent. In this example, an additional 25 percent of the taxes would be owed to the United States, which is the difference between the 10 percent and 35 percent of the U.S. rate.  The second basic tax rule is that U.S. companies are allowed to defer U.S. tax on income from the active business operation of a foreign subsidiary until that income is brought back into this country, usually in the form of dividends paid to the U.S. parent. This is referred to as the rule of deferral, meaning that the U.S. tax is deferred until the earnings are brought back. This is the rule the Dorgan amendment attacks.  It is important to note that deferral is not the forgiveness of tax. It simply means that we impose the full U.S. tax when foreign earnings are repatriated to the United States instead of doing it the very day of earning. The reason that we defer tax on active business operations is so that U.S. companies can remain competitive with foreign companies that have a different system of taxation than what we have. I am referring to what I called the territorial tax. We don't defer tax on passive activities like setting up an offshore bank account or other passive investments. We tax passive activities yearly. But active operations are subject to competitive disadvantage.  For example, if we impose U.S. tax today on the profits of a Singapore subsidiary, then the U.S. company will pay a 35-percent tax in the United States, net of any Singapore taxes, but that French competitor located right next door in Singapore will pay only the Singapore tax. If the Singapore tax rate is less than 35 percent, which is the U.S. tax rate, then the French competitor will have a tax advantage. Who wants to give any advantage to a French competitor? This is because the United States allows a foreign tax credit to offset the U.S. income tax imposed on those foreign earnings but only up to the 35 percent U.S. corporate rate.  If the foreign rate is less than the U.S. 35 percent rate, then residual U.S. taxes are owed on the difference between the U.S. tax rate and the foreign rate. For example, if a Singapore tax is 15 percent and the U.S. tax is 35 percent, then the United States will impose an additional 20 percent on those Singapore earnings. The French company, however, would only pay the 15 percent Singapore tax. If we did not allow deferral on that additional 20 percent of tax, then the U.S. company today would have a 20-percent tax disadvantage compared to the French company.  The question on repealing deferral is whether we want to hand over the world market to companies from France and Germany and other countries that have a different system of taxation than we have, called the territorial system. Repealing deferral means that we export our high U.S. tax rates to U.S. corporations around the globe. The United States has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world. There are few countries with rates higher than the United States. This means that without deferral, U.S. companies will be at a continual worldwide disadvantage compared to their foreign competitors.  That is why we defer U.S. tax on active business operations, so that U.S. companies can be competitive in the global marketplace.  Some Senators have proposed repealing deferral or cutting back on it, as Senator Dorgan's amendment would do. These proposals would export the high U.S. tax rate to U.S. operations around the world. That would be fine if all companies around the world were paying the high U.S. tax rate, but, as I have said so many times, they are not. We have one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world. Companies of foreign countries are not subject to our tax laws and are usually taxed at lower rates. This all brings us back to the implications of Senator Dorgan's proposal. It would enhance the competitive advantage of foreign-owned multinationals over U.S. multinationals.  Our focus in considering this amendment must be on the ability of American companies to compete within the United States as well as in foreign markets if we want to maintain and create jobs in America. The issue is not whether we tax foreign earnings currently but whether we cede the U.S. market to foreign competition.  The Dorgan amendment will increase taxes on U.S. companies, but their foreign competitors in the U.S. will not face a similar tax increase. This can lead to a loss of domestic market share, or even if market share is maintained, losses may be incurred on domestic sales because of pricing pressures and uncompetitive margins created by the additional tax burden.  No one is happy when companies move abroad to a tax haven to avoid U.S. tax. But let me tell you another side effect of the proposal to eliminate and cut back on deferrals. In the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004--that bill I always referred to as the JOBS bill--we enacted a provision that prevents corporate inversion, where a company would pretend to move its corporate headquarters to Bermuda, to a simple post office box there, and do it not because they are going to do anything productive there but for the sole purpose of avoiding U.S. taxes. Many U.S. multinationals complained that inversions were necessitated by an inability to compete with foreign-owned multinationals that aren't subject to the higher U.S. tax rate.  We should be proud, then, that we shut down those inversions, those shell corporations, those postal box corporations which do nothing over there except go there to avoid tax and then make the situation even worse for honest corporate taxpayers in America that are paying the tax into the Federal Treasury. But in the process of doing that, we didn't do it at the expense of repealing deferral. Now that we have shut down inversions, if we repeal deferrals, or significantly cut back on them, the only other alternative that would be available to U.S. multinationals would be to sell themselves to foreign companies or to be taken over by a foreign company in a possible hostile takeover. If we prevent U.S. companies from deferring their foreign profits, we will see more and more U.S. multinationals being bought out by foreign-owned multinationals. Tax changes have consequences.  Increasing taxes on U.S. multinationals will not bring jobs back to America. You only pay taxes if the company is profitable, and you only stay profitable as long as you remain competitive. But in the United States, taxes are 35 percent cost-to-profit, and that is where a competitiveness disadvantage can occur when a U.S. company is competing against foreign companies that will not incur this tax increase.  Senator Baucus and I held hearings a couple years ago regarding the effects of the international competition within the United States, so we as leaders of the Finance Committee are very familiar with the effects of these kinds of rate differentials.  I think a quote by Joseph Guttentag, international tax counsel of the Clinton administration, during testimony before the Finance Committee in July of 1995 is a very good place to end this debate. So I end with this quote:       Current U.S. tax policy generally strikes a reasonable      balance between deferral and current taxation in order to      ensure that our tax laws do not interfere with the ability of      our companies to be competitive with their foreign-based      counterparts.  Now, if that position just expressed by Joseph Guttentag, international tax counsel in the Clinton administration, the last Democratic administration, testifying before a Republican Congress, isn't good enough evidence that the route Senator Dorgan wants to go is the wrong route and a route contrary to previous leaders of his own party, then I don't know what will be evidence that this position is going to make American companies uncompetitive, not go to the marketplace of the other 96 percent of the consumers around the world outside the United States, and consequently creating jobs in the United States, and I don't know what it takes to convince him that position is a wrong position for the United States and is so different than what we have traditionally had for the Tax Code since 1918. When I say 1918, that goes back almost to the beginning of the income tax in the United States.  I yield the floor.  