 President, I think we have a Secretary who is working hard on it. There are problems, but at the same time, we are writing a million prescriptions a day without incident. Beneficiaries are saving a lot of money.  I spoke with the Senator from Florida about how the average premium is now $25 a month, 20 percent lower than we first projected. I spoke with the Senator from Florida about the lower drug costs, saving the taxpayers dollars as well. Just this year, the benefit, as I said, will cost $8 billion less than originally thought. The 10-year cost has dropped by $180 billion.  I heard from a couple in Iowa who are saving nearly $2,800 a year. Another Iowan is saving $1,750 a year. And here is another one. A person from Massachusetts is saving $17,000--$17,000--a year on medicine because they are participating in this program.  Getting this level of savings depends on strong competition among the plans, and we have that. Many people will remember the skepticism on whether many plans would participate at all. Some would say that we have too many choices and that is why beneficiaries need more time. Those choices, in fact--let me put it this way: It is not just choices, but because of choice, we have competition keeping premiums low, and they are letting people pick the plan that best suits their medical needs.  My amendment strikes an effective compromise, I believe, to Senator Nelson's amendment, which is before us. Senator Nelson's amendment calls for a unilateral extension of the enrollment deadline right now, and it would extend it until the end of the year and into the enrollment period of next year.  As I said, I think it is premature to make that decision now. Some people think 6 months is not enough time to make a decision on a plan. Yet millions are enrolling even now.  Many people are also concerned about the late enrollment penalty. This penalty is modeled after the way Medicare Part B has worked since its origination in 1966. There is a late enrollment penalty in Part B that anybody who doesn't sign up for it when they get to be 65 will pay, and that is there to encourage people to enroll early and to think of Part B as not some Government program, just a Government program, but to see all of this--whether it is Part B or it is Part D, as in drugs--as an insurance policy.  People who are 65 today thinking about signing up for the Part D drug program under Medicare may be very healthy and may think they have never taken a pill in their life and that they will never take a pill, but that is today when they are 65. They are not going to know what their health needs are when they are 70 and maybe get sick and have to take a lot of medication.  It is a little bit as if you were never going to have a car accident, you would never buy car insurance. If you were never going to have a fire in your house, you would never buy fire insurance. But Americans see insurance as a very useful tool, a necessary tool to manage their risks, and our seniors and disabled people ought to see this as an insurance policy, maybe not needed today, but that will be needed some day, and they ought to be enrolled.  Obviously, if you didn't have that penalty in Part B and now in Part D, the drug part, then who would ever sign up until the day before they have to buy their first pill, just as you would not buy your car insurance policy until the day before you were going to have a car accident.  So I hope people see it as a good investment, as an insurance policy, as it has been for Federal employees for the last 40 years.  The late enrollment penalty is designed to encourage enrollment, and as with other coverage of insurance, it spreads these costs across many enrollees. The more people enroll, the lower the costs are for everyone.  So if the Senator from Florida wants to keep these costs continually low, get more people under the umbrella, sell an insurance policy, as he has been so successful selling people on the importance of keeping Senator Nelson in the Senate.  The open enrollment creates an enrollment deadline. The deadline that is involved in the open enrollment period encourages people to act, to get the protection against unexpected drug costs. We all know that people sometimes wait until they need coverage to get it. It would be the same as if only people with a burning house get fire insurance. If you waited until the day before your house was going to burn down to buy fire insurance, fire insurance would be awfully expensive. That leads to higher costs for everyone.  For the same reasons then, there is an enrollment period and a late enrollment penalty under Medicare Part B, not at all a new idea. The premise of the Nelson amendment is that Congress needs to override that 6-month open enrollment period and make it even longer. The Nelson amendment would do that today even though enrollment is on track. It would extend the open enrollment period now even though we don't know whether it will be necessary 2 months from now. It presupposes a bad outcome to the enrollment of Part D of Medicare. It plans for failure, and I think this plan, particularly with how successful the competition is, for failure is wrong.  Frankly, I think Senator Nelson's amendment has the potential to do more harm than good, regardless of his good intentions. Without the pressure of that May 15 deadline, many beneficiaries may forgo savings by putting off their decision.  Now, it may turn out that the enrollment period needs to be extended, as I said in my first remark to my colleague from Florida. And if that is the case, then my amendment would give the Secretary the authority to do that right away. No further congressional action would be needed.  Under my amendment, if in 2 months the Secretary determines the enrollment period should be extended, if enrollment is lagging, for example, then he has clear authority to do that.  My amendment would also automatically delay the late enrollment penalty if the enrollment period is extended by the Secretary of HHS.  My amendment would provide the funding needed to continue the open enrollment period. This funding is needed to continue the round-the-clock operations of the 1-800 Medicare number, and the expanded operations for that open enrollment period.  I close this debate by reading an editorial from the New York Times in 1966. This was an editorial about the implementation of the original Medicare Program we have had on the books since 1966. A quote from the New York Times:       But as Medicare gets underway, the danger is that the      strains on it will generate pressures for unsound change.      They will come from those who will be disappointed because      they have been led to expect too much as well as from those      who see failure in every shortcoming. Changes will come in      time, but they should be made on the basis of Medicare's own      experience. This great new experiment must be given ample      time to get over its growing pains.  Those growing pains for Part D Medicare are now just 2\1/2\ months old. So I go back to the first sentence, for the consideration of my friend from Florida, ``that the strains on the system will generate pressures for unsound change.'' I think his is an unsound change. This quote speaks volumes about our current situation with Part D Medicare.  I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and to oppose the Nelson amendment.  Mr. President, do I have to ask to have a previous amendment set asidein order to send my amendment to the desk?  