 President, we are back at taxes once again. What the people of this country are going to be hearing in the debate for the most part is very similar to what we discussed in this Chamber back in the second and third week of November of last year. Thinking of how to give a picture to this debate, I picked as a starting point the fact that tomorrow is Groundhog Day. I think you see a portrait of Punxsutawney Phil, the famous groundhog. Tomorrow, is he going to see his shadow? If he does, then we have 6 more weeks of winter. If he doesn't, then spring is here. I guess that is the way it has been for 100 years or maybe longer.  Punxsutawney is in Pennsylvania, and Phil is the name of the groundhog. In thinking of Phil and his impending weather report, I also thought of a popular film entitled ``Groundhog Day,'' which starred Bill Murray, in which a man relives the same day, Groundhog Day, over and over and over. This film has taken on greater significance for me as I seem to be in a similar situation. More than just a sense of deja vu, I feel I am reliving a past experience because starting this hour, we are going to begin debate on a Senate tax reconciliation bill. Yet I seem to remember that we had this debate. I referred to these debates in the first words of my time when I said that we did this starting Wednesday, November 16, 2005. That was at 3:35 Wednesday afternoon. We took up S. 2020, the Tax Relief Act of 2005. I want to hold this up here. This isn't just any little document we took up; it is a tax bill, expiring provisions. Everything in this, when we were discussing this on November 16, was reenacting provisions that sunset December 31, 2005, so that there would not be an automatic tax increase on the American people. We are in a situation that if we don't get this done pretty soon and a year from now people are filing their taxes for 2006 and 2007, they are going to have big tax increases. One that is very obvious to everybody is the alternative minimum tax, which I will discuss in a minute. 