 President, as chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, I chair a committee that has jurisdiction over international trade. We find ourselves being both a participant and an observer of Doha Round negotiations under the World Trade Organization. Those negotiations are in a very determinative state; success will be made, I believe, during the month of April or the Doha Round, for all practical purposes, would end--not in the minds of the WTO or in the minds of the 148 nations other than the United States but as a practical matter. If things are not done by the end of 2006 and the President's authority for trade promotion running out in July of 2007, there will not be time for us to get something done before trade promotion authority runs out.  I would like to have trade promotion authority for the President continued beyond July 2007. I would try to promote that, but we saw very close votes on CAFTA and other trade agreements; there is a protectionist trend in the Congress--maybe not in the Nation as a whole but at least in Congress--that might keep us from getting trade promotion authority reauthorized.  I comment in these few minutes on where we are on the Doha Round and what I expect to happen and leave the message, if it does not happen very soon, this round could be dead.  As we enter the final months of the WTO Doha negotiations, I am very concerned the bright promise of a world far less burdened with often crippling, market-distorting trade barriers may be slipping from our grasp. In particular, I am very troubled by the fact that nearly 5 years after WTO members adopted the Doha ministerial declaration that launched this round of global trade talks, some of our WTO negotiating partners still seem willing to forgo this very historic opportunity that Doha represents to open highly protected agricultural markets.  We now have less than 4 weeks to go to meet the WTO's new April 30 deadline to reach agreement on what is referred to as modalities or, another wayto put it, a roadmap for how we will achieve our specific market-opening objectives in the agricultural negotiations. This deadline, similar to most of the others, also appears to be elusive.  