 Today's discussion, as the famous words go, is deja vu all over again.  First of all, we heard the words ``sweetheart deal'' for drug companies. If drug companies had their way, they would want no formularies, which is what the Wyden amendment would require. These drug companies would want all drugs covered regardless of cost. So don't tell me this is a sweetheart deal. If we didn't have formularies like we would have if the Wyden amendment is adopted, then all drugs would be covered regardless of cost. Then they would not have to compete. But this legislation requires competition building upon the practices that we have used for the Federal employee health plan for 40 years. We patterned this legislation after that because that is what saves money.  I am beginning to lose count of the number of times that this issue has come before us. So I have to keep repeating--but it doesn't seem to sink in--that the Medicare Modernization Act does not prohibit negotiations with drug companies. Nothing could be further from the truth. But hearing the last speech, one couldn't come to that conclusion. In fact, the law requires Medicare plans to negotiate with drugmakers for better prices. These negotiations are at the heart of the Medicare drug program.  It is an absurd claim that the Government will not be negotiating with drugmakers comes from the noninterference clause in the Medicare law. The noninterference clause does not prohibit Medicare from negotiating with drugmakers. What it does is it prohibits the Center for Medicare Services from interfering with these negotiations.  To be clear, the noninterference clause is at the heart of the bill's structure for delivering prescription drug coverage. This clause ensures those savings will result from market competition rather than through Government price fixing. The average beneficiary premium is $25. That is $12 less than the $37 that was estimated less than 12 months ago, going back to July of last year. That clearly demonstrates that the law's structure is accomplishing that objective and then some; otherwise, we would have $37-a-month premiums or more instead of the average $25 premiums that we have.  This year's cost to the Government then is $8 billion less than what we thought it would be last July. The 10-year cost has dropped by $180 billion, as we tried to estimate ahead what programs might cost 10 years into the future.  The Center for Medicare Services and the Consumers Union have reported that beneficiaries are getting substantial savings under this drug benefit. These plain and simple facts ought to take the wind out of the sails of the argument that private companies can't deliver an affordable benefit for our beneficiaries and even for the taxpayers. These plans can deliver, and they are delivering. That is competition, not something that they set out to do. That is the market forces bringing down prices.  Some might say: Well, if the plans can do that, imagine what the big bureaucracy of the Federal Government can do. To those folks, I urge a word of caution. First, the Government doesn't have such a great track record when it comes to price negotiation. When we considered the Medicare Modernization Act, the Center for Medicare Services' actuary reported that drugs in Part B:       Were reimbursed at rates that, in many instances, were      substantially greater than the prevailing price levels.  Even The Washington Post editorial of February 17, 2004, said:       Governments are notoriously bad at setting prices, and the      U.S. Government is notoriously bad at setting prices in the      medical realm.  My second point is beneficiaries don't have one-size-fits-all prescription drug needs. They need choices. Forty-four million different Americans have 44 million different solutions--or you can't have one plan fits all, I guess is what I should say. The companies offering the drug benefit must offer coverage for a wide array of brand and generic drugs. The companies also are offering plans with lower or even no deductible. Many are offering additional coverage so that there is no doughnut hole.  The bottom line is the approach taken in the Medicare Modernization Act has resulted in affordable choices for beneficiaries while saving the taxpayers money.  When we crafted this act, the Congressional Budget Office concluded that the market-based approach would result in better prescription drug cost management for Medicare than any other approach that was being considered at that time by the Congress. Here is what the Congressional Budget Office said about eliminating the noninterference clause in a letter last year:       The Secretary would not be able to negotiate prices that      further reduce Federal spending to a significant degree.  The Congressional Budget Office went on to say:       CBO estimates that substantial savings will be obtained by      the private plans.  That estimate is now a reality.  We also had an analysis from the chief actuary for the Medicare program.  The chief actuary for the Medicare program, who is required by law to provide independent actuarial analysis on issues facing Medicare, concluded that he does not:     believe that the current Administration or future ones would      be willing and able to impose price concessions that      significantly exceed those that can be achieved in a      competitive market.  In fact, more astonishingly, the chief actuary pointed out that if Medicare establishes drug price levels it will reduce competition not increase it.  The report stated that the     establishment of drug price levels for Medicare by the      Federal government would eliminate the largest factor that      prescription drug plans could otherwise use to compete      against each other.  So let's be clear, direct Government negotiation is not the answer. The Government does not negotiate drug prices. The Government sets prices and it does not do a very good job at it.  The law's entire approach is to get beneficiaries the best deal through vigorous market competition, not price controls.  The new Medicare drug benefit creates consumer choices among competing, at-risk private plans.  It is abundantly clear that Medicare plans have leveraged the buying power of millions of beneficiaries to lower drug prices.  I urge my colleagues to oppose efforts to change the law and oppose efforts to get the Government involved in setting drug prices.  It is a prescription for higher costs and fewer choices for beneficiaries.  