 President, I appreciate hearing from all my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, about everything that is wrong with the AMT because there is a lot wrong with the AMT. But I take great pleasure in trying to remind, particularly my Democrat colleagues, that a Republican-controlled Senate and House in 1998 completely repealed the alternative minimum tax. They completely repealed it, sent it to President Clinton, and he vetoed it. So I don't want anybody telling me how bad the alternative minimum tax is and that something ought to be done so that middle-income Americans, who were never intended to pay the tax, don't get caught paying it.  Besides the repeal that we proposed in 1998, I can also point to a lot of tax bills since then where we have done what we call hold-harmless so no more people are hit by the alternative minimum tax because of tax changes that you make in any tax bill which indirectly, then, affects who might pay the alternative minimum tax.  So I specifically want to take issue with the remarks of my colleague from Iowa, Senator Harkin. It was suggested the tax cuts have contributed to this AMT problem. That demonstrates a complete misunderstanding of what we have done in several tax bills, going back to the year 2001, or it at least doesn't give us credit for proposing repeal of the AMT in 1998.  It is true that we are required to act to extend the hold-harmless provision as the Senate has done in Senate-passed reconciliation bills and in the years going forward--the bill we are on now and in the bills going forward. But that is the point of the hold-harmless. Of course, it is critically important that we included AMT relief in our bill. Moreover, it has been the subject of public debate, as all my colleagues likely know. But we take issue with analyses that suggest that tax cuts are the source of enhancing the AMT problem. Quite to the contrary, the fact is that failure to index the alternative minimum tax for inflation for the last 35 years is the key source of the problem.  I don't know why folks cannot own up to that fact and recognize that at a minimum we are going to have to index the alternative minimum tax going forward, if it is meant to serve its original purpose of hitting just very high-income people who avoid paying any income tax through use of legal loopholes and not hit middle-income Americans.  Again, for the understanding of my colleague from Iowa who spoke on this point--but other people have spoken on it as well, mostly from the other side of the aisle--in 2001 and 2003, in those tax bills, we made sure that the alternative minimum tax would not impact any more taxpayers as a result of the tax reductions of those bills.  So it is entirely wrong to say that tax cuts bring about the AMT problem or that we don't care about that problem or that we didn't do anything about that problem because we did in each of those tax bills.  We have to continue to uphold the promise that we made that we were not going to tax any more people with the alternative minimum tax.  This is a very important part of this reconciliation bill that we passed back in November that we are now making a rerun of this year.  This bill includes $30 billion of alternative minimum tax relief to ensure that Senator Harkin's argument is, in fact, untrue, and it is also untrue as far as the 2001 tax bill and the 2003 tax bill is concerned.  I wish to give some figures so people know what this is. It is not just in the State of New Jersey, as we heard from the junior Senator from New Jersey. It is not just a problem in Illinois, where we heard from the junior Senator from Illinois. It is not just a problem in Massachusetts, as we heard from the Senator from Massachusetts. The alternative minimum tax problem is a problem in Iowa as well.  Another point that my colleague brought up--I don't think anybody else has talked about the arcane issues of what we call PEPS and Pease. I don't want to say those things without explaining what they are. They were put in, I think, in the 1990 tax bill because nobody wanted to go over the 40-percent marginal tax rate. Yet they wanted to raise more money and have a higher marginal tax rate on a little higher income people.  What was done in that tax bill to camouflage a higher marginal tax rate was to leave the marginal tax rate at 39.6 percent, but for certain people above--for certain people of higher income--then phase out a lot of the exemptions that every other taxpayer can use and effectively raise the marginal tax rate--I do not know for sure, around 42 percent--maybe people who were involved in subchapter S corporations, maybe even a marginal tax rate around 45 or 46 percent. I am not sure exactly what those percentages were.  But the idea was the terms ``PEPS'' and ``Pease'' were put into the Tax Code to camouflage higher marginal tax rates by making it look like nobody ever paid a tax rate above 39.6; whereas, the fact was a lot of taxpayers got hit at a marginal tax rate above 40percent--in some cases quite a bit above 40 percent.  I am very troubled by the comments of my colleague regarding PEPS and Pease because they are hidden in the marginal tax increase that affects millions of Americans, including thousands of Iowans. We have 32,906 Iowans that are hit by the Pease part of the Tax Code on their returns. And we have 14,000--almost 15,000--Iowans that are hit by what we call the PEPS part of the Tax Code on their returns.  If somebody tells me that these are tax cuts for the millionaires, let me tell you, I know that we don't have 32,900-plus, or 14,900 millionaires in my State of Iowa.  So we are talking about camouflaging the Tax Code to raise the marginal tax rate on a lot of middle-income Americans.  That was done in the 1990 tax bill. Starting this year, under the 2001 tax bill, these are gradually going to be phased out.  I think it is truth in taxing, truth in packaging, that if you have a marginal tax rate of 35 percent, it ought to be a marginal tax rate of 35 percent. And you shouldn't remove a lot of exemptions from a certain number of people to raise it up to 40 or more percent. If you want to tax people that high rate of taxation, you ought to have the guts to do it.  We took those camouflage things out of the Tax Code because we wanted a marginal tax rate of 35 percent which was transparent, with no hidden additional taxes.  Now it is said that we are trying to benefit millionaires through this, when 33,000 and 15,000 people--that would be 48,000 people in my State--are being hit by those taxes.  To listen to my colleagues, you would think that PEPS and Pease was paid only by millionaires. Nothing could be further from the truth. PEPS and Pease hit millions of families, two-income families that are struggling to pay their mortgage, as most Americans do, struggling to send their children to college, as most families do, or people who want to contribute to their churches and charities, as most middle-income Americans do.  In fact, the families hit by PEPS and Pease are very often the same families hurt by the AMT that my colleague was expressing so much concern about.  PEPS and Pease is bad tax law. It is dishonest tax law. It complicates the Tax Code. It hurts families and discourages charitable giving. It is bad tax law that needs to be shown the door.  We did that in the 2001 tax bill, truth in taxing, and somebody is finding fault with it. It isn't a millionaire tax. Keeping PEPS and Pease is a ``Full Employment for Accountants Act'' because of that complicated Tax Code, and the people who have to deal with it are going to hire more accountants to accomplish the goal that we have.  We have heard from many Senators today, singing the old song that the problem of the deficit before us, the budget deficit, is because we cut taxes. The tax cuts that have brought about our economic growth and created millions of jobs is good policy. I don't expect anybody to accept Senator Grassley, the Senator from Iowa, making that statement. There is no one with better credibility on economic and tax policies than Chairman Greenspan. And he has made it very clear that the 12 quarters of economic growth that we have had, creating 4.6 million new jobs, and a higher rate of growth than we had even during the 1990s--and most of my Democrat colleagues would think the 1990s was the best economy you could ever have. But in fact, the economic growth of the last 12 quarters is higher than the average growth we had during the previous administration. Chairman Greenspan said that the tax cuts are responsible for this growth.  To get back to the reality of deficits, it is caused by record spending. It is done by Republican Congresses or Democratic Congresses, whether we have a Democratic President or a Republican President. Spending beyond our means has caused our budget deficit problem.  Because of the tax cuts, revenues are way up--record highs projected.  Chairman Greenspan gives Congress credit for the tax cuts of 2003 bringing about the best economic growth we have ever had and which has resulted in $270 billion more coming into the Federal Treasury from income taxes in 2005 than we had in 2004; in fact, so much beyond projection that we had $70 billion more coming in throughout 2005 than we even thought we would have coming January 1, 2005.  The answer is not to raise taxes and hurt our economy. The answer is to do something on the spending side of the ledger.  We can say, after the vote in the House of Representatives this very day by a 2-vote margin, they passed our budget reconciliation bill, saving $39.6 billion over the next 5 years that Congress would have otherwise spent if we had not passed that measure. We didn't get any help from the other side of the aisle on getting this budget reconciliation through.  That came from the fiscal responsibility of people on this side of the aisle.  Whether it is tax cuts, spending cuts, tax increases, whatever the issue might be, if you listen to your people in town meetings--and I only have the opportunity to listen to Iowans in my town meetings because I don't represent anyplace else in the country--I know I don't have people coming to me and saying: I am undertaxed, tax me more. But I surely have people come to my town meetings and saying: You guys are responsible for your spending there in Washington, DC. Get your spending down.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  