 3569, the U.S.-Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act, we have solidified our commercial relations with Oman, a longstanding friend and ally for over 200 years. The agreement will result in new economic opportunities for U.S. farmers, manufacturers, and service providers.  None of this would have been possible without the support of my colleagues. In particular, the Senator from Montana, ranking Democrat of the Committee on Finance, Senator Max Baucus. I want to thank Senator Baucus for his cooperation and good faith in moving this legislation through the Senate with bipartisan support. We would not be here today without his strong commitment to raising the living standards of people in the United States and abroad.  Senator Baucus's trade staff deserves recognition. The Democratic Staff Director on the Finance Committee, Russ Sullivan, and the Deputy Staff Director, Bill Dauster, worked well with my staff and provided helpful insight throughout the process. I also appreciate the efforts of Brian Pomper, Chief International Trade Counsel, as well as Demetrios Marantis, Anya Landau, Janis Lazda, and Chelsea Thomas.  I would also like to thank President Bush for his leadership. His commitment to improving the U.S. economy through increased access to foreign markets has made this agreement a reality. Oman is just one of his latest successes on this front.  The dedication of two former United States Trade Representatives, Robert Zoellick and Rob Portman, merits special thanks. Their efforts at the negotiating table produced a comprehensive, commercially-meaningful agreement. I would like to recognize the current United States Trade Representative, Susan Schwab. Ms. Schwab was confirmed in her current position after negotiations of the agreement were concluded. Her consultations with the U.S. Congress are appreciated. Her negotiating skills and experience make her well suited for future talks. I also appreciate the service and hard work of Assistant United States Trade Representative for Europe and the Middle East Shaun Donnelly.  My trade staff on the Finance Committee deserves recognition. First, my Chief Counsel and Staff Director, Kolan Davis, merits special mention. His legislative expertise has been instrumental in moving countless bills. The work of the Finance Committee's International Trade Counsel, David Johanson and Stephen Schaefer, is invaluable. Their depth of knowledge, dedication, and ability to juggle several policy issues at that same time is key in advancing the Committee's trade agenda. Their long hours are much appreciated. I would like to recognize my former Chief International Trade Counsel, Everett Eissenstat. While on my staff, he worked diligently on this agreement and others. I want also want to thank Tiffany McCullen Atwell, International Trade Policy Advisor on the Committee for her hard work that produces results behind the scenes. Claudia Bridgeford, International Trade Policy Assistant, has also contributed significantly to the Committee's work. Russ Ugone, my detailee from Customs and Border Protection, has lent us his technical expertise.  I am grateful to Justin McCarthy, Assistant United States Trade Representative for Congressional Affairs, and Andy Olson, Deputy Assistant United States Trade Representative for Congressional Affairs, for their work with Congress on the U.S-Oman Free Trade Agreement.  Finally, I would like to thank Polly Craighill of the Office of the Senate Legislative Counsel for the long hours she put into working on this legislation. Without her patience and hard work, today's vote would not have been possible.  I look forward to the signing of this legislation into law by President Bush.  