 President, Senator Kennedy repeats the old demagogic saw about capital gains and dividends being only tax benefits for the wealthy. The facts are very different. I have two charts here which will show how wrong he is. One of these charts deals with capital gains. The other one deals with dividends.  Dividends is the first one to which I make reference because, in the State of Massachusetts, you can't have all these wealthy people benefiting from the 15-percent dividend tax instead of what he would prefer, the 20-percent dividend tax. Don't forget, again, as I referred in my opening remarks, these are year 2003 figures, so it could be a lot more than that right now, but these are the most up-to-date Internal Revenue Service figures we have.  In Massachusetts, we have 589,897 taxpayers who benefit from the 15-percent capital gains dividend. Don't tell me that all 589,000 of those are millionaires. Massachusetts may be a very wealthy State, but it doesn't have that many millionaires in it. So somewhere along the line, Senator Kennedy ought to wake up to the fact that there are a lot of middle-income and common folks in his State who are benefiting from the 15-percent tax on dividends instead of having a 33-percent increase in that tax and having it go back to 20 percent.  My friend from Montana did make a correct judgment that this is not running out right now. But the point is that when you are asking people to invest to create jobs in America, they have to have the long-term view of that investment. If you want to encourage investment to create jobs, people have to know what the tax law is for the long term, not for the short term.  The point is, in order to persecute a few millionaires, Senator Kennedy wants to punish the many. And the many are the 589,000 people in his State who benefit from the 15-percent tax on dividends.  Let's go to the number of people in that State who benefit from the 15-percent capital gains tax. There are 212,000 people in Massachusetts--again, I remind you these are 2003 tax year figures because that is the most up-to-date we have from the IRS. There are more today, probably. But there are 212,000 people in Massachusetts, taxpaying families and individuals, benefiting from the 15-percent capital gains tax. Those are not wealthy people.  Again, you get back to the point of whether we ought to persecute the few, the few millionaires he is talking about, persecute them and at the same time punish 212,000 people in the State of Massachusetts. I don't think so. I don't think it is good policy.  I hope this Congress is able to have a sensible tax policy that not only includes sensible levels of taxation, but if you look at all the dividends that are being paid out today that wouldn't have otherwise been paid out, you think you would come to a conclusion that is a sensible policy because we have tens of millions of taxpayers deciding how the profits of a corporation are going to be spent instead of a few thousand chief executive officers of those same corporations deciding how it is going to be spent. When millions of taxpayers are making those decisions, it is going to respond to the dynamics of our economic system and create more jobs and important prosperity than when a few corporation executives keep all those profits internal in a corporation making those decisions.  I don't think we ought to be persecuting a few to punish the many.  When it comes to these motions to instruct, we may have some motions to instruct on this side of the aisle that will set the record straight on what we are trying to accomplish and give people opportunities to vote on good economic policy and good tax policy as well as bad economic policy and bad tax policy that we are getting from some on the other side of the aisle.  In 2003, a bipartisan Congress lowered the top tax rate on dividends and capital gains to 15 percent through December 31, 2008, and for low- and middle-income taxpayers to 5 percent through 2007 and zero percent through 2008.  I filed six motions to instruct conferees to report back a conference report that includes the extension of these tax rates through 2009 and through 2010, the same as the House of Representatives has.  Critics of this policy claim these are tax cuts for the rich that make a budget deficit worse because they want to persecute the few and in the process punish the many. But I filed these motions that are going to tell the other side of the story; that when you have sound tax policy which encourages the economy to grow, we are also going to reduce the deficit.  Besides, let me suggest to you that I don't know how it is in other States, but I don't run into very many in my State who are saying I am undertaxed, tax me more. But I run into people day after day in almost every one of my town meetings where they are complaining about the overspending of the Congress of the United States.  In regard to the other side of the story and the motions to instruct that I filed, the lower rates of capital gains and dividends have produced several positive effects. They benefited low- and middle-income families in a meaningful way.  Can't you see that when you have a very low tax rate for certain low-income people, as one example? For low- and middle-income taxpayers, it will be 5 percent through 2007 and zero percent through 2008. This is going to encourage people to save to a greater extent, particularly people who have a lower income and don't have the ability to save.  These lower tax rates have reduced the tax burden on senior citizens who rely on their investment incomes during retirement. They have contributed to our economic recovery and continue to help the economy grow. They have made capital investments in America more competitive with the capital investment in other countries. With the globalization of the economy, that is something we always have to be cognizant of in this Congress, that you can't have a tax policy that makes our corporations, particularly in manufacturing, uncompetitive with manufacturing overseas.  Finally, these tax rates have helped impose transparency and discipline on corporate managers which is critical to protecting investments and workers.  I may or may not seek a vote on these motions to instruct, but I want to go through each one of these points which I made so that when Members come over to vote tonight, they will know some of the rationale behind Republican motions.  The lower rates on dividends and capital gains have benefited low- and middle-income families in a meaningful way. That is the third time I have said that in the last 5 minutes. But we have to get away from this attitude of persecuting a few and in the process punishing the many.  I don't know whether they on the other side of the aisle realize it, but when they want to persecute a few millionaires, they are punishing hundreds of thousands of people--I guess it is millions of people, if you take all 50 States, but I was making reference to the State of Massachusetts.  According to the Internal Revenue Service estimates for 2003 tax return data, about 10 million low- and middle-income taxpayers have $34 billion of income taxed at the 5-percent rate and saved at least $1.7 billion, or about $170 per taxpayer on average.  I know what I am going to hear from the other side. Well, $170 is nothing. Why don't we let the taxpayers of this country decide whether they would rather spend that $170 or that we ought to spend it for them?  I can guarantee if they invest it, or if they spend it, it is going to do more economic good than if I spend it for them as a Member of Congress. That is the way the dynamics are and the way society works. Money spent by the Government doesn't turn over as many times in the economy as it does if it is spent in the private sector.  At these 2003 levels, these taxpayers I have referred to save a heck of a lot of money. Don't forget, in 2008 that rate drops to zero percent.  My motion would instruct the conferees to ensure that Congress won't raise the annual tax bill on low- and middle-income taxpayers at the 2003 levels. That tax increase would be at least $3.4 billion. That is an average of $340 per taxpayer.  Senior citizens benefit from lower tax rates on dividends and capital gains. They have reduced the tax burden for senior citizens who rely more than working people do on investment income, and they need this particularly during retirement.  According to IRS estimates for 2003 tax return data, about 57 percent of the tax returns for taxpayers age 65 and older had taxable dividends income. That is over 6.5 million tax returns. These taxpayers rely on investment income, and particularly dividend income in their retirement. Low- and middle-income seniors pay tax on this dividend income at the 5-percent rate instead of 20 percent or 15 percent. That rate for these low-income seniors is going to drop to zero in 2008. Other taxpaying citizens, those with higher incomes, paid at the 15-percent rate, but that was instead of paying at the 35-percent rate.  We need to instruct the conferees that Congress won't impose a new tax on low- and middle-income seniors and more than double the tax on other taxpaying seniors in 2009 and 2010. In other words, we need to tell the other side to quit persecuting a few because in the process you punish the many.  In this particular case, why would they be crying about what we might be doing to senior citizens in one of the recent speeches and then stand there and want to increase the tax rates from zero percent to 35 percent for some of these people who are senior citizens?  Also these reduced tax rates on dividends and capital gains have contributed tremendously to our economic recovery and continue to help our economy grow. They reduce the cost of capital for American businesses and increase return on investment, enhancing economic growth, creating more jobs, and expanding the tax base.  Companies are responding to shareholder demand created by the lower 15-percent rate on dividends by paying record levels of dividends.  According to the Congressional Budget Office, capital gains realizations increased significantly in 2003, 2004, and 2005, causing capital gains tax revenues to be $62 billion higher over those years than were projected before we changed this law.  Don't tell me that $62 billion more coming in, according to the CBO--not a partisan like me; they are nonpartisan--$62 billion more didn't benefit the Treasury and reduce the deficit by reducing taxes. You know what you get out of this--a growing economy. That means more jobs, and 44.7 million jobs have been created since this tax policy has been in effect. The unemployment rate has dropped during the same period of time from 6.1 percent to 4.7 percent.  I feel very strongly, just as the other side wants to persecute the few to punish the many by going after what they call millionaires, that we ought to state the reality: that is, my motion to instruct the reality of keeping these tax rates so the economy continues to grow.  The progrowth policy will not expire at the end of 2008 or at the end of 2009 because investors who need the long-term view of investing know what the law is going to be and are going to make decisions.  The lower rates have done another thing--they have made our businesses more competitive with the global economy. And other countries around the world, having lower tax rates than we have, have jumped ahead of our businesses. Even with the United States at 50.8 percent, we still have the eighth highest tax rate on corporate income among the 30 nations in the OECD. For every dollar an American corporation makes on its U.S. investments, more than half of it ends up in Federal and State governments. Without the lowerdividend tax rate, it would have been nearly 63 cents of every dollar, ranking second only behind Japan.  High taxes on capital investment make the United States less attractive compared within investment opportunities in other countries. That costs us jobs. In today's global economy, we should do everything we can to ensure the competitiveness of our businesses.  In this process of persecuting a few, the few millionaires, punishing everybody, you are punishing the people who need jobs, and who lose jobs because our businesses can't be competitive because our cost of capital is higher than global competition. Also, there is a benefit to a motion to instruct for transparency of how a corporation works. The lower rates have helped impose transparency and discipline on corporate managers. That is very important to protecting investors and, particularly, jobs for our workers.  The high tax on dividends causes corporations to favor debt financing over equity financing, leaving more highly leveraged businesses vulnerable to economic downturns. High dividend taxes reduce the demand to receive and thus the incentive to pay dividends, leading corporate managers to invest in wasteful and unprofitable projects and to hide the results from their investors and their workers.  On the other hand, the reduced tax rate on dividends lessens the disparity between debt and equity financing, thus heightening demand for dividends, thus contributing to more transparency and more accountability of corporate managers for their decisions.  It seems to me in this post-Enron era, we need to instruct the conferees to ensure that the transparency and the discipline imposed on corporate managers by lower dividend taxes and critical to protecting investors and workers is not threatened by this expiration date in 2009 and 2010.  I yield the floor.  