 President, I spoke earlier this morning against cloture. Cloture passed, which for the public listening means there are 60 percent or more in support of stopping debate, and there is under the rules the possibility of 30 hours of debate. I don't intend to probably speak for more than a half hour, so if anybody is interested in how long postcloture debate might go on, it won't go on very long from my point of view. But I do want to take some time to tell people, even though it is quite obvious this nominee will be approved, why I think he should not be approved.  I placed a hold on this nominee for quite a few weeks. That hold obviously was ignored by the leader when he filed cloture, which is his right to do. I voted against cloture because I take my constitutional duty to conduct oversight of the executive branch of Government very seriously, and I think the nominee is standing in the way of Congress doing its oversight of the agency of which he is now Acting Director and will probably soon be the confirmed Director. That sort of lack of cooperation violates the separation of powers and the checks and balances within our constitutional system.  I hope my colleagues know that I take a great deal of time to make sure that we do both jobs we have the responsibility to do here in the Congress. One is to pass laws. But the one we are never taught much about in political science classes is the constitutional job of oversight, which is the responsibility to make sure the laws are faithfully executed and money is being spent according to congressional intent, and the overseeing of the administrative branch of Government. So I take a great deal of my time in the Senate trying to make Government work not just by passing laws but by making sure they are faithfully executed. I don't do that all by myself as a single Senator. I have good staff. I charge my staff to conduct oversight rigorously and to investigate any areas where the Federal Government is failing to be transparent, accountable, and effective. Transparency is so important, because the public's business, which is everything about the Federal Government, ought to be public. If the work of the executive branch fails thesniff test and the law is not being faithfully executed or the public's business is not being made public, that is when it is my constitutional responsibility to blow the whistle.  Quite frankly, I don't want to take credit for what I am able to blow the whistle on, because there are a lot of good, patriotic employees in the executive branch of Government who also know it is their constitutional responsibility to execute the laws and spend the money right. When they see it isn't happening, and particularly when they go up the chain of command and don't get results, or when taxpayers monies are being wasted and it seems nobody cares, then they exercise the right they have under laws to blow the whistle to Members of Congress.  So we obviously count on whistleblowers--in other words, patriotic Federal employees--who report something wrong when people above them don't care. 