 President, on Senator Baucus's criticism of the charts that I used, let me say that thecharts reflect the data of the Committee on Joint Taxation. I explained how the Committee on Joint Taxation is a professional group, not a Republican group or a Democrat group. They are paid by the taxpayers of this country to be experts on tax policy. I challenge many of my critics, and the sympathetic ears that these critics have in the east coast media, to also use the joint tax data because in a lot of the presentations already, and today, we are going to hear statistics that don't come from the green eyeshade people who have no political ax to grind in the Joint Tax Committee but, quite frankly, come from liberal think tanks who do have a political ax to grind.  I ask Democrats to use Joint Tax Committee data. I think my friends on the other side have an issue with the perspective of the charts. The charts I used earlier take into account the tax savings taxpayers enjoy relative to their tax burden. Democrats tend to look only at the tax benefit. They ignore the taxes people pay. That is where there is a very real difference. It is philosophical. The charts I used are accurate.  On the number of taxpayers by State, the source is the Internal Revenue Service, not a conservative or liberal think tank.  Finally, on the need to do an extension now, just ask folks in the market whether this decision to extend the capital gains and dividend tax provisions ought to be done now or in the year 2008. We hear that it is very important to have a long-term tax policy if you are going to encourage investment, and that is why we are extending this now at this particular time.  I would also like to refer to some comments that were made by the Senator from New Mexico. He spoke about the impact of one of our offsets for policy long term, speaking about the Roth IRA being the wrong kind of policy to put in this bill.  It is interesting to hear my friends on the other side criticize the Roth IRA conversion provisions in the conference report. One would be led to believe that this protaxpayer provision is somehow an evil Republican idea that the Democrats have never seen before. But I am afraid that my friends on the other side of the aisle have a short-term memory. They are giving this Finance Committee chairman and my Republican colleagues too much credit.  I wish I could take credit for what is called the Roth IRA. Maybe it could be called the Grassley IRA. But I can't. There is another Finance Committee chairman, not a Republican, who first laid out the exact IRA conversion proposal that is in the conference report we are going to vote on today.  Way back in 1991, there was a chairman of the Finance Committee, a famous Senator from Texas, by the name of Lloyd Bentsen. He introduced the identical provision as part of what they called the Tax Fairness and Savings Incentive Act of 1991. If the Roth IRA--later named the Roth IRA--was tax fairness in 1991 when the Democrats wrote it, it is tax fairness in 2006 as it comes back in a conference report.  Chairman Bentsen's bill would have allowed all taxpayers, regardless of income, to convert amounts from traditional IRAs into the new Roth-styled IRA account that he also proposed. In fact, the only difference between Democratic Chairman Bentsen's original proposal and the provision in the conference report is Chairman Bentsen's bill would have given taxpayers 4 years to pay tax on converted amounts compared to the shorter 2-year period under the provisions in this conference report.  But some may ask: Was Chairman Bentsen just a lone Democratic voice in the wilderness on this issue without support from fellow Democrats at that time in 1991? Not surprising to those of us who had the honor of serving with Senator Bentsen, it wasn't just his idea. His bill was introduced with 13 Democrats as original cosponsors, and it has a prominent list of Democratic cosponsors, many of whom are still serving with us in the Senate today. In fact, I can point to my good friend from Montana, Senator Baucus, as one of the original cosponsors of Chairman Bentsen's bill. Let me name some others: Akaka, Dodd, Inouye, Lieberman, Mikulski, and Senator Pryor's father was also an original cosponsor. So this is not a new idea, nor is it a Republican idea. It is an idea which has had bipartisan support in the Finance Committee and the Senate for the past 15 years, ever since Chairman Bentsen first proposed it. Indeed, the Bentsen bill was just the beginning of a long bipartisan history of this provision. So why today is there not bipartisanship on this issue?  In the next Congress, after Senator Bentsen became Treasury Secretary under President Clinton, the bill was introduced. Senator Roth--who would, of course, later become Finance Committee chairman--introduced Senator Bentsen's former bill, including the proposal that would become known as the Roth IRA conversion proposal. Senator Roth introduced this bill with a bipartisan list of 57 original cosponsors, 24 of whom were Democrats.  In the next Congress, Senator Roth reintroduced his bipartisan legislation with 52 cosponsors, and 18 Democrats were cosponsors of that bill, including Minority Leader Reid and Senator Kerry. It was a good proposal for the Democrats then. So why is it not a good proposal today?  Democrats say they are concerned about the budget deficit, but we all know our deficit was much larger as a percentage of GDP in the early 1990s than it is today. The real question is, Do my Democratic friends really oppose this protaxpayer provision that merely creates a level playing field when it comes to access to retirement plans or do they only have this objection because the provision is part of a progrowth tax relief bill that the Democratic leadership has decided to oppose today?  The bipartisan history of this concept didn't stop when Democratic Chairman Bentsen became Secretary of the Treasury. Roth IRAs became law in the Tax Relief Act of 1997. The Senate version of that legislation allowed all taxpayers to convert traditional IRAs to Roth IRAs, the same as the conference report before us this very day.  That bill passed the Senate--now listen, that bill passed the Senate. The exact thing we are doing today passed the Senate by an overwhelming 80-to-18 bipartisan vote.  When an income limit was placed on Roth IRA conversions during the conference negotiations in the 1997 act, the Senate came back the very next year in the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act and again showed bipartisan support for expanding the eligibility for Roth IRA conversions. Expanded Roth IRA conversion eligibility was part of the Senate bill which passed unanimously 97 to 0. So obviously Democrats voted for it then. It was also included in the final conference report which passed the Senate 96 to 2.  I hope this makes it very clear that this isn't a provision which came out of thin air. This isn't a Republican proposal. This isn't a budget gimmick. This is a provision which Democrats have long supported. This is a provision which was proposed by a Democratic chairman of this committee. This is a bipartisan provision. And most importantly, it is a good provision. Good policy makes good politics. It is a protaxpayer provision. This is a provision which means all Americans have access to the same retirement plans. This is a provision which brings in real revenue to the Federal Government. This is a provision which will increase tax compliance in an area in which there is much room for improvement. This is a provision which rewards those who work hard, pay their taxes, and do what we need to do more of: save for retirement. That is why it has such a long history of bipartisan support. It also is why it is a very good part of this conference report.  I would think people on the other side of the aisle would be ashamed of damaging the very good image Senator Bentsen had as a U.S. Senator, as a Democrat, as chairman of the Finance Committee. Why don't they honor his reputation as a Senator and vote for provisions he had that are in this conference report rather than being so partisan?  Mr. President, my friend from Montana referred to a report published by Federal Reserve staff, and I would like to make a few comments on that.  The report compares U.S. and European stock values during brief periods of time before and after the lower rates were announced in late 2002 and enacted in 2003. Since U.S. and European stock values moved together, the report concludes that the lower rates hadno effect on the aggregate market value of U.S. stocks.  The report was written by members of the Federal Reserve staff. It does not represent the views of the Federal Reserve itself. In fact, Chairman Alan Greenspan has repeatedly testified before the Congress that lower rates on dividends and capital gains represents good tax policy, and Ben Bernanke has cautioned that not extending the rates soon could negatively impact the economy.  I am not an economist, but it seems to me that the analysis of these Fed staffers is overly simplistic for at least four reasons:  First, the analysis covers a very short period of time--2 months surrounding the President's proposal in January 2003 and 4 months surrounding enactment of the reduced rates in May 2003. Looking at such a short period of time, the Fed staffers only tried to determine if the news of the tax cut had an effect on the U.S. market. Now, I am a believer in the efficient capital markets theory to some degree, but it can't be that simple. Surely, the broader, longer term benefits of these lower rates on the economy should be considered more than simply the news of their enactment.  Second, the analysis essentially assumes away all other factors during that short period of time could affect U.S. markets and European markets differently. It is hard for me to understand how this assumption could be valid. If that was true, then why would anyone consider investing in European stocks as a diversification strategy?  There is a multitude of factors that would seem to affect the U.S. and European markets differently, given how complex the U.S. and European economies are. The Wall Street Journal article that described this report noted a few things that ``might have contributed to a rise in European stocks or a drop in the U.S. market during the review periods'':  In the U.S., some companies reported weaker than expected earnings, while some European firms reported strong earnings;  There was a terrorist bombing in Saudi Arabia that ``rattled'' the U.S. market;  There were concerns about the weak dollar.  Third, the analysis assumes that the impending war in Iraq would affect U.S. and European stocks equally. Again, I am not an economist, but I find this assumption hard to believe.  Fourth, the Fed staffers' analysis does nothing to convince me that taxing something less doesn't make it worth more. It is common sense that people value assets based on how much those assets put in their pockets on an after-tax basis. So if the Government taxes certain investments less, it makes those investments worth more, relative to other investments. Of course, there are many other factors besides tax policy that affect investment value. But we should do what we can in terms of tax policy to promote economic growth.  The Wall Street article concludes with a quote from Michael Thompson, director of research at Thomson Financial, that ``attributing stock market gains to one isolated factor risks being `intellectually dishonest' ''. It would be just as intellectually dishonest to point at this simplistic study as a reason to raise taxes on dividends and capital gains.  Mr. President, my friend from Montana criticized the charts I showed earlier that showed how lower income taxpayers, relative to their tax burden, have more at risk than higher income taxpayers. In light of Senator Baucus' criticism of those charts, I want to go into detail regarding how the statistics were calculated by my Finance Committee staff.  To get a clear picture of the relative benefits of this tax policy, I have taken another step in the distributional analysis.  I looked at the size of the tax benefits in relation to the total tax liabilities that these taxpayers bear.  The results of this analysis show that, among taxpayers who benefit from this tax policy, those with less than $50,000 of AGI benefit more from this tax policy, especially when the lower income tax rate drops from 5 percent to zero percent.  According to the JCT data, 6.3 million tax returns with adjusted gross income of less than $50,000 benefited from the reduced tax rates on dividends.  The aggregate total income tax liability of these taxpayers was $12.4 billion, which is an average of $1,968 per tax return.  In 2005, the lower tax rates on dividends saved these taxpayers $600 million in the aggregate at an average of $95 per return.  In 2008, if we assume the same data, the elimination of dividend taxes for lower income families will save them an additional $350 million, which is an average of $56 per return.  In total, this tax policy will save $950 million, or an average of $151 per tax return.  That produces a savings of 7.6 percent for these taxpayers.  Tax returns with more than $200,000 in adjusted gross income would save $6.5 billion in the aggregate, or an average of $2,964.  These numbers, of course, are much bigger than the savings numbers for the less than $50,000 of AGI category. But these numbers represent only 2.2 percent of this group's total tax liability.  The estimates for capital gains show that 3.6 million tax returns with under $50,000 of AGI will report a savings of $680 million from lower tax rates on capital gains, or an average of $189 each, producing a 10.2-percent tax savings.  Those with $200,000 or more in AGI will save $13.7 billion in the aggregate or $11,421 each on average. To be sure, these dollar numbers are much higher than the less than $50,000 group, but as a percentage of total tax liability, it is only 7.6 percent, lower than the savings of the less than $50,000 group.  And what about seniors?  2.4 million tax returns filed by seniors with adjusted gross income of less than $50,000 benefited from the reduced tax rates on dividends.  The aggregate total income tax liability of these taxpayers was $4.4 billion, which is an average of $1,833 per tax return.  In 2005, the lower tax rates on dividends saved these seniors $500 million in the aggregate at an average of $208 per return.  In 2008, if we assume the same data, the elimination of dividend taxes for lower income seniors will save them an additional $250 million, which is an average of $104 per return.  In total, this tax policy will save seniors $750 million or an average of $312 per tax return.  That produces a savings of 17.1 percent for these taxpayers.  Four hundred thousand tax returns for seniors with more than $200,000 in adjusted gross income would save  $2.7 billion in the aggregate, or an average of $6,775 each, representing a 5.7-percent savings.  The estimates for capital gains show that 1.5 million tax returns will be filed by seniors with under $50,000 of AGI, reporting a savings of $305 million from lower tax rates on capital gains or an average of $204, producing a 13.2-percent tax saving.  Seniors with $200,000 or more in AGI will save almost 3.8 billion in the aggregate or $12,633 on average representing a 10-percent savings.  Now, I have a couple charts that summarize the tax savings as a percentage of total income tax liability across AGI levels.  This chart illustrates the relative savings from reduced dividend taxes across AGI levels.  Opponents of this policy want to persecute these taxpayers by taking back their 2.2 percent savings.  But at the same time they will punish these taxpayers by taking away their 7.6 percent savings.  And they will punish these seniors by taking away their 17.1 percent savings.  This chart illustrates the relative savings from reduced capital gains taxes across AGI levels.  Opponents of this policy want to persecute these taxpayers by taking back their 7.6 percent savings.  But at the same time they will punish these taxpayers by taking away their 10.2 percent savings.  And they will punish these seniors by taking away their 13.2 percent savings.  As this data shows, the tax policy enacted by Congress in 2003 to lower taxes on dividends and capital gains has provided meaningful benefits to taxpayers across the income spectrum, not just the rich.  In fact, lower income taxpayers will save more than higher income taxpayers when measured as a percentage of total tax liability.  These lower rates have allowed millions of taxpayers to keep more money in their pockets to spend or add to their savings through reinvestment in the economy, rather than give it to the Federal Government to spend.  I yield the floor.  