 President, the Senate is about to pass the Port Security Improvement Act of 2006. This important legislation is the result of months of hard work between the Committee on Finance, which I chair, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. I thank again Chairman Stevens and Chairman Collins, as well as Senator Coleman, Senator Inouye and Senator Lieberman, and of course Senator Baucus, the ranking member on the Finance Committee, for coming together with me to produce a significant and balanced piece of legislation that advances both the trade and economic security interests of our Nation.  As I have noted previously, those who intend harm to our Nation seek to inflict economic as well as physical injury. We must be mindful of both concerns as we defend the homeland. I am pleased to say that we in the Senate have done our part. The committees of jurisdiction came together, worked together, and produced a bill that will empower the Department of Homeland Security, and in particular the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to better meet the dual responsibilities of securing the homeland and protecting the economic security of our Nation. Our legislation has been on the floor for a week, during which the Senate has worked its will. I look forward to working out our differences with the House so that we can get this legislation to the President's desk as soon as possible.  I want to take a moment to thank the many staff who have worked so hard and so long to make this legislation a reality. On the Finance Committee, that begins with my chief counsel and staff director, Kolan Davis, whose skilled leadership is key to the advancement of my agenda on the committee. My international trade counsel, Stephen Schaefer, deserves special mention. Stephen is a very smart trade counsel, a creative problem solver, and a dedicated public servant. Tiffany McCullen Atwell, my international trade policy adviser, also deserves special mention. Tiffany was tireless in her efforts and a very strong and effective advocate for the Finance Committee. Together, their hard work and advocacy contributed significantly to the development of this legislation. I also want to recognize the other members of my trade staff, David Johanson, who serves me as international trade counsel, and Claudia Bridgeford, my international trade policy assistant. Their support is critical to my success.  Senator Baucus's trade staff also deserves recognition. The Democratic staff director on the Finance Committee, Russ Sullivan, and the deputy staff director, Bill Dauster, worked well with my staff throughout the process. I also appreciate the efforts of Brian Pomper, Senator Baucus's chief, international trade counsel, and in particular Senator Baucus's international trade adviser, Anya Landau, who worked so closely and so well with my staff in this effort. And I want to acknowledge the other members of Senator Baucus's trade staff, Demetrios Marantis, Chelsea Thomas, Janis Lazda, and Mary Lisa Madell.  Finally, I would like to thank Polly Craighill, senior counsel in the Office of the Senate Legislative Counsel, for the many hours she put into drafting and improving this legislation. Not only is Polly a perfectionist, but she also drives others to meet her high expectations and for that I am personally grateful. The bill before the Senate is much improved by virtue of her patience, dedication, and expertise.  