 I want to address that issue now so that I get it addressed properly as a senior member of the Senate Finance Committee.  Everyone in this body knows that small businesses are an extremely important and dynamic part of the U.S. economy. I wish to say, and I often do, that small business is the employment machine of our economy.  President Obama agrees with that. Small businesses have generated 70 percent of the net increase in jobs in the United States over a long period of time. Three weeks ago, we debated this issue during the budget resolution debate. During the debate, the Senate spoke on this point, because Senator Cornyn had a small business tax relief amendment. That amendment passed by an overwhelming vote of 82 to 16.  America's small businesses have been suffering during this recession. If you go back to your States frequently, as I do, you will hear about it from your small businesses very directly. A few weeks ago, Senator Landrieu and Senator Snowe held a hearing on the crunch hitting small business. They found that big banks have been cranking down lending to small businesses. At a time we are putting more money into big banks, why? I do not know that we got an explanation. I have been trying to get an answer out of Treasury on whether banks receiving the bailout money have been similarly squeezing out small business customers. I am still waiting for an answer from our Treasury Department.  A very good source of answer, though, as we turn elsewhere, an answer about the environment of small business, is found in the monthly surveys of small businesses conducted by the National Federation of Independent Business. We all know about the NFIB, the largest small business organization. NFIB has been conducting these surveys now for 35 years.  The membership of that organization includes hundreds of thousands of small businesses all across America. You can find the survey on NFIB's Web site www.nfib.org. I wish to encourage every Member to check out this month's survey, because I am going to be referring to it with charts I have with me.  The survey shows some extremely disturbing trends on credit availability. Small businesses depend on credit. Small businesses are getting squeezed very hard. That chart is up now. As you can see, the chart shows the availability of loans has fallen off the cliff as late as 2007 and gets worse as you get into 2009.  You see on the right side of the chart the sharp downturn evidencing the lack of ability of small businesses to get loans. This credit crunch as well as other factors has contributed to the near record low in the NFIB's index of small business optimism. I wish to have you view this, something like we regularly view, the University of Michigan's monthly index on consumer confidence.  The NFIB takes surveys regularly. This chart shows small business owners turning extremely pessimistic in the last couple of years. You can see how that has ``downturned'' very rapidly at the right end of the chart. What you see here is the attitude of decisionmakers in small business of America,the people who create the jobs. Those are the decisionmakers for the businesses that President Obama and we in the Congress agree are most likely to grow or contract jobs.  The pessimism evidenced by the chart is at its second lowest point in the 35-year survey. This data should concern every policymaker in this body. As bad as the two sets of charts are, I have a worse picture.  This chart shows the net increase or decrease in small business hiring plans. The survey asks the small business owner simply whether he or she plans to expand, on the one hand, or contract, on the other hand, employment over the next 3 months.  As you can see even more dramatically, look at the right-hand side of the chart here. If I said on those others to the left hand, in each case I was talking about the right. I do know the difference between the left and right hand. But as you can see even more dramatically on the other two charts, this chart shows small business activity contracting tremendously.  Small business hiring plans are at their most negative level in the entire 35-year history of this survey, again, the right side of the chart. Let me repeat, because it is so important, this goes back to 1974, those surveys. Since NFIB started doing them, the likelihood of small business owners adding workers has never been worse.  With this pessimism, we should not be surprised then that job losses for small businesses have been growing dramatically. The national employment report recently released by Automatic Data Processing shows 742,000 nonfarm private sector jobs were lost from February to March 2009. Of those 742,000 lost jobs, 614,000 or 83 percent, were from small business.  The President's recent efforts to increase lending to the small business sector are commendable. The centerpiece of his small business plan will allow the Federal Government to spend up to $25 billion to purchase the small business loans that are now hindering community banks and other lenders.  Unfortunately, that is only a drop in the bucket.  Remember that small business accounts for about half of the private sector. Moreover, the positives that will come to small businesses from this relatively small package of loans--which will ultimately and obviously have to be paid back--will be heavily outweighed by the negative impact of the President's proposed tax increases. Helping small businesses get loans just to take that money back in the form of tax hikes is not helping the economy or small businesses.  The President's budget proposes to raise the top two marginal rates from 33 percent and 35 percent to 40 percent and 41 percent respectively, when PEP and Pease are fully reinstated. President Obama's marginal rate increase would mean an approximately 20 percent marginal tax rate increase on small business owners in the top two brackets.  Many of my friends on the other side will say that while they agree that successful small businesses are vital to the success of the U.S. economy, the marginal tax increases for the top two brackets will not have a significant negative impact on small businesses. I take exception to that argument. They used Tax Policy Center data, and I want to show why that should not be allowed.  Proponents of these tax increases seek to minimize their impact by referring to Tax Policy Center data that indicate about 2 percent of small business filers pay taxes in the top two brackets. In testimony before the Senate Finance Committee, the liberal think tank, Center on Budget Policy and Priorities, also used that figure. Moreover, Secretary Geithner has testified using that figure. They argue that a minimal amount of small business activity is affected.  However, there are two faulty assumptions to this small business filer argument.  The first faulty assumption is that the percentage of small business filers is static. In fact, small businesses move in and out of gain and loss status depending on the nature of the business and the business cycle. The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation has indicated that, for 2011, approximately 3 percent of small business filers will be hit by these proposed higher rates. These statistics compare to a 2007 Treasury which showed 7 percent of flow-through business owners paying the top rate. In the latest analysis, when the impact of the alternative minimum tax is fully included, that percentage may drop some.  The second faulty assumption is that the level of small business activity, including employment, is proportionate to the filer percentage. This is where the argument is hogwash.  According to NFIB survey data, 50 percent of owners of small businesses that employ 20-249 workers would fall in the top two brackets. You can see it right here on this chart. It shows what I am talking about. According to the Small Business Administration, about two-thirds of the Nation's small business workers are employed by small businesses with 20 to 500 employees.  Do we really want to raise taxes on these small businesses that create new jobs and employ two-thirds of all small business workers? Of course, we don't. But that is exactly what the majority is going to do if they follow the President's lead.  With these small businesses already suffering from the credit crunch, do we really think it's wise to hit them with the double-whammy of a 20 percent increase in their marginal tax rates?  Newly developed data from the Joint Committee on Taxation demonstrates that 55 percent of the tax from the higher rates will be borne by small business owners with income over $250,000. This is a conservative number, because it doesn't include flow-through business owners making between $200,000 and $250,000 that will also be hit with the budget's proposed tax hikes.  If the proponents of the marginal rate increase on small business owners agree that a 20 percent tax increase for half of the small businesses that employee two-thirds of all small business workers is not wise, then they should either oppose these tax increases, or present data that show a different result for this group of people.  As we prepare for the conference on the budget resolution, the President and the congressional Democratic leadership have an opportunity to change course. They have an opportunity to revisit the tax heavy, spending heavy, and debt heavy budget they have passed 2 weeks ago. Both budgets would perpetuate the double whammy of constricted credit on the one hand and high taxes on the other, directed at America's job creation engine--small business.  In the coming days, we Republicans will try to persuade our Democratic friends who have all the controls of fiscal policy to change course for the benefit of small business that we all agree ought to be our first concern. One way they can change course is to focus, like a laser beam, on jump-starting the Nation's job engine--small business America. We need an upturn in the small business optimism index that is contrary to what this chart shows. We need to reverse the direction of this sharply downward sloping arrow. If we ignore this negative environment, we are just kidding ourselves. We need to change course and reverse this even more sharply downward sloping hiring plan arrow.  That is where the President and Congress agree we need to get more job growth. As we take the final steps on the budget, let's match that budget with this reality  I yield the floor.  