 Regardless of whether the other side has 60 votes, my friends on the other side still have a problem they want to not have the public concentrate on; that is, that the pending bill still raises taxes on middle-income Americans. The Reid modification did nothing to reverse this fact.  I will take a few moments to illustrate the winners and losers under the bill. We start with a question: If a person is not receiving a subsidy for health insurance under the bill, then how can the person receive a tax cut? This is a relevant question because the White House and the majority leadership continue to proclaim that the bill is a ``net tax cut'' for middle-class Americans. For example, on Wednesday, December 16, a senior White House aide wrote:       The bill being considered represents a substantial net tax      cut for middle income families.  So I think that statement begs more questions. Who do you believe? TheWhite House, on the one hand, or on the other hand, the nonpartisan independent experts upon whom we on Capitol Hill rely for judgment--the people who are not political, the Joint Committee on Taxation?  This committee tells us that in 2019, a little more than 13 million individual families and single parents would receive the government subsidy for helping people under 400 percent of poverty buy health insurance. The Joint Committee also tells us that the number of tax filers in 2019 will be 176 million people. If people are wondering why we talk about 2019, it is the budget window from now until the end of the 10-year period of time that we call a ``budget window.'' That means out of--comparing this 13 million to the 176 million taxpayers, 13 million people receiving the subsidy and 176 million tax filers--that means out of that 176 million individuals, families, and single parents, only 13 million of them would receive a government subsidy for health insurance. That is only 7 percent of the tax filers. It is pretty important to understand that only 7 percent of Americans will benefit from the subsidy for health insurance.  We have a pie chart so people can see exactly what I am talking about. This says 176 million taxpayers, with 13 million receiving the subsidy. This means 163 million families, individuals, and single parents--or 93 percent of all taxpayers--will receive no government benefit under the Reid bill. What does that mean? It means there is a small beneficiary class under the Reid bill--7 percent. Thirteen million people will receive benefits under the Reid bill. A very large nonbeneficiary class--93 percent--will not benefit.  This nonbeneficiary class is affected in other ways. Yes, while one group of Americans in this class would be unaffected, another group of Americans will see their taxes go up. This group would not have a tax benefit to offset the new tax liability. That means these Americans will be worse off under the Reid bill.  It is legitimate to ask, for these 93 percent of the people, what happened to their net tax cut? What they will see instead is a net tax increase. Based on the Joint Committee's data, in 2019 42 million individuals, families, and single parents with incomes under $200,000 will see their taxes go up. This is even after taking into account the subsidy for health insurance. Again, this is on a net basis.  If we were to identify those Americans who are not eligible to receive the tax credit and those whose taxes go up before they see some type of tax reduction from the subsidy, this number will climb to 73 million Americans. The first bar on the chart illustrates what we have already established but looks at Americans earning less than $200,000. Right here, 13 million families and single parents and individuals would receive the subsidy.  The middle bar on the chart shows the net tax increase number of 42 million Americans under $200,000-a-year income. Finally, when we identify those Americans who get no benefit under this bill, and those Americans who see a tax increase, we find that there are 73 million individuals, families, and single parents under the $200,000 category. That is this group.  I want to close by referring to a final chart that illustrates the winners and losers under the Reid bill. What we see is that there is a group of Americans who clearly benefit under the bill from the government subsidy for health insurance. This group, however, is relatively small--8 percent of Americans, if you look at those earning less than $200,000.  There is another much larger group of Americans who are seeing their taxes go up. This group is not benefiting from the government subsidy, this group on the chart. There is another group of taxpayers who are generally unaffected, this 82 million here. The Joint Committee on Taxation tells us this group may be affected by tax increases that are not included in this study, like the cap on flexible savings accounts and the individual mandate tax that people are going to pay if they don't buy health insurance.  The bottom line is this: My friends on the other side of the aisle, first, cannot say that all taxpayers receive a tax cut; two, they cannot say the Reid bill does not raise taxes on middle-income Americans because we have the professionals who are nonpolitical at the Joint Committee telling us differently. No one can dispute that data.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  