 President, it is late in the evening. I was going to address three different issues tonight, but out of respect for Senator Baucus, the chairman of my committee, I am going to address just one of these issues and I will come back tomorrow morning, on Saturday, and speak on the rest of the issues.  The one issue I am going to address this evening is my support of the Senator from Nebraska and his motion to commit with instructions on the home health care aspect of this 2,074-page bill. That is Senator Johanns' motion. We are now considering a bill that cuts $\1/2\ trillion from a Medicare Program to fund yet another unsustainable health care entitlement program. Around $42 billion comes from cuts to home health care providers--hence the purpose of Senator Johanns' amendment that that not happen.  You have heard from Members on this side of the grave consequences of these cuts. Several Senators have already addressed these. These severe cuts pose a legitimate threat to beneficiaries' access to home health services. In my State of Iowa alone, there are around 160 home health agencies that provide valuable services to Medicare beneficiaries across the State. Thanks to these home health care providers, seniors in Iowa are able to live at home instead of institutional settings, such as nursing homes. These seniors place great value on being able to stay in their homes. I would have to say that in all the years I have been involved in senior issues, whether it has been chairman of the Aging Committee, or chairman and now ranking member of the Finance Committee, I haven't run into one single senior citizen in my State who said to me: I am just dying to get into a nursing home. They do not want to go there.  So that is the purpose of home health agencies, to save money, but it is to retain the quality of life, and maintain the quality of life for these citizens. I rarely hear Iowans say anything about living in a nursing home, except not to go there.  Since living at home has been found to be a more cost-effective alternative than institutional care, this results in Medicare spending less. These cuts that are in this 2,074-page Reid bill will make it even harder for Iowa home health care providers to care for Medicare beneficiaries. A good part of the Medicare home health cuts come from permanent productivity adjustments.  Let's look at the possibility--or I would say I have concluded the impossibility--of bringing greater productivity to nursing home care. You have heard this week about how Medicare's chief actuary found savings from these productivity adjustments to be very unrealistic. And just so you know that the letter I refer to from the chief actuary is real, observe this chart. You also heard this week how these permanent cuts would make it harder for providers to remain in the black. You also heard these providers might end their participation in Medicare and possibly then jeopardize access to care for beneficiaries, and probably then more people ending up in the more expensive environment of a nursing home.  The threat to access to home health care from these permanent productivity cuts isn't theoretical. It is real. Like many other Medicare providers, home health agencies provide labor-intensive services. It is because of these labor-intensive services that I raise the question and the possibility--and I say it ends up being an impossibility--for them to be more productive. There are few gadgets in home health that will increase productivity. And whatever available gadgets there are, they are unaffordable for many Iowa home health agencies because they are small operations with limited financial resources.  Home health care is about doctors, it is about nurses, and home health aides, and it is about all of these providing care to the most needy. So it is incorrect, in my judgment, to assume these providers will achieve the levels of productivity like the rest of the economy.  The HHS chief actuary's findings clearly apply to home health in my State of Iowa, as they do nationally. Just to remind you: ``The estimated savings may be unrealistic;'' and ``possibly jeopardizing access to care for beneficiaries for our seniors.'' More people in nursing homes.  Because of these cuts, the percent of Iowa home health agencies that have negative Medicare margins will increase to 75 percent. So over 120 of the 160 home health providers will have negative Medicare margins because of this 2,074-page Reid bill. Iowa providers are not alone. From \1/2\ to 90 percent of home health agencies in States across the country would have negative Medicare margins.  I ask a unanimous consent to have printed in the Record three letters, which I wish to put in at various places in my remarks.  