 President, many folks on the other side of the aisle claim that spending is better stimulus than tax relief for working men and women. This is certainly not a unanimous opinion among economists, so I would share some recent economic research that analyzes data--not building models--to answer the question of whether spending or tax relief is more effective for economic stimulus.  Christina Romer, who is the Obama administration's Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers, and David Romer, from the University of California at Berkeley, find that $1 of tax relief raises the gross domestic product by about $3. Robert Hall, from Stanford, and Susan Woodward, who is chair of Sand Hill Econometrics, find that $1 of Government spending raises gross domestic product by about $1. Andrew Mountford, from the University of London, and Harold Uhlig, from the University of Chicago, conclude that deficit-financed tax relief works better than either deficit-financed or balanced-budget Government spending increases to improve the gross domestic product. These experts calculate that each $1 of tax relief amounts to $5of additional gross domestic product 5 years after the shock of recession. Olivier Blanchard, who is the chief economist at the IMF, and Roberto Perotti, from IGIER University, assert that a combination of both tax increases and Government spending increases has a strong negative impact on private investment spending.  In addition to the opinions of these economic experts, a look back at the picture that developed following the 2003 tax relief is also very instructive.  After the 2001 recession ended, both the economy and labor markets continued to sputter. But a significant turnaround occurred soon after the passage of the 2003 tax relief bill. Following nine straight quarters of decline, business investment grew at an annual rate of 6.6 percent between the enactment of the 2003 tax bill and the start of the current recession. Similarly, a period of job growth following the 2003 tax relief was the longest streak of monthly job growth on record.  We have spent a lot of time in this body discussing the balance sheets of financial institutions. The balance sheets of families and individuals throughout the country have been suffering significantly as well. From the third quarter of 2007 to the third quarter of 2008, the net worth of households and nonprofit organizations has dropped by $7.1 trillion, or 8.9 percent.  Families and individuals who receive tax reductions will likely save some of their tax cut to pay down household debt. Some erroneously suggest that this is bad for the economy. Quite to the contrary. When people pay down their debt, their credit improves. Improved credit leads to freeing up bank lending. Reduced debt for families and individuals also increases the amount of long-term income available for spending. So we should not look at households improving their balance sheets as a bad thing economically.  Finally, evidence suggests that permanent tax reductions are more likely to be spent by consumers than one-time stimulus checks or credits. Our focus should be on permanent tax relief to get the engine of our economy running.  Our economy is like the Titanic, and while it continues to go down, the only proposal on the other side is to spend over $700 billion to buy new deck chairs.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I reserve the remainder of the time.  