 President, we have two key votes this afternoon on drug reimportation. These votes mean that today is the day we can show the American people whether we can pass drug importation or whether the Senate will give it lipservice and nothing else.  We have heard on the Senate floor the concerns that some have about drug importation and whether it can be safe. Everyone who knows me knows I care deeply about drug safety. The fact is, an unsafe situation is what we have today. Today consumers are ordering drugs over the Internet from who knows where, and the FDA does not have the resources, in fact, to do much of anything about it. The fact is, legislation to legalize importation would not only help to lower the cost of prescription drugs for all Americans but also should shut down the unregulated importation of drugs from foreign pharmacies, the situation we have today. The Dorgan amendment, in fact, would improve drug safety, not threaten it. It would open trade to lower cost drugs.  In 2004, my staff was briefed about an investigation that the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee conducted. That subcommittee conducted this investigation into what we would call going on right now, current drug importation. They found about 40,000 parcels containing prescription drugs come through the JFK mail facility every single day of the year, 40,000 packages each day.  Now the JFK airport houses the largest international mail branch in the United States, but even then that is the tip of the iceberg. According to this subcommittee, each day 30,000 packages of drugs enter the U.S. through Miami, 20,000 enter through Chicago. That is another 50,000 more packages each and every day.  What is worse, about 28 percent of the drugs coming in are controlled substances. So we have a situation where we need the basic approach in this amendment to assure that imported drugs are safe. That is what the Dorgan amendment is all about, to give FDA the ability to verify the drug pedigree back to the manufacturer, to require FDA to inspect frequently, and to require fees to give the FDA the resources to do that.  The bottom line is, the Dorgan amendment gives the FDA the authority and the resources it needs to implement drug importation safely.  Certainly, the President knows that a great way to hold drug companies accountable is to allow safe, legal drug importation. I would like to quote this President not when he was a candidate for President but a candidate for the Senate. This is what President Obama said then:       I urge my opponent to stop siding with the drug      manufacturers and put aside his opposition to the      reimportation of lower priced prescription drugs.  Now we are hearing about the secret deal with big PhRMA. That was revised just this week to solidify support with PhRMA's allies for killing this very important Dorgan amendment. The drug companies will stop at nothing to keep the United States closed to other markets in order to charge higher prices.  With the Dorgan amendment, we are working to get the job done. What we need is to make sure Americans have even greater, more affordable access to wonder drugs by further opening the doors to competition in the global pharmaceutical industry.  Americans are waiting. Too often this thing has been stymied, and it looks like there is another chance to stymie it. Only I am surprised. Most of the time in the past that I have been for the importation of drugs, it was my colleagues over here who were trying to stymie it. But now it looks as though it is the other side. We ought tohave a vast majority for this amendment. I would be surprised. It would be a crime, if we didn't.  I yield the floor.  