 Contrary to the Democrats' claims, that seems to be the situation. They claim there is a net tax cut. I hope I proved earlier today that it does not have a net tax cut. Some Americans are cut, but don't forget that some Americans have increases in taxes. I pointed directly to this data, as prepared by the Joint Committee on Taxation, to show that a group of middle-income taxpayers will see their taxes go up under the Reid bill, and that would be this class of taxpayers right here. I don't disagree with Democrats saying there is $40,786 million of tax cuts, but there are also tax increases for a large share of Americans.  I want to now build on those earlier remarks. As I stated, there is clearly a group of individuals and families who benefit from the government subsidy for health care. However, that group is relatively small. Another much larger group would see their taxes go up. So I want to take a minute to provide some statistics that we pulled from the data of the Joint Committee on Taxation looking at both the winners and the losers under the bill.  For the benefit of the public, the Joint Committee on Taxation is an intellectually honest group of professionals who are nonpartisan, and they give Congress information on the impact of policies we make here in our various committees or as individuals or the Senate as a whole.  According to this professional group, the Joint Committee on Taxation, out of those individuals and families affected by four major tax provisions under the Reid bill, individuals earning more than $50,000 and families earning more than $75,000 would see, on average, their taxes going up. Only individuals with incomes below $50,000 and families with incomes below $75,000 would, on average, see some tax relief on account of receiving subsidies for health insurance.  The data of the Joint Committee on Taxation indicates that in 2019, individuals earning less than $50,000 would, on average, receive tax relief through this subsidy equal to $875. Families earning less than $75,000 would, on average, receive tax relief equal to $2,031 from the subsidy. This so-called tax relief, however, is in the form of an advance refundable tax credit that is delivered directly to the insurance company providing health insurance coverage, not to the individual but signed, sealed, and delivered directly to the insurance company--100 percent of it. I repeat: not to the individual but to the insurance company. Clearly, this group is a winner under the Reid bill. But the same data from the Joint Committee on Taxation indicates that in 2019, individuals earning between $50,000 and $200,000 would, on average, see a tax increase of $593. That is for individuals. Now, let's go to families earning between $75,000 and $200,000. They would, on average, see a tax increase of $670.  So what does all this mean? This means the Reid bill does not cut taxes for all Americans. To the contrary, the Reid bill breaks Obama's promise not to tax individuals making less than $200,000 and families making less than $250,000 a year. And you just can't know how many times President Obama, during his Presidential campaign--whether in debates or in individual appearances when he was a candidate--made it very clear that nobody with under $200,000 a year in income was going to see a tax increase. To the contrary, the Reid bill breaks President Obama's pledge not to tax individuals making less than $200,000, and then a higher figure for families making less than $250,000.  Does the tax relief provided to individuals earning less than $50,000 and families making less than $75,000 represent a tax cut? Generally, no, because based upon the report of the Joint Committee on Taxation, of the $395 billion the government will spend on tax credits for health insurance--or subsidies for health insurance--$288 billion will be refundable, meaning individuals and families who have no tax liability will still receive the full benefit. The Joint Committee on Taxation tells us that the remaining $106 billion will go toward reducing real tax liability.  The Congressional Budget Office classifies a benefit provided to tax filers with no tax liability as government spending, not as a tax decrease. This is compared to a tax benefit that actually will reduce a taxpayer's tax liability. This means the $288 billion of government spending through the Tax Code cannot be considered a true tax reduction.  The Democrats count the $288 billion in government spending when claiming the Reid bill provides a tax cut. And the reason is if the Democrats do not count this government spending as a tax cut, they could not hide the fact that the Reid bill increases taxes.  Bottom line: The Reid bill does not provide a net tax cut. Instead, the billraises taxes and it raises taxes on individuals and families earning less than $250,000, contrary to Candidate Obama's presentation during the campaign that nobody below that figure would get a tax increase.  Check the data. No one can dispute it. It is right here in these figures. Everybody in the United States is represented by these figures here highlighted. They are the ones who are going to get a tax increase. That is the rest of the story.  I yield the floor.  