 President, I will quote, in part, from the article:       The closer these negotiators move to striking a deal, the      more fraught the discussions become by issues of trust and      political will. Among Republicans, the pressure is especially      acute. All three GOP senators fear they will be sidelined      once the bill is approved at the committee level, with their      names invoked to demonstrate bipartisanship even as they're      left with no say over the final product as it is meshed with      the Senate health panel's version and then ultimately with      the House bill.  Republicans were also worried that the bipartisan product could be lifted into a partisan reconciliation bill. I quote further from that same Post article:       Reid said he already provided the Republicans with some      assurances, and added, ``I'll do more if necessary.''  Continuing to quote from the Post article:       He said of GOP concerns, ``I don't blame them.'' And he      added that, considering the political realities of the      Senate, with its large number of moderate Democrats, health-     care reform would have to gain significant bipartisan support      to cross the finish line.  President Obama and the Senate Democratic leadership set a deadline of September 15 for the bipartisan Gang of 6 to produce a proposal. If the proposal were not available by then, the President and Senate Democratic leadership made it clear the plug would be pulled on further bipartisan talks.  I point that out because that is very significant. A powerful member of the Senate Democratic leadership, the senior Senator from New York, made it crystal clear the Senate Democratic leadership would pull the plug. That member, who is very smart and articulate, made it as transparent as possible that the September 15 deadline was more important than a bipartisan deal.  I ask you to go back and look at the media reports. The Gang of 6 was unable to reach a deal on contentious issues such as abortion, the individual mandate, and financing issues by White House/Democratic leadership's deadline.  Chairman Baucus had to move forward. I respect the pressure my friend from Montana was under. I have been there myself. But the record needs to be correctly made that the September 15 deadline was not a Republican deadline. It was a deadline imposed by the White House and the Senate Democratic leadership. I might say that wasn't just the GOP deadline--it wasn't a deadline for the Gang of 6 either. I didn't sense, from the three Democratic members, that they agreed with that.  So the Senate Democratic leadership pulled the plug on the talks. Again, go check the public comments and press reports. They pulled the plug. Senator Enzi and I could not agree to the product at that point because of substantive issues that were resolved against us and the failure of the White House or Senate Democratic leadership to deliver on those process assurances that we asked for.  Senator Snowe did have substantive issues resolved sufficiently at the Finance Committee markup so that she could support the bill.  I might note today that I heard Senator Snowe caution the Democrats as she gave them the boost from her vote in the Finance Committee--that was right after the bill passed--she made it clear that her vote for later stages would depend in part on data on the key question of whether the product makes health care more affordable. Her letter to CBO dated December 3 lays out the issues in precision.  At the next stage of the process, the merged-bill stage, all of the Senate Republicans' worst fears were confirmed, but it was especially telling to Senator Enzi and me. My sense is Senator Snowe appreciated it more than any other member of our conference. The bottom line was that the majority leader's merged bill was constructed in such a partisan way that Senator Snowe's input was cast aside.  Let's be clear. Senate Republicans did not set deadlines. Senate Republicans did not threaten to go their own way if the deadlines were not met. Even today, the pending motion from this side of the aisle puts the question to the Senate this way: Take the bill back to the Finance Committee.  As the old saying goes, hindsight is 20/20. As I look back on the process, I make these observations: There was an uncanny disconnect between those inside and outside the room. Many on the outside, mainly from the left side of the political spectrum, seemed to want a reform deal just to have a deal. They did not seem to be that curious about the contents. Perhaps for some of those folks, it was a bit of an imperative to draw on the good will that any President has in the first few months of office.  For those of us in the room--meaning the room where the negotiations were going on--there was a realization that we were tackling, as Chairman Baucus has described it, an extremely complex set of issues. We learned very quickly that closing the loop on the policy issues, let alone finding political consensus, was not easy.  The pressure to close a deal by the July 4 recess was overwhelming. My friend, the chairman, wisely pushed back and said we would get a deal when we reached a bipartisan deal. The Group of 6 was unable to reach a deal on contentious issues such as abortion, individual mandate, and financing issues faced by the White House-Democratic leadership deadline. Chairman Baucus had to move. In my heart, I feel he would rather not have had that sort of pressure or make that decision. But that was not our deadline. It was a deadline imposed by the White House and the Senate Democratic leadership. They pulled the plug on the talks. Go check the public comments and the press reports. They pulled the plug. Senator Enzi and I could not agree to a product at that point because of the substantive issues that were very much involved.  I want to make it very clear, for this Senator, of the three Republicans who were negotiating, kind of in summary, that the Republican leadership, I think, had questions about a lot of things that were going on in those negotiations. But never once did Senator McConnell, my leader, say to me: Get out of there.  That is the impression that was left this morning.  I can only say that I think I have established a reputation in the Senate, particularly while I was chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, that I did not listen to either the White House or people in leadership necessarily when I thought a bipartisan compromise was the only way to get things done. I suppose there is a whole long list of things that I ought to write down before I make this statement, but I can only think of two or three right now that I can be sure of that I can say in an intellectually honest way that I stood up to the Bush White House when I was chairman of the committee.  They came out immediately for a $1.7 trillion tax cut in 2001. I made a decision early on that it was not good for the economy and it was not politically possible. So we passed a much smaller, in a bipartisan way, tax bill for that year. And yet it was the biggest tax cut in the history of the country.  In 2003, when the White House and House Republicans in the majority at that time said we had to have a $700 billion tax cut in addition to the tax cut that was passed in 2001, there were not votes in the Senate among just Republicans to get it done. To secure the votes to get it done, we had to limit it to half that amount of money, or just a little bit more than half that amount of money. And in order to get those votes, contrary to the $700 billion tax cut that the Bush White House wanted and the House Republicans wanted that we could not get through here, I said I will not come out of conference with a tax cut more than that amount of roughly $300 billion.  We got that done by just the bare majority to get it done. But I stood up to the White House, I stood up to the House Republican leadership who thought we should not be doing anything that was short of that full $700 billion.  There have been other health care bills very recently where I stood up against the White House and against our Republican leadership.  I think I have developed a reputation where I am going to do what is right for the State of Iowa and for our country. And I am going to try to represent a Republican point of view as best I can, considering first the country and my own constituency.  Then when it comes to whether people in this body or outside of this body might think that for the whole months of May, June, and July, and through August, with a couple meetings we had during the month of August, that we were dragging our feet to kill a health care reform bill, I want to ask people if they would think I wouldn't have better things to do with my time than to have 24 different meetings, one on one with Chairman Baucus, or that I wouldn't have more than something else to do than have 31 meetings with the Group of 6. These were not just short meetings. These were meetings that lasted hours. There was another group of people--Grassley, Baucus, and others, sometimes that included people from the HELP Committee and the Budget Committee. But we had 25 meetings like that. I wonder if people think we would just be meeting and spending all those hours to make sure that nothing happened around here. No. Every one of the 100 Senators in this body, if you were to ask them, would suggest changes in health care that need to be made. Even in that 2,074-page bill, there are some things that most conservative people in this country would think ought to be done.  We all know to some extent something has to be done about this system. We worked for a long period of time, thinking we could have something bipartisan. But it did not work out that way, and now we are at a point where we have a partisan bill.  That is not the way you should handle an issue such as health care reform. Just think of the word ``health,'' ``health care.'' It deals with the life and death of 306 million Americans. Just think, you are restructuring one-sixth of the economy.  Senator Baucus and I started out in January and February saying to everybody we met, every group we talked to, that something this momentous ought to be passing with 75 or 80 votes, not just 60 votes. Maybe one of the times the White House decided to pull the plug on September 15 may have come on August 5 when the Group of 6 had our last meeting with President Obama. He was the only one from the White House there and the six of us. It was a very casual discussion.  I said this before so I am not saying something that has not been said. But President Obama made one request of me and I asked him a question. For my part, I said: You know, it would make it a heck of a lot easier to get a bipartisan agreement if you would just say you could sign a bill without a public option. That is no different than what I said to him on March 5 when I was down at the White House, that the public option was a major impediment to getting a bipartisan agreement. Then he asked me would I be willing to be one of three Republicans, along with the rest of the Democrats, to provide 60 votes. My answer was upfront: No. As I told him, you can clarify with Senator Baucus sitting right here beside you, that 4 or 5 months before that, I told Senator Baucus: Don't plan on three Republicans providing the margin, that we were here to help get a broad-based consensus, as Senator Baucus and I said early on this year, that something this massive ought to pass with a wide bipartisan majority.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  