 President, I do not want to take more than 5 minutes, so let me know when 4 minutes is up.  I want to talk about an amendment I am going to put in. But, first, I think I ought to remind the public at large that here we are on a Friday, there are lots of amendments being adopted. We have been told cordially by the majority that they will not fill the tree. But if you are in the situation where you have to have unanimous consent to get an amendment up, it is tantamount to filling the tree. So I hope this deliberative body is going to do what it should be doing. I hope we do not see a bunch of quorum calls all day where the public back at home is looking at a blank screen that says ``quorum call'' when the Senate could be working on dozens of amendments we have been waiting to bring up for a long period of time,because that is a waste of the taxpayers' money.  If it is extremely important to get on with this legislation, and it is extremely important to get on with this legislation, we should not be having anybody talk about stonewalling on any political party's part, when we are ready to do business, waiting to do business, have been waiting to do business, for a long time. We ought to be able to offer amendments.  I want to speak shortly then about an amendment No. 372. It is not the most important amendment I have been waiting to bring up, but I have spoken about that other amendment before. I want to bring up my amendment No. 297. This one is 372. It merely says that any agency that receives funds under this bill must comply with congressional requests for records. That means our ability as individual Senators to get records for money that is going to be spent by Departments under this bill. It is an effort to ensure that the vision of transparency that President Obama expressed in his Inaugural Address to the Nation is fulfilled.  This is what the President said:       Those of us who manage the public's dollars will be held to      account to spend wisely, reform bad habits, and do our      business in the light of the day, because only then can we      restore the vital trust between people and their government.  I agree. Of course, unfortunately, when my colleagues and I in Congress ask for documents from the executive branch, we are usually stonewalled with bureaucratic excuses and legalese regarding statutes that were never intended to prevent Congress from gathering information.  This is not a criticism of the Obama administration, this is criticism of previous administrations, Republican and Democratic. I want to make sure it does not happen under this new administration. I do not think it will, but this legislation will make that certain.  Sometimes even statutes with explicit exceptions allowing information to be given to Congress are used as excuses to keep the people's business secret. So to ensure that Members of Congress can gather information, this amendment would simply impose an obligation on any agency that receives funds to comply with a request from a chairman or ranking member of a committee or subcommittee of Congress.  If you support open Government, vigorous congressional oversight, as President Obama says he does, then you should support this amendment.  I yield the floor.  