 President, the domestic biofuels producers are in a precarious state, so we asked President Obama to take immediate action to implement the volume mandates for biodiesel. It is in our Nation's economic and environmental interest to maintain a robust biodiesel industry. Unfortunately, no action has been taken to immediately implement the volume mandates.  Finally, the EPA continues to delay in approving higher blends of ethanol in our transportation fuels. Earlier this year, a number of ethanol producers submitted a request to EPA to allow higher blends of ethanol. Currently, ethanol blends are limited to 10 percent in nonflex-fuel vehicles. The waiver request is simply requesting that EPA allow ethanol to be blended at 15 percent levels instead of 10 percent.  While the waiver request was submitted back in March, the EPA has not made a decision. The EPA's delay in considering this request is having a negative impact on U.S. ethanol producers and is harming consumers who would otherwise benefit from lower prices at the pump. The delay is also putting off our efforts to use more homegrown renewable fuels in place of imports.  The delay is also putting off our efforts to use more homegrown renewable fuels in place of imported fossil fuels.  I recognize that prior to approval of higher ethanol blends, the requisite studies and testing must be concluded.  A number of scientific studies conducted in recent years confirm that higher ethanol blends do not cause significant changes in tailpipe emissions, vehicle drivability, materials compatibility or durability.  It is time to end the delays and take action to further reduce our dependence on foreign oil.  I am speaking today to ask President Obama and his staff at the White House to pay close attention to these three issues.  Our Nation currently has a strong, renewable fuels infrastructure that is working every day to reduce our dependence on foreign oil.  Those involved are also working diligently to increase efficiencies and strive toward the second generation of advanced biofuels. But, we can't get there by undermining today's industry.  The President can take action within his administration to ensure that no harm is done to the renewable fuels that are displacing dirty fossil fuels today.  He can ensure that EPA uses only sound science and avoids speculative assumptions when determining the greenhouse gas emissions of biofuels.  He can take action to see that America uses even more homegrown, green energy by ensuring that even more renewable fuel is blended in our Nation's transportation mix.  And, he can take action to immediately provide the certainty for biodiesel producers that Congress intended in the energy bill of 2007.  That is what I am asking him to do.  By zeroing in on these three pivotal issues facing the renewable energy effort today, President Obama and his staff can make a major positive difference for the production of even more clean, renewable, domestic biofuels.  