 These folks earn less than $250,000 a year. I see the light at the end of the tunnel that this tax increase express is going through. Unfortunately, that light at the end of the tunnel is the tax increase express.  We can derail the tax increase express if we want to.  That is why today I am supporting Senator Crapo's motion to commit the Reid amendment to the Senate Finance Committee. Senator Crapo's motion would require the Finance Committee report a bill back to the Senate that does not include tax increases, fees, and penalties included in the Reid bill.  Why should my Democratic friends vote in favor of the motion? Because they shouldn't want to bear the fallout of legislation that was rushed through Congress as the economic stimulus package was back in February. They shouldn't want to tell their constituents they voted in favor of a bill that increased their premiums. They shouldn't want to vote for a bill that raises taxes on many, only to provide benefit for a few. They shouldn't want to break President Obama's pledge not to tax people making less than $250,000 a year.  What my friends should want is real health care reform, the kind of reform that has broad bipartisan support. I have consistently said that if Congress wants to restructure one-sixth of the economy, it ought to be done on a bipartisan basis, and that is not one or two Republicans voting with Democrats. That is not happening around here on a bipartisan basis. We are debating this 2,074-page bill, a partisan product, a bill that was cobbled together by the Democratic leadership, a bill that has not received approval of the Senate Finance Committee.  I ask my Democratic friends to stop this process foul right now. Vote in favor of Senator Crapo's motion so we can do health care reform in the right way: on a bipartisan basis, in a transparent and open way, so that the American public can understand what we are doing; so the American public can be a part of the process; so that we can find a way to reform our health care system without burdening our constituents with these higher taxes, fees, and penalties.  Let's reduce the out-of-control spending in the Reid amendment and find savings within the health care system. Let's derail the tax increase express before it steamrolls over hard-working Americans and discourages employment, particularly employment in small business, where 70 percent of the new jobs are created. The taxes, fees, and penalties don't need to be the fuel of this locomotive fire.  I ask all of my colleagues to support Senator Crapo's motion to commit the Reid bill to the Finance Committee.  I yield the floor.  