 President, I wish to speak on Kyl amendment No. 46, named after Senator Kyl from Arizona.  I strongly support the amendment that has been offered by Senator Kyl. This is to the children's health insurance bill. This amendment would reinstate the crowdout policies that were agreed to by both sides in the bipartisan children's health insurance bills that we debated in the Senate in 2007. For reasons that I cannot fathom, this important section of the bill was dropped this year.  A high incidence of crowdout is problematic for many reasons. Before we go any further, I wish to make sure it is clear what the term ``crowdout'' means. Crowdout can have many meanings, in fact, so let me elaborate.  The crowdout we are referring to is when a family already has health coverage for their child and they cancel that policy to put them on a government program. This is referred to as crowdout with the idea that when the government comes in and offers taxpayers subsidized health coverage, it crowds out the coverage that was already there in the first place. This is a bad thing when it happens for a number of reasons, so I will go into those reasons.  First of all, crowdout makes it more difficult for employers to offer health insurance coverage. It especially impacts small employers who may be unable to meet health plan participation requirements. It has implications for the cost of coverage for those who have private plans because it removes a large number of young and healthy individuals from the risk pool, thus spreading the cost of high-risk individuals across smaller and, in most cases, older pools.  The second reason crowdout is bad is it inappropriately uses taxpayers' dollars to fund coverage that could have been provided by an employer. Individuals either leave coverage that had been funded in part by their employer or do not enroll in plans offered and subsidized by their employer to enroll in a private plan. When this occurs, the employer contribution to those plans is replaced by taxpayer dollars.  So crowdout is bad because it crowds out health coverage that was already there. It means taxpayer-subsidized coverage is gradually creeping in and taking over the market. But it is also bad because it is a waste of taxpayers' money. That is what we ought to emphasize because even though this bill meets a good goal of millions of more kids being covered, the question is, are we making the best use of taxpayers' dollars because there are another several million out there we ought to be covering. So when we are incentivizing people leaving private coverage for taxpayer support, then that money isn't available for the millions of people who aren't being covered.  When crowdout happens, it means the Federal taxpayers are being told to pay for coverage for someone who already had coverage. If that child already had coverage, then it goes without saying this child was not uninsured.  Remember the whole problem is when the taxpayers end up paying for coverage that was already there. So the more the children's health insurance programs are allowed to expand to high incomes, the bigger the problem of crowdout becomes.  The focus of this bill should be covering the millions of uninsured kids we have in America with emphasis on the lower the income, the more rationale there probably is for covering kids.  Crowdout is also a bigger problem when the children's health insurance programs try to cover higher income kids. It is easy to see why. Children who live in families with higher incomes are much more likely to have access to private coverage. It means more taxpayer dollars being spent on kids who already have coverage, and it means fewer dollars to cover the lower income kids who are still uninsured. So it is backwards when this happens.  When scarce taxpayer dollars are used to pay for coverage for someone who wasn't uninsured in the first place, this is a complete waste and a mismanagement of scarce resources, and it is a waste of scarce Federal dollars at a time when we cannot afford to do that. It also means one less dollar that could have been used to cover a child who doesn't have any health insurance whatsoever.  The policies that Members on both sides of the aisle agreed to in both of the bipartisan children's health insurance bills we debated in 2007 had a very good policy to minimize crowdout. First of all, those bills--the similar children's health insurance bills that were debated and passed in 2007--had very good policies to minimize this problem we refer to as crowdout. First of all, those bills set out a process in place to study the issue of crowdout. It asked the Government Accountability Office to do a report for Congress describing the best practices that each of the 50 States are using to address the issue of crowdout and whether things such as geographic variation or family income affects crowdout. The provision eliminated in the bill before the Senate--and this is this year, in 2009--also would require the Institute of Medicine to report on the most accurate, reliable, and timely way to measure the coverage of low-income children and the best way to measure crowdout. That provision was eliminated in this bill.  Based on these recommendations, the Secretary of Health and Human Services was required to develop and publish recommendations regarding bestpractices for States to address crowdout. The Secretary was also required to implement a uniform standard for data collection by States to measure and report on health coverage for low-income children and crowdout.  The bipartisan crowdout policy of 2 years ago would also require States, having received the recommendations from the Secretary, to describe how the State was addressing the children's health insurance program crowdout issue and how the State was incorporating the best practices developed by the Secretary. The crowdout policy in both bipartisan bills 2 years ago included an enforcement mechanism to hold States accountable for minimizing crowdout when they expand to higher income levels.  This is a very important issue because as we learned from the 2007 report from the Congressional Budget Office, crowdout is a particularly acute problem in children's health insurance programs because crowdout occurs more frequently at higher income levels.  The Congressional Budget Office report also concludes that:       In general, expanding the program to children in higher      income families is likely to generate more of an offsetting      reduction in private coverage than expanding the program to      more children in low-income families.  I wish to emphasize for the public at large--my colleagues know this--the Congressional Budget Office is a nonpartisan, fiscal expert. So this is not a partisan issue of that Congressional Budget Office report.  Going on to refer to the Congressional Budget Office, that office estimates that:       The reduction in private coverage among children is between      a quarter and a half of the increase in public coverage      resulting from SCHIP. In other words, for every 100 children      who enroll as a result of SCHIP, there is a corresponding      reduction in private coverage of between 25 and 50 children.  That is the end of the quote from CBO.  Therefore, under both bipartisan bills, the Secretary, using the improved data mechanism, would determine if a State that was covering children over 300 percent of poverty was doing a good job of covering low-income children. That is to emphasize the point: What was the purpose of SCHIP in 1997? To cover low-income kids who never had any coverage. So you spend a lot of time covering higher income families, and you have less money then to cover low-income kids, and then you have the crowdout that exacerbates that problem.  If it was determined that a State was not doing a good job covering low-income children, then the State will not be able to receive Federal payments for children over 300 percent of poverty. So here there is kind of a sense that we are not arguing if you want to cover people above 300 percent, but, by golly, as a State, you aren't doing a good job of taking care of the low-income kids--where the problem was and why we passed the bill in the first place. You shouldn't be covering people over 300 percent of poverty.  This crowdout policy in both bipartisan bills of 2007 would have worked to minimize crowdout by making sure the States are staying focused on covering low-income kids. So it is a very important issue, and it is one on which we worked together on a bipartisan basis.  There was a lot of debate about crowdout in 2007 when we had extensive discussions about the Children's Health Insurance Program. Everybody recognized this to be a very big problem. So this is why I am so entirely baffled as to why my Democratic colleagues would abandon a provision they helped develop in a bipartisan bill 2 years ago. I don't know why they would want to strike such an important part of the bill and one that also helps blunt sharp criticism of the bill when it allowed States to expand eligibility to 300 percent of poverty.  The bill before us now allows expansion to even higher and higher income kids.  As the Congressional Budget Office says, the crowdout problem is going to be even worse under this bill than it is already.  According to the Congressional Budget Office table detailing estimates of enrollment based on this bill, 2.4 million children will forgo private coverage for public coverage. This is a very troubling number. The fact that the Senate bill does not address this problem and goes back on policies that were worked out on a bipartisan basis is problematic.  I hope Members will reevaluate their opposition to policies to reduce crowdout and to vote in support of the amendment I have been talking about that my colleague, Senator Kyl from Arizona, has offered.  We need to do the right thing here. We need to keep the Children's Health Insurance Program focused where it first started out in 1997 on lower income kids, for sure, in the case of a handful of States covering more adults than they do even kids.  We need to prevent scarce taxpayer funds from being used to pay for kids who already have health coverage. We need to put this bipartisan policy that we had in two bills in 2007 back in this bill.  I urge my colleagues to support the Kyl amendment and do just that.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Stabenow). The senior Senator from Montana.  