  No. 1, I would like to define bipartisanship for the Senator from North Carolina. No. 2, I want to give a statement in support of the Coburn amendment. No. 3, I would like to bring to final debate my amendment 83, if the majority manager would like to vote on it at that time--and that would be a voice vote--and then I would have my last amendment to introduce, which is amendment No. 71 that I would speak about.  First of all, I think I know something about establishing bipartisanship in the Senate. I was part of a bipartisan proposal 2 years ago that maybe Senator Burr didn't like, but it was very bipartisan. It is kind of an institutional thing, bipartisanship, as far as I practice it in the Senate and as Senator Baucus has practiced it, up until this particular amendment. What you do to get to be bipartisan, you sit across the table from each other, Republican and Democrat--and maybe more than one Republican, maybe more than one Democrat--with expert staff, and you build up a piece of legislation that is eventually put before the committee as a Baucus-Grassley bill or as a Grassley-Baucus bill, depending on who is in the majority. Then what you do is you make up your mind that you are going to be arm in arm defending that through the committee process, through the Senate, through conference, and all the way to the President. And you try to maintain 65 to 70 votes within the Senate. That is the way I define bipartisanship.  It is a little bit like if you and your wife were going to buy a new car for that old jeep that you drive around. If you said it is going to be a family affair, you would be sitting down with your wife and asking: What kind of a car do you want? What color do you want? What accessories do you want? You wouldn't go up to your wife, I hope, and say: Honey, we are going to buy a new car. This is what we are going to buy and it is a mutual decision. You wouldn't do that. You would work with your wife to decide what kind of car you want.  So if you want bipartisanship in the Congress of the United States--and I am sure that is what our President was talking about during his campaign--you have to work together to get it. But it is not like this issue was handled--or maybe I can speak more accurately about the stimulus issue that will be up next week--where 48 hours or 24 hours before it comes up, Republicans are given a document and are notified that this is what we are going to do.  So I say to the Senator from North Carolina, that is my definition on what bipartisanship is. I don't know whether you agree with it, but at least that is what I have tried to practice, and I think Senator Baucus has basically tried to practice that as well.  