 I thank my good friend for doing that. I have a little different view on some of the things he said about taxes here. I respect him giving me some time because we don't have time on this side. It is nice, his doing that.  Republicans and Democrats are working off of the same data provided by the Joint Committee on Taxation. For some reason my friends on the other side of the aisle seem to want to read this data selectively, so I wish to look at this data. I want to stress this data is from the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation. They are experts. They are nonpolitical people who tell it like it is.  My friends on the other side are correct in one thing: This bill provides a tax benefit to a small group of Americans. You can see right here that this benefit is to the people here where the minus sign is in front of the numbers. These numbers are in white.  As I pointed out previously, when you see a negative number on this chart, the Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us these people are receiving a tax benefit. This income category--the income categories where you see these negative numbers begin at zero and stretch to $50,000 for individuals and $75,000 for families. That will be $50,000 to $75,000. I give my Democratic friends credit for being right on this part of the data. But I want to show you where I disagree with them and their choosing to overlook other parts of the data, the data I will soon refer to here on this chart.  When we see negative numbers on this chart, as I have said, the Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us that there is a tax benefit. So, conversely, where there are positive numbers--this will be an example of positive numbers--the Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us these taxpayers are seeing a tax increase. Those numbers I have already pointed to begin at $50,000 for an individual and go up to $200,000 for an individual.  When we see a positive number, then, it is the reverse. The Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us these taxpayers are in fact seeing tax increases. So if we see positive numbers for individuals making more than $50,000 and we see positive numbers for families making more than $75,000, it is just this simple: We know these people's taxes are going to go up.  The Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us that taxes for these individuals, once again, for a third time, will go up under this 2,074-page Reid bill.  These individuals and families are making less than $200,000. What is significant about less than $200,000 is that this violates what the President promised in his campaign, that individuals who are middle class, under $200,000, are not going to see one dime of tax increase.  To come to any different conclusion is saying that the data on this chart--and of course the professionals at the Joint Committee on Taxation--both are wrong. To come to any different conclusion is saying the chart produced by the Joint Committee on Taxation is wrong.  I yield the floor.  