 This amendment picks out one set of executives in the entire health care arena and singles out that one set of executives for limits on compensation. In the entire health caresector of the economy, this amendment suggests that only one group of executives warrants this sort of special treatment, and that happens to be the executives of health insurance companies. This amendment then takes that excess compensation that apparently Congress knows is the appropriate amount for compensation and devotes that excess money to the Medicare trust fund.  Well, a very commonsense question in this town of nonsense is, why not limit compensation for executives in other areas of health care? What about the executives of hospitals? Shouldn't their excess compensation go to protect Medicare? Why not executives of nursing homes then? Why not executives of medical device manufacturers? Why not limit compensation on the people who run home health agencies? Why not limit compensation for doctors? Why not limit compensation for executives at the drug companies?  Well, let's wait a second on that one. We know the answer to the one about why not include drug companies. This amendment can't touch drug company executives because their industry cut a secret deal where they agreed to some things in this bill, and they are going to get a huge payoff in profits once this goes into effect, as long as they don't open their big mouth and fight this legislation.  Of course, this all adds up because if you are watching TV at home, or even here on the Hill, big PhRMA is running ads all over the country in support of this 2,074-page Reid bill.  If the idea is for Congress to set the precedent of limiting compensation to protect the Medicare trust fund, then shouldn't we branch out even beyond the health care industry? We could get a lot of compensation--or we could get a lot of income into the Medicare trust fund by limiting compensation beyond health care to say, for instance, executives of trade associations or union leaders or trial lawyers or baseball players or movie stars. But, no; this amendment focuses on one specific group of executives who weren't going to be bought off by this bill. So let's just call this amendment out for the brazen political stunt it is, and if we do that, vote it down.  I wish to remind everyone in closing that I asked the sponsor to include drug company executives in her amendment but was turned down.  I yield the floor and yield 5 minutes to Senator Brownback.  