 What is this so-called hidden tax? The other party argues that there is a hidden health tax that families pay in increased premium costs to cover the costs of caring for the uninsured. In short, when doctors and hospitals provide treatment to the uninsured they are forced to compensate for this ``uncompensated care'' and do so by charging more to private health insurers. The cost of this care that is shifted to the insurers is then passed on to health care consumers in the form of higher health insurance premiums. Unfortunately, this so-called hidden tax is often overstated.  Families USA conducted a study attempting to quantify the cost shift associated with uncompensated care. According to this study, about $43 billion in uncompensated care is shifted to private health insurance which led Families USA to conclude that there is a hidden tax of about $1,100 that families pay in increased premiums. A Kaiser Family Foundation study dissected the Families USA numbers and estimated that the total amount of uncompensated care shifted to private insurers was closer to $11 billion, making the so-called hidden tax around $200 for a family, compared to the $1,100 that Families USA said. Let me give some ground to my friends on the other side and assume that the hidden tax does equal that higher figure, $1,100, as compared to the Kaiser Family Foundation figure of $200.  The Democrats' bill does not get rid of the hidden tax entirely. Actually, this bill makes it worse. How? First, the Democrats' health care reform bill still leaves a large number of Americans uninsured. Specifically, the Reid bill leaves 23 million out of 54 million still without health insurance at the end of this decade, remembering that this bill does not actually take effect until 2014. So between 2014 and at the end of the budget window, we still have 23 million people without health insurance. At best, the reform in this 2,074-page Democratic bill cut the hidden tax in half; in this case, to about $500 for a family.  The Reid bill adds, however, new hidden taxes. These impose $67 billion worth of so-called fees on health insurance companies and self-insured arrangements beginning in 2010. The Congressional Budget Office, the Joint Committee on Taxation, the nonpartisan experts and official congressional scorekeepers have testified that these fees will be passed on to health care consumers.  The Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation have further testified that this will result in higher insurance premiums for all Americans. The actuaries at Oliver-Wyman estimate that the fees imposed on health insurers would add $488 to the cost of the average family health insurance policy. A new hidden tax is also created as a result of the Medicaid expansion and Medicare cuts. The major cost shift in health care derives from the government programs, Medicare and Medicaid, which reimburse providers at rates roughly 20 percent to 40 percent lower than what private providers pay to the same doctors and hospitals.  President Obama understands that paying doctors below market rates leads to a cost shift. After all, in a townhall on health care reform, the President said:       If they're only collecting 80 cents on the dollar, they've      got to make it up somewhere, and they end up getting it from      people who have private insurance.  The Medicare and Medicaid cost shift will be increased significantly under the Democrats' health care reform bill. According to CBO's estimate, Medicaid will be increased by more than 40 percent, from 35 million to 50 million people by the end of the budget window in 2019. Additionally, the bill includes almost $\1/2\ trillion in Medicare cuts which will result in lower payments to providers.  The actuaries at Milliman Consulting studied the current cost shifting resulting from Medicare and Medicaid underpaying providers and found that this cost shift for Medicare and Medicaid totaled almost $89 billion per year, adding $1,788 to the current family health insurance policy. Increasing the current Medicare and Medicaid cost shift, as a result of this 2,074-page health reform bill before us, would add even more cost to a family health insurance policy.  The easier cost shift to address would be the $1,700 cost shift from defensive medicine. The Democrats do not address cost shift from defensive medicine which Dr. Mark McClellan, former head of CMS, and Daniel Kessler estimated adds $1,700 in additional cost per average family. Addressing this reform alone could save more than covering all of the uninsured.  So you see, the Democrats say their bill will eliminate the so-called hidden tax. My friends seem to come up short on that one. Also, my friends add new hidden taxes that will burden middle-class Americans.  I ask my friends to be transparent when they are talking about getting rid of the hidden tax. The Democratic health reform bill actually makes things worse.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Whitehouse). The Senator from Utah.  