 I didn't speak during that period on the floor because in intense negotiations, you can say things sometimes that might upset the negotiations. I didn't want to do anything to do that. I want people to know that those negotiations, obviously, were not fruitful in the end because the leadership and the White House thought they had gone on long enough and that we ought to move ahead. I am not sure that was to Chairman Baucus's liking because I think he was comfortable thinking we could get to a bipartisan negotiation. Everybody in the Group of 6 wanted to. But, of course, they came to an end. Then, of course, it took a partisan approach from that point on.  I want everybody to know, though, that during that period of talks we had in the Group of 6 and what Senator Baucus and I were doing individually, it ended in a way that was congenial in the sense that up to that point everything was moving along, and during the 2- or 3-month period of time we were negotiating, there was never a period that anybody walked away from the table. There was never a period that there was ever a harsh word. There was a sincere effort during all that time to reach a bipartisan agreement. I am sorry that didn't materialize, but I have no regrets that I participated in the process because you never know, you take it a day at a time around here. You never know, it could be very fruitful. And if it had been fruitful, it probably would have been better for this process in the Congress and better for the country as a whole.  For sure, this issue of health care reform is, in a sense, redirecting one-sixth of the economy because $1 out of every $6 spent in America involves health care. Of course, the issue of health care itself is a life-or-death situation with every American. That is what health care implies. Never before has Congress done stuff so encompassing and affecting such a large segment of the economy.  So in the process of 6 months of negotiation on health care reform, I feel much better informed about health care than I otherwise would have been, and I want to thank Senator Baucus for his patience in negotiating that and for every courtesy he gave to me and Senator Enzi and the Senator from Maine, Ms. Snowe.  (