 I would like to say a few things about it at this point.  The Roberts amendment would focus the Children's Health Insurance Program back to the original purpose of the program, which is coverage of low-income children. This amendment eliminates the earmarks in the bill which make it easier for States to cover children from families with incomes above 400 percent of poverty.  The amendment sets an actual threshold on a State's ability to expand SCHIP at higher income levels. It does this by capping eligibility for taxpayer-subsidized health coverage in the Children's Health Insurance Program at $65,000 in annual income. The amendment fixes another loophole in the bill which would permit States to set Medicaid eligibility higher than the Children's Health Insurance Program.  Last night the Senate Finance Committee voted out an economic stimulus package with $87 billion in increased Medicaid spending. The increased Medicaid spending is in the form of higher Federal payments to States for the coverage of people in the Medicaid Program.  We heard over and over, from the other side of the aisle, how the Federal taxpayers need to pay for more Federal dollars going into Medicaid because, if they do not, then States will cut benefits or cut back on the already dismal payments for providers who see Medicaid patients. In fact, I offered an amendment to that stimulus bill to protect the safety net. It was defeated on a party-line vote.  My amendment essentially said that if Congress is going to give States $87 billion for their Medicaid Programs, then we should make sure they do not undermine access to vital services with cutbacks to children's hospitals and public hospitals that are already struggling, and we should make sure States do not cut funds for health centers and for pediatricians.  The $87 billion in the so-called stimulus bill will not do much good to protect low-income children and families' health coverage if States are allowed to take these billions of dollars intended to protect the safety net and instead use them as their own slush fund to do whatever they want.  But, sadly, my amendments to protect the safety net were defeated. What we now have is the so-called stimulus bill. In that is nothing more than a $87 billion slush fund for the States.  With States crying out for a multibillion dollar bailout from the Federal Government, it seems to me very ironic that we have come to such a logjam over whether to allow States to expand income levels as high as 300 percent to 400 percent of poverty.  In one State, I believe it is New York, that is above $87,000-a-year income, plus $40,000 to disregard above that.  On the one hand, the other side is fighting so hard to allow States to expand the Children's Health Insurance Program to allow coverage at these higher income levels while, on the other hand, they are saying that unless the Federal Government dumps billions of dollars into State coffers, States will be forced to eliminate benefits and services at very lowest income levels.  That argument obviously makes no sense whatsoever. We should be focusing our efforts on covering low-income kids first. The other side will come down here and say that is what they are doing. But when they are unwilling to back up their rhetoric with changes to actually do that, I wish to make sure everyone understands what we are talking about with this legislation and particularly the Roberts amendment.  The Children's Health Insurance Program provides higher Federal matching dollars to States to provide health coverage for low-income children. That is what it does. The higher Federal matching dollars are there to encourage States to expand their program and get these kids covered. This program has been in place now since 1997--obviously 12 years--and still there are about 6 million low-income uninsured children in America today. The Children's Health Insurance Program reauthorization should be focused on getting these low-income kids covered andthat should be the top priority in this bill. But this bill goes in a different direction. It allows coverage of kids and families with incomes of $83,000.  The median family income in America is roughly $50,000, and I imagine in my State it is probably even lower than that. The median income is the point at which half the households have incomes above that level and half have incomes below that level. So when the Government steps in and says let's have the taxpayers pay for your health coverage, those scarce dollars should be focused on the low-income kids this program is intended to insure--those kids, obviously, who are still uninsured. That ought to be our first priority.  But when the program is allowed to cover children in families at $83,000, and even higher, that means families below the median income are being forced to pay for the health care costs for children of families in the top half, and they are being forced to have their taxes go up to pay for that coverage in the top half, when they may not even have coverage for their own children. That is just plain wrong.  What Senator Roberts' amendment does is cap the eligibility for programs at families with incomes of $65,000. Some people are going to say even that is too high. But at least we are kind of keeping it toward the national median income. That is still a family income that is above, obviously, the median income. A lot of people would say that is still way too high. I cannot say that too many times because I know what the grassroots of America are saying about what we do around here, particularly in rural America; that it seems like we do not understand how the average family lives. But the Roberts amendment is better than the unlimited coverage this Children's Health Insurance Program bill would allow.  But the other side does not want to have any amendments. This is a fundamental difference we have in how we think about things. They believe the Government has to be the solution. They will oppose putting any income limits on eligibility. They want to allow States to expand their programs so taxpayers in the bottom half of incomes in America are helping to buy health coverage for people in the top half of the income or in my State of Iowa, where the average income is less than $50,000, they are going to say Iowans ought to support New York families with incomes of $83,000 for a Children's Health Insurance Program in that State. They believe Government has to be a solution to cover higher income kids. They believe if the Government does not do it, then it will not happen--even though we have about 6 million low-income kids still uninsured in this country; even though States are crying out for the multibillion dollar bailout that is going to be in the stimulus package. They still want to say they will oppose putting any limits on this program. It is outrageous.  When we are headed toward a Federal budget deficit of $2 trillion or more this year, we need to get a grip on reality. Policies that encourage expansions at such high income levels, $83,000 and above, are counter to that effort and are at odds with the fiscal reality and the current demands of States.  I say that every Member ought to take a look at the Roberts amendment. It is a commonsense step to make this bill do what the Children's Health Insurance Program was supposed to be doing for the last 12 years, since it was first instituted in 1997--to help low-income kids get the coverage that they would not otherwise have.  I support this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  