 President, in closing today--and I know we have a few votes, but we are about done--I wish to talk about bipartisanship. I believe I have a history of getting bipartisan compromises done. Over the last several years, I have worked to deliver important bipartisan legislation on taxes, trade, and health care. We work together, we make commitments, and we sometimes have to say no to Members of our own party who would put their specific interests ahead of bipartisanship. It is tough at times, but when we work together to produce legislation, we are better off for doing so.  Lately, I have seen a disturbing change in the way bipartisanship appears to be working around the Senate. Last year, on Medicare, we were working together for months--I am talking about for months--on a bipartisan bill to extend a lot of things in Medicare. It was jointly drafted. There were many provisions in the bill I strongly supported. But when we came to an impasse on some of the tough political issues, the majority solved the tough issues the way they wanted them and moved forward. That is not the way I think bipartisanship should work.  Then we have this bill before us today. It is largely the work of Senators Baucus, Hatch, Rockefeller, and myself. It should be a bipartisan piece of legislation, but it is not. In this case, the majority decided to make some very political changes in the bill and presented it to us as a ``take it or leave it'' proposition. Today, I choose to leave it.  Some Senators have tried to argue that this bill is 90 percent the bill we voted in 2007. I wonder that those Senators don't realize how insulting it is to me to hear that. It is an open admission that the majority unilaterally changed 10 percent of the bill and has presented it to me as a take it or leave it; it can still be bipartisan, Chuck Grassley, if you will just do what we tell you to do.  The stimulus bill coming next week is no better. We were presented with a bill and asked if we wanted to sign on to it and call it bipartisan. That approach shouldn't come as a surprise to anybody or much of a surprise at all. As the Speaker said: We won the election, we write the bills. I must admit I appreciate why House Republicans decided yesterday they would not sign off on Speaker Pelosi's version of bipartisanship.  We need to get back to real bipartisanship around here.  I yield the floor.  