 It is very much brotherly love and I appreciate that.  Today I wish to talk about some of the questionable spending in this bill and some of the amendments we aren't going to be able to vote on. First of all, there is $87 billion in Medicaid funds in this bill. As I have said on this floor several times, it is more than States need to pay for enrollment-driven increases in Medicaid spending due to the recession. We all accept the fact that there needs to be more money for Medicaid, as long as it is directly related to an increase in unemployment. However, I explained last week how the facts show that this amount is far more than States need for the cost of the new Medicaid enrollment resulting from a downturn in the economy. What the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office determined was that what States need to pay for increases in Medicaid enrollment is not the $87 billion in the bill but a lot smaller amount--$10.8 billion--directly related to an increase of unemployment Medicaid use.  So the question is, Why does the bill provide almost eight times what the States actually need for the new enrollment resulting from that downturn? I say we shouldn't kid ourselves. This bill gives States, in a sense, a slush fund. Now, I am willing to admit States might need money for other programs, but it shouldn't be covered up by saying it is Medicaid money.  On Friday night, I had an amendment to ensure that Medicaid funds would have been distributed fairly. Amazingly, 17 Members of the Senate voted to give their States less money, but at least in that case, I was able to get a vote. I had several other amendments that were never allowed to be made pending. All day Wednesday we were prevented from making amendments pending. Retreats and signing ceremonies got in the way. Thursday evening we spent more time arguing over whether amendments would be made pending rather than actually processing amendments. It seems contrary to what President Obama said on Monday night. He said the Republicans have a lot of good ideas and we ought to make this a bipartisan bill. So we get to 10 o'clock on Friday morning. We were encouraged to bring our amendments to the floor so they could be debated. For some reason, the first amendment was not allowed until 4\1/2\ hours later.  So I am disappointed that several amendments on this side of the aisle, including some of my own, would not receive a vote. I am not convinced the majority wanted to have open debate and take votes on many of these amendments, including mine. It is too bad because this bill still can be made a bipartisan bill, and this bill can still be made a more effective bill.  Congress is giving States, then, $87 billion for Medicaid and resting on the hope that States don't strip the health care safety net for low-income families and then pocket money. For instance, in my State of Iowa I recently read in the paper that they are going to cut $20 million out of Medicaid. So if we can do things with all the money we are going to give to the States to make sure these programs aren't cut, it seems to me, for that additional $76 billion, we ought to get some of that assurance. I use the word ``hope'' that they don't do that because the underlying bill doesn't do enough to make sure States do what is best with the Medicaid Program. Does the bill prevent States from getting Medicaid Programs? It does not. The bill only prevents States from cutting Medicaid on one of three propositions, this one being income eligibility. So that is a good thing. But if Congress is giving States $87 billion and telling them not to cut Medicaid eligibility, shouldn't Congress also tell States they can't cut benefits? If Congress is giving States $87 billion and telling them not to cut Medicaid eligibility, then shouldn't Congress also tell States they can't cut payments to providers? Will Medicaid beneficiaries who are elderly or disabled be able to receive home- and community-based services? Will there be enough pharmacists taking Medicaid? Will there be enough rural hospitals or public hospitals taking Medicaid patients? Will there be enough community health centers taking Medicaid people? Will Medicaid beneficiaries who are elderly or disabled be able to get into nursing homes? Will States cut mental health services because Congress didn't prevent them from doing so in this bill? Will there be pediatricians or children's hospitals there for children on Medicaid?  So if the Senate does nothing to protect access to these vital providers, nobody will be able to assure the people who count on Medicaid that the care they need will be there. I filed an amendment that prevents States from generally cutting eligibility and benefits and providers. In other words, I ambuilding on what the bill's authors did. They said don't cut eligibility. I agree with that. But shouldn't we, at the same time, not allow States to cut benefits and providers while all the time the States are getting $87 billion, which is about $75 billion, $76 billion more than what the recession-driven unemployment qualifiers for Medicaid need? The other day, if we had a chance, Members could have voted, in other words, to protect Medicaid providers and people who are on it. That should have had a vote.  The bill provides in addition a COBRA subsidy to involuntarily terminated employees. The bill places no limits on the eligibility for the subject. Why? I haven't quite figured it out. I know the amendment we are now considering lowers the subsidy, but it still has no limits on eligibility for that subsidy.  Last week, President Obama and his administration issued guidelines for capping compensation paid to CEOs whose institutions receive taxpayers' dollars through the TARP program, but the fact of the matter is this: Former Wall Street CEOs and hedge fund managers who have made millions of dollars while running our economy into the ground will get a taxpayers' subsidy equal to now 50 percent of their health care insurance. It seems to me that is outrageous.  I filed an amendment that simply said if a worker who was voluntarily terminated from their job earned income in excess of $125,000 for individuals or $250,000 for families as a whole, this worker would not be eligible to receive the subsidy. What is magic about $250,000? It is the same level President Obama in the campaign said that people above that level should have tax increases. So I figured $250,000: You shouldn't be eligible for a subsidy for your health insurance, particularly if you are coming from a company that as a CEO you drove into the ground. That amendment should have had a vote.  It is not just the health care amendments. This bill could be improved by increasing the tax credit for education expenses. Senator Schumer and I filed an amendment--now, that is a bipartisan amendment--that would have done just that. It would have increased the American Opportunity Tax Credit from $2,500 to $3,000. It was a bipartisan amendment. It should have had a vote.  I also remain deeply concerned about the oversight of this bill. On the front page of today's Washington Post, there is a story with this headline: ``If Spending Is Swift, Oversight May Suffer.'' Well, a person such as I was very interested. I spend more time on oversight than I do on legislating because I don't think we do enough of it here. The article says:       The Obama administration's economic stimulus plan could end      up wasting billions of dollars by attempting to spend money      faster than an overburdened government acquisition system can      manage and oversee it.  When there is a potential for waste, fraud, and abuse, Congress needs to be proactive, not reactive. This is why I filed an amendment to ensure Congress has the ability to get information from the executive branch and respond to the allegations that will inevitably come in. The amendment would ensure that any agency that gets funding under this bill would be required to provide records upon written request by a chairman or ranking member of a committee of Congress. The committee records should not be kept secret from the elected representatives of the people. I have always tried to focus on good Government issues such as waste, fraud, and abuse. That is what my amendment did. That should have had a vote.  I know a lot of people have worked very hard putting this bill together. I have done some of that myself, so I know what work it takes. I know a lot of people worked very hard putting a substitute amendment together. I respect that they have worked hard. Hard work doesn't mean, though, that it is necessarily good work. We should all have been allowed to consider and vote on more amendments than we have. I would say on all the amendments I have discussed in my remarks today, giving $87 billion, even though that is as much as eight times what they need to stay ahead of enrollment-driven Medicaid increases, is still not well thought out. Giving States $87 billion while still allowing them to cut their Medicaid Programs is still not well thought out.  Giving a COBRA subsidy to millionaires is still not well thought out. It is still not well thought out. It is still out of control.  The Senate should have been allowed to vote on the numerous amendments I have discussed today to address the shortcomings that occur when partisan bills are moved too quickly. We could still do that. We could process these amendments today. But as we have seen throughout, the majority is not interested in true bipartisanship or in process that allows for full and open debate on amendments. We have the House of Representatives and the ``House of Representatives in training,'' given how this debate has been run.  Today we are being told ``just do it,'' at the expense of doing this very important and urgent legislation in a way that does right by the American people in the short and longer term.  I yield the floor.  