 The junior Senator from California said this morning:       Charles Grassley: I do not think it takes a rocket      scientist to know that this bill will cost jobs. That is what      he said of the Clinton plan that created 23 million jobs.  That is the end of the quote of what this Senator said. It is an accurate quote, but I want to make sure there is a context.  I made that statement about the 1993 Clinton tax hike bill on seniors and the vast majority of other Americans. The junior Senator from California is saying that one tax hike bill in 1993 is solely responsible for the creation of 23 million jobs between 1993 and the year 2000 and, in a sense, we should ignore all other economic events, including the work of the Republican Congress, free-trade legislation, and many other factors that actually caused the job creation during that period. Other than being simply wrong, it revises fiscal history. I felt the need to respond to those remarks because the junior Senator from California called me out by name on the Senate floor.  I gave a speech on the Senate floor just yesterday that clearly rebuts her mistaken assertion that the Clinton 1993 tax hike bill was the cause of 23 million jobs. Perhaps she was involved in partisan negotiations on the stimulus bill instead of watching my speech at that time.  I will note that as one of five Senate conferees on the stimulus bill, I have been excluded from participating in conference negotiations and instead will only be invited to a photo op today scheduled at 3 p.m. which the Democrats are referring to as the one conference meeting that is required under the rules. Dave Camp, the only other Republican tax writer who is a conferee, has also been excluded from conference negotiations.  There will not be any negotiations, give or take, or compromise at that meeting; it will simply be to ratify a deal that Democrats and three Republicans out of 219 Republicans in the entire Congress have agreed to. In fact, there were more Democrats--11 in the House of Representatives--who voted against the stimulus package than there were the three Republicans who voted for it. This bill was handed over to the House Democratic leadership to write, and they wrote a bill that was loaded down with a lot of unnecessary--well, I shouldn't say unnecessary spending; I should say spending that goes way beyond the 2-year window of stimulus; a window that Dr. Summers, the President's economic adviser, said ought to be timely, temporary, and targeted. That is 2 years, that is not forever.  So this bill is not stimulative, then, or goes way beyond being stimulative, and it tended to include items that reward Democratic supporters such as unions and environmental groups. It has an enormous bailout of States that overspent their budgets and a lot of spending that belongs in an appropriations bill but which has no place in a stimulus bill. Less than 34 percent of the Senate bill was tax relief, according to the Congressional Budget Office, which is the official scorekeeper on that matter. Less than 1 percent of the Senate bill was tax relief for small business, and small businesses are the engine for job growth in our economy, creating three-fourths of new jobs in our economy.  Since the junior Senator from California clearly did not hear my speech from yesterday, I wish to go over some of the key items she has overlooked. Two days ago, and again this morning, there was a lot of revision or perhaps editing of recent budget history. Our President alluded to it. I agree with the President there is a lot of revisionism in the debate. The revisionist history basically boils down to two conclusions: that all of the so-called good fiscal history of the 1990s was derived from a partisan tax increase of 1993; and No. 2, that all of the bad fiscal history of this decade to date is attributable to bipartisan tax relief plans earlier this decade.  Now, not surprisingly, nearly all of the revisionists who spoke generally oppose tax relief and support tax increases. The same crew generally support spending increases and oppose spending cuts. In the debate so far, many on this side have pointed out some key, undeniable facts. The bill before us, with interest included, increases the deficit by over $1 trillion. The bill before us is a heavy stew of spending increases and refundable tax credits, seasoned with small pieces of tax relief. The bill before us has new temporary spending that if made permanent will burden future budget deficits by over $1 trillion. All of this occurs--all of it occurs--in an environment where the automatic economic stabilizers are kicking in to help the most unfortunate in America with unemployment insurance, food stamps, and other benefits--things that are part of the social fabric of America that are meant to take care of people in need, and particularly right now when we are in a recession, they automatically trigger in to higher levels of spending. That antirecessionary spending, together with lower tax receipts and the TARP activities, has set a fiscal table of a deficit of $1.2 trillion. That is the highest deficit as a percentage of the economy in post-World War II history, not a pretty fiscal picture. It is going to get a lot uglier as a result of this bill. So for the folks who see this bill as an opportunity to recover America with Government taking a larger share of the economy over the long term, I say congratulations.  If a Member votes for this bill, that Member puts us on the path to a bigger role for the Government, but supporters of this bill need to own up tothe fiscal course they are charting. That is where the revisionist history comes from. It is a strategy to divert, through a twisted blame game, from the facts before us. One can ask: How is this history revisionist? So I would take each conclusion one by one.  The first conclusion is that all of the good fiscal history was derived from the 1993 tax increase. To knock down this assertion, all you have to do is take a look at this chart--not a chart produced by the Senator from Iowa but a chart produced from data from the Clinton administration, and it is right here. It is the same chart I had up a couple of days ago. The much ballyhooed partisan 1993 tax increase accounts for 13 percent--you can say 13 percent or you can say just 13 percent, and I prefer the latter--just 13 percent of the deficit reduction through the decade of the 1990s.  The biggest source of deficit reduction, 35 percent, came from, as you can see, cuts in defense spending. Of course, that fiscal benefit originated from President Reagan's stare-down of the Communist regime in Russia before 1989, and we didn't have to spend as much on defense because the Cold War was--well, there wasn't a Cold War, I suppose you could say. The same folks on that side who opposed President Reagan's defense buildup take credit for the fiscal benefit of a peace dividend.  The next biggest source of deficit reduction, 32 percent, is other revenue. It came from various sources. Basically, this was the fiscal benefit from progrowth policies, such as the bipartisan capital gains tax cut of 1997, and the free-trade agreements President Clinton, with Republican votes, established.  The savings from the policies I have pointed out translated into interest savings. So you get the 15 percent that is from interest savings.  Now, for all the chest-thumping about the 1990s, these chest thumpers who push for big social spending didn't bring much to the deficit reduction table of the 1990s. That contribution was the 5 percent you see up there.  What is more, the fiscal revisionist historians in this body tend to forget who the players were. They are correct that there was a Democratic President in the White House. But they conveniently forget the Republicans controlled the Congress for that period, where the deficit came down and turned to surplus. They tend to forget they fought the principle of a balanced budget that was the centerpiece of our policy at that time, the Republican Party's policy.  Remember the Government shutdown in late 1995?  They ought to remember that. Remember what it was about? It was about a plan to balance the budget. Republicans paid a political price for forcing the issue. But, in 1997, President Clinton agreed. Recall, as well, all through the 1990s what the year-end battles were all about. On one side, congressional Democrats and the Clinton administration pushed for more spending. On the other side, congressional Republicans were pushing for tax relief. In the end, both sides compromised. That is the real fiscal history of the 1990s.  Let's turn to the other conclusion of the revisionist fiscal historians. That conclusion is that, in this decade, all fiscal problems are attributable to the widespread tax relief enacted in 2001--which was a bipartisan bill--2003, 2004, and 2006.  In 2001, President Bush came into office and inherited an economy that was careening downhill. Investment started to go flat in 2000--you know, the NASDAQ bubble that lost 50 percent of its value. In February 2000, we started down the road of more than 40 months of downturn in the manufacturing index. Then we had the economic shocks that related from the 9/11 terrorist attacks and then you can add in the corporate scandals to that economic environment.  It is true, as fiscal year 2001 came to a close, the projected surplus turned to a deficit, and we have a chart that shows the start of this decade's fiscal history.  