 I hope this report will once and for all put an end to any serious consideration of the CLASS Act. The CLASS Act is going to be in the bill, if this bill passes Congress. But it should not be in it, and we should have had a long discussion on this provision because it is simply fiscally unsustainable.  The information the Chief Actuary's letter provides is ample evidence of why the CLASS part of this bill cannot work. Quoting from page 13 of the Chief Actuary's letter:       We estimate that an initial average premium level of about      $240 per month would be required to adequately fund CLASS      program costs for this level of enrollment, antiselection,      and premium inadequacy for students and low income      participants.  So who would enroll in the CLASS program? An American making 300 percent of poverty has a gross income of $32,490. If the CLASS premium is, as the Chief Actuary predicts, $240 per month--that is $2,880 per year--and an individual at 300 percent of poverty would have to commit 8.9 percent of their income to join the program. That is simply not possible, nor is it plausible to argue that young, healthy persons will commit almost 9 percent of their income to long-term care insurance policy.  The people who will enroll then are those who have real expectations of using the long-term care benefit. People who join the CLASS program with the expectation of needing the benefit become the Bernie Madoffs of the CLASS Act Ponzi scheme.  An individual becomes eligible for the CLASS program after paying premiums for just 5 years. If a person pays premiums of $2,880 per year for 5 years, they would have paid a total of $14,400 in premiums for that program. That person can then begin collecting a benefit of $1,500 per month. In 10 months, the person will have recouped their 5 years' worth of premiums.  This simple explanation should make it crystal clear why the CLASS Act is a fiscal disaster waiting to happen, not based on our determination but based on the determination of the Chief Actuary. The premium will be too expensive to entice young, healthy people to participate. The benefit payout is very enticing for people who know they will need the benefit. Healthy people do not participate; sicker people will. This adverse selection problem will send the program into the classic insurance death spiral.  The Chief Actuary concluded on page 14 of his report with this one sentence:       There is a very serious risk that the problem of adverse      selection would make the CLASS program unsustainable.  If the CLASS Act becomes law, the Federal taxpayers are at very serious risk of paying a price to clean up the fiscal disaster when the CLASS Act fails.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  