  It is amendment No. 404, and it is called the Trade and Globalization Adjustment Assistance Act of 2009.  My colleagues are used to hearing me talk about the importance of trade.  Trade creates good, well paying jobs for American workers, farmers, and service suppliers. Those jobs are more important than ever in this time of economic difficulty.  So we need to keep working hard to open new markets for U.S. goods and services.  But if we are going to engage in international trade, we need to make sure we are looking out for U.S. workers who are affected by foreign competition.  Our trade adjustment assistance program is the primary program the Federal Government has for helping those workers. Unfortunately, the program is out of date. It isn't doing enough to help the workers who need it. And that is why I have joined with Senator Baucus to update it.  Today's amendment is the culmination of months of hard work on the part of Senator Baucus and myself. And this work reflects years of oversight and careful thought. It is also the product of close collaboration and intensive negotiations with our counterparts on the House Ways and Means Committee, Chairman Rangel and Congressman Camp. I want to thank my colleagues for their cooperation and good will.  This amendment truly is a bipartisan, bicameral product. The amendment would update the trade adjustment assistance program in important ways, so it better serves the needs of our workers in the globalized economy of the 21st century. I will mention some of those changes now, and I anticipate that Senator Baucus and I will introduce report language into the Record to reflect the legislative intent behind the provisions we have included in our amendment.  One of the most important changes that the amendment makes is to open the trade adjustment assistance program to workers in the services sector. Those workers aren't currently eligible for trade adjustment assistance.  So, if you are a customer service representative, and your job is outsourced to India, you are out of luck.  That limitation makes no sense to me. Services make up almost 80 percent of our economy, so it makes sense that service workers should be eligible for adjustment assistance if they are adversely impacted by trade. But that last point is critically important. Trade adjustment assistance should be made available to service workers, but only if they can demonstrate a causal nexus between trade and the loss of jobs.  The amendment I introduced with Senator Baucus requires an express determination of such a causal nexus before service workers can be certified for trade adjustment assistance. I wouldn't be here supporting this compromise if it didn't. The same goes for manufacturing workers. Trade adjustment assistance is premised upon an adverse trade impact, and this amendment preserves that nexus. Our amendment fills the hole in existing law so that software developers, customer service reps, and other service workers will be able to seek the same benefits that are currently available to workers in the manufacturing sector, and on the same terms. That is only fair.  We also increase the availability of training funds so that States can handle this expansion in eligibility and provide better training opportunities for displaced workers, to help them train for new careers. Our amendment expands the trade adjustment assistance for firms program to help individual firms better respond to foreign competition and avoid having to cut jobs to begin with. It improves the trade adjustment assistance for farmers program to provide targeted training and to help agricultural producers develop new skills and business plans. It creates a trade adjustment assistance for communities program to help entire communities respond to the pressures of globalization, and to help community colleges and other educational institutions develop new and more targeted courses to assist trade-impacted workers. And it helps States fund caseworker time spent with TAA clients, so that laid-off workers will have someone to help them examine their options and plan next steps.  Our amendment introduces a great deal more flexibility into the program, so that workers can choose between full-time and part-time training, or full-time work with limited wage insurance. Trade-impacted workers can even take advantage of training and case management services before they lose their jobs. Our amendment also improves the accountability and internal oversight of the program, at the State and Federal level, to provide additional assurance that taxpayer monies will be well-spent.  I have already noted that this amendment is a bipartisan effort that reflects the work of four offices. It is a compromise in many respects. There are portions of the amendment that I might have done differently if it were solely up to me. But that is the nature of compromise. And the overall policy embodied in this amendment is a good one that will do a lot of good for a lot of Americans--in Iowa and across the United States. Equally important, if we enact this amendment into law, it will help unlock the trade agenda so we can progress with other important priorities. Chief among those is implementation of the Colombia trade agreement, which is my top trade priority. And then we need to turn to our other trade agreements with Panama and South Korea as well. We need to level the playing field so that our exporters, service suppliers, and farmers can increase their sales to foreign countries. It is more important than ever.  We have had a social compact on trade for over 45 years.  One side of that compact is to address the needs of trade-displaced workers, and we are doing that with the Baucus-Grassley amendment.  The other side is to open up new markets for U.S. exports.  That was a driving principle when President Kennedy established the trade adjustment assistance program. President Obama should hold true to that principle by doing everything he can to create new export opportunities, starting with implementation of our pending trade agreements. A pro-growth trade agenda should be integral to our economic recovery strategy.  Now let me turn to the provisions in this amendment dealing with the health coverage tax credit. The health coverage tax credit was the creation of a bipartisan effort in 2002. It was designed to help those who were losing their jobs and their health coverage due to trade-related restructuring. The health coverage tax credit represented the first time that the Federal Government offered assistance in the form of a tax credit to purchase health coverage. It was a new way of doing things. Instead of the government offering government-run coverage, the government was offering a tax credit to purchase private coverage. That is a good thing.  As a new program, it had start-up challenges. And the program has special challenges that we don't see in the regular insurance market. You see, the trade adjustment assistance program is for a limited number of people. And it is offered just while people who have lost their jobs are going through retraining and finding another job. Health insurers do their best when they are insuring a larger group of people for a longer period of time. That is how insurance normally works. But the TAA program is the opposite.  So this program has some special challenges to manage. And for a new program, I think it has managed those challenges pretty well. But there is always room for improvement. That is especially true for a new program like this one. The Government Accountability Office and the Internal Revenue Service have studied the health coverage tax credit program and offered their recommendations. The health plans have also offered suggestions for how to make the program work better.  The amendment that Senator Baucus and I have worked out would make a number of improvements to the program. These are improvements neededto make it work better for eligible workers. First, we need to make coverage more affordable. That is something I hope we can address in more comprehensive health reform. But in the meantime, this amendment will make coverage affordable by increasing the tax credit to 80 percent of the cost of coverage. By providing more assistance, we can make private insurance options more affordable. Let's not forget that if we don't preserve access in the private market, many of these unemployed workers and their families will be forced into Medicaid. This amendment also makes important changes that will raise awareness about the program. One of the biggest barriers to enrollment is that people just don't know about the program. We are also going to help people with up-front costs during enrollment, and improve coverage for family members.  As I said before, this is not a perfect program and today's changes are not going to make it perfect. I hope as this process moves forward, we can still look for ways to expand the number of coverage options for people that want to use the credit. We should make sure they have a variety of choices in the individual market. But even though today's changes don't do everything we would like, they represent another step in making this program work better for unemployed workers and their families.  And I compliment Senator Baucus for his hard work and commitment to moving forward on these important reforms. With that, I invite my colleagues to join me in supporting amendment 404, the Trade and Globalization Adjustment Assistance Act of 2009. The reforms in this amendment will provide immediate benefits to workers impacted by trade in Iowa and across the country. Over the long term, these reforms will help to strengthen the global competitiveness of our workforce. And that translates into maintaining good-paying jobs right here in the United States.  