 Lynn's leadership was dangerous, misguided, and irresponsible. It demonstrated a lack of sound business judgment. It may have been inconsistent with various provisions of law. Because don't the taxpayers expect you write a check, you have a reason for writing it, you have an invoice or something that says youowe X number of dollars? Straight pay left the taxpayers' hard-earned money vulnerable to fraud and theft, and we have had that.  I was not alone in this assessment. At my subcommittee hearing on September 28, 1998, the Government Accountability Office witness said essentially the same thing. DFAS payment policies in Mr. Lynn's watch left the door wide open to fraud.  For all these reasons, I have to say Mr. Lynn, as Chief Financial Officer, did not do everything humanly possible to protect the taxpayers' interests. When he pushed the straight pay policy and went silent on pay-and-chase, he did not act in the public interest.  As Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Lynn was also supposed to do his part to develop and integrate a finance and accounting system that would allow the Department of Defense to produce a financial statement that could earn a clean audit opinion. I know this is a massive and complex undertaking, but Mr. Lynn could have gotten the ball rolling in the right direction, even if he didn't get it under control.  I can guarantee one thing: The principle of straight pay was not conducive to the creation of an integrated accounting system. One of the first steps in that process is to link obligations to disbursements. Straight pay truncated that link and undermined integration.  Although he claimed to have launched several important reform initiatives, there appears to be little or no measurable progress toward the goal of integration on his watch. In fact, his payment policies probably took us in the wrong and opposite direction and had an opposite effect. The Department's books of account were a mess when Mr. Lynn became Chief Financial Officer, they were a mess when he left, and I have a feeling they remain a mess today, with no fix in sight.  Congress passed the Chief Financial Officers Act in 1990 in an attempt to fix the problems in accounting of Government finances in every department. Eighteen years after this legislation, the Department of Finance, as a whole, has yet to earn a clean audit.  Mr. Lynn should not be the only person held accountable for poor accounting at the Department of Defense. He was one of many individuals in a long line of Chief Financial Officers and Comptrollers who, for whatever reason, were unsuccessful in solving the financial misstep at the Defense Department. Mr. Hamre, his predecessor, used to say: ``Fixing this problem is like changing a tire on a car going at 100 miles per hour.''  I have shared some of my sentiments on Mr. Lynn's performance as Chief Financial Officer. I hope these insights are helpful to my colleagues before they vote yes or no on this nomination. If confirmed, we hope he will do everything possible to protect our national security. We hope he will protect the taxpayers' hard-earned money, and we hope he will make sure the taxpayers' money is wisely spent and, most importantly, spent according to law. We hope he will usher in a new era of financial accountability at the Department of Defense. At this point, we simply don't know what Mr. Lynn will do. I don't own that crystal ball that would be necessary to make that determination. It is all about the future, and that is relatively unknown. But we do know something about what he did in the past as the Department of Defense Chief Financial Officer.  As Chief Financial Officer, he advocated very questionable accounting practices that obviously were not in the public interest. Writing a check in any department without knowing what that check is paying for is not in the public's interest. It is not a wise expenditure of public money. We need accounting systems that account for every dollar going out, having a purpose of a service or a product that it bought. I urge my colleagues then to weigh those considerations in reaching a decision on how to vote on the Lynn nomination.  Lastly, I wish to take a moment to thank the Senate Armed Services Committee leadership, both Republican and Democratic, and their staff for their patience on this issue. I appreciate the time Chairman Levin has given me to discuss this nomination. I lay everything I have said before the Senate for consideration.  I have already sought permission to have some of these documents printed in the Record, so I don't think I have to do that.  I yield the floor.  