  On this side of the aisle, we have been waiting for a long period of time to vote on some amendments that are now before the Senate, such as the Crapo motion which would send the bill back to committee to take out the tax increases that are in it. Then we also have the Dorgan amendment. I can understand why maybe the majority does not want to vote on Republican amendments, but I sure don't understand why they would object to voting on Senator Dorgan's amendment, a Democratic amendment, because there have always been more Democrats than Republicans for the Dorgan amendment, and quite frankly, I am in a position where I agree with that amendment. I am a cosponsor of it. I think we would have a great deal of bipartisan support for the Dorgan amendment. But now we are just automatically away from the health care debate and those amendments.  So I am wondering why we had to do this appropriations bill right now. I think there is growing realization that maybe public reaction, negative reaction to the legislation before us--remember that 2,074-page bill that is before us--the public is getting wise to what is in that bill and there is objection to it, and maybe now the majority party would like to have a little respite from that debate. So I thought I would come back to not the substance of the health care reform bill debate but to a lot of organizations that oppose it and why they oppose it, just to keep the public's attention that we on this side of the aisle feel the health care issue is very important.  As I travel around Iowa, I hear a lot of concern about out-of-control government spending. People are worried about all of the bailouts, the banks, and the automakers, the automakers such as General Motors being nationalized. They are worried about the rising rate of unemployment, which is 10 percent now. They don't see how we will ever dig ourselves out of the deficit hole we are in, a deficit that has been increased by $1.3 trillion since President Obama's inauguration.  As Senator McCain just pointed out, the bill that has now come before the Senate to fully fund the Federal Government has 12.5-percent increases in it. From that standpoint, it seems to me we are getting away from a commonsense principle that we ought to use around here on spending, and that is that spending shouldn't eat up any more than the economic growth of the tax base that is coming into the Federal Treasury to support that spending. Quite obviously, you can't have 12.5 percent increases in appropriations this year over last year, and last year was 9 percent over the previous year. You just can't sustain that. Common sense dictates against it. But what rules here in Washington is just a lot of nonsense.  So our constituents are confused. They are confused as to why, in the face of all these fiscal problems, some in Congress are now proposing $500 billion in tax increases. Tax increases are very bad for the economy. It is more difficult to get out of the recession asyou increase expenditures. They don't understand why some are proposing the largest Medicaid expansion since the program's creation. They want to know why they are proposing $500 billion in Medicare cuts to create an entirely new entitlement program that this country can't afford.  Nowhere are these worries and this confusion more evident than among business leaders of America because business is where jobs are created. Government does not produce wealth; government consumes wealth. So if you want to expand the economy, you do it through the private sector. That is where the resources of government come from. That is where the resources that sustain our people come from.  So whether it is a small business owner on Main Street or a CEO on Wall Street, the message is clear: Stop spending, get the economy back on track, and get people back to work.  Unfortunately, the health reform bill will not address any of these goals. In fact, it may just do the opposite. Don't take my word for it. Let's take a look at what the groups that represent American businesses are saying.  Let's start with the Chamber of Commerce representing 3 million American businesses. In a press release distributed November 19, 1 day after the release of the Senate bill, the Chamber called the Senate bill a ``Missed Opportunity to Enact Meaningful Reform.'' That was their title.  Let me go to a specific quote:       This bill still contains a government-run plan and an      onerous employer mandate, it taxes working Americans, slashes      Medicare, spends over a trillion dollars--and after all      this--CBO tells us 24 million Americans will still not have      health insurance.  That doesn't sound like the kind of reform that is going to help get the chamber members back on track hiring more workers so we can get this unemployment down. It sounds as though they will end up being forced to pay higher taxes and cut jobs. I am not an economist, but that certainly doesn't sound like a formula for getting this country out of the recession.  In fact, the chamber's press release says:       The Chamber believes the path to a healthier economy is to      cut taxes, not to raise them by $500 billion.  They go on to ask a question for which I still can't find an answer:       Why is there still no meaningful medical liability reform?      Is currying favor with the trial lawyers worth passing up $50      billion in CBO verified savings?  I think it is pretty clear that the Chamber of Commerce doesn't think this $2.5 trillion bill will cure what ails the U.S. economy.  Let's see what some other business groups have to say. The National Association of Manufacturers put out a press release the same day as the Chamber of Commerce, November 19. The National Association of Manufacturers is the Nation's largest industrial trade association. Their members build the machines that keep America running, so they should know a little bit about how to get our economy running again. Unfortunately, they see Senator Reid's bill as a step in the wrong direction. Like the Chamber and like pretty much every other business group, the National Association of Manufacturers has announced that they cannot support the pending bill.  I find it hard to believe that some Senators who claim to be probusiness can support a bill that is opposed by almost the entire business community--or am I missing something? How can some Democrats who claim to want to get people back to work support a bill that economists from the far right to the far left say will reduce wages and increase unemployment? It just doesn't seem to make sense.  Like other business groups, the National Association of Manufacturers is in favor of reform. Manufacturers realize that we need health reform to lower costs, increase access, and improve quality. But according to their press release, they cannot support a bill that will--this is their quote--``add massive financial burdens to businesses that are already struggling in this recession.'' They go on to express deep concern about huge tax increases that will hurt small business manufacturers, and they are worried that both the so-called public option and the massive Medicaid expansion will just end up shifting more costs and higher premiums to private businesses.  The National Association of Manufacturers ends their press release by saying:       Oppose the majority leader's bill and urge Senators to do      the same as it raises costs and ultimately will destroy jobs.  Again, I find myself asking how someone can claim to be probusiness but support a bill that is so strongly opposed by the business community.  Let's take a look at what small businesses have to say. Maybe that is where the answer is. You have to remember that small businesses create 70 percent of the net new jobs in America. In fact, it was Christina Romer, the President's top economic adviser, who said in a recent Webcast that health care reform will ``benefit small business--not burden it.''  Unfortunately, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, the voice of small businesses, doesn't seem to agree. After the release of Senator Reid's bill, the National Federation of Independent Businesses said this:       This kind of reform is not what we need to encourage small      business to thrive. We oppose the Patient Protection and      Affordable Care Act due to the amount of new taxes, the      creation of new mandates, and the establishment of new      entitlement programs.  Like the chamber and the National Association of Manufacturers, small businesses want and need reform, probably more so than even chamber members and the National Association of Manufacturers. But it doesn't sound as though the pending bill actually addresses the problems of small business. In fact, it sounds as though the pending bill simply creates a host of new problems--problems at a time when this country is coming back from the brink of the greatest economic downturn since the Depression.  The National Federation of Independent Businesses goes on to say:       There is no doubt all of these burdens will be paid for on      the backs of small businesses.  Over the coming weeks, I am sure some Senators are going to come down here and talk about all of the benefits for small businesses that are in this bill. But in the interest of honest debate, I hope they will at least mention in their remarks that despite all of the so-called benefits, this bill is still opposed by the voices of America's small businesses. It is still opposed by the National Federation of Independent Businesses. I could go on and list about half a dozen other business groups that oppose this bill. The Associated Builders and Contractors, the Independent Electrical Contractors, the International Franchise Association, the National Association of Wholesalers, the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, and the International Food Service Distribution Association--all of these groups recognize the devastating impact this bill will have on our economy.  We are facing the highest unemployment rate in 26 years. We have already seen the national debt increase by $1.3 trillion since inauguration or per household $11,535. The pending bill misses the mark on business' top priority, and that is lowering costs. Don't take my word for it. The Congressional Budget Office says the Reid bill bends the Federal spending curve further upward by a net of $160 billion between 2010 and 2019.  For these reasons, the pending bill is opposed by these organizations I have quoted: the National Association of Manufacturers, the Chamber of Commerce, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, as well as almost every other business group based in Washington, DC, or maybe, for all I know, they are based in other parts of the country, but they still follow legislation here in this city, in the Congress.  The business community has spoken, and their message is loud and clear. For Senators who want to bend the growth curve down--and that is what we all set out to do, but we don't have a bill before us that does it--this bill is not the answer. For those Senators who want to get people back to work, this bill is not the answer.  For those Senators who want to get this country's economy back on track, this bill is not the answer.  If you support American businesses--and American businesses are what provide the income into the Federal Treasury, whether it is corporate tax or income tax--it seems to me that if you have pride in American businesses and the jobs they create, you cannot support this bill.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. McCaskill). The Senator from Washington is recognized.  