 Maybe you can dispute the interpretations of it, but these are figures you can rely upon.  If my comments were meant to be partisan shots, I could say this favorable fiscal path from 2003 to 2007 was the only period, aside from 6 months in 2001, where Republicans controlled the White House and the Congress. But unlike the fiscal history revisionists, I am not trying to make any partisan points; I am trying to give you the fiscal facts.  We have another chart that compares tax receipts for the 4 years after the much ballyhooed 1993 tax increase and the 4-year period after the 2003 tax cut.  On a year-by-year basis, this chart compares the change in revenues as a percentage of GDP. In 1993, the Clinton tax increase brought in more revenue as compared to the 2003 tax cut. That trend, though, reversed as both policies moved along in years. You can see from the chart how the extra revenue went up over time relative to the flat line of the 1993 tax increase, which ought to make it very clear that you don't necessarily bring in more revenue because you increase taxes, and you can decrease taxes, stimulate the economy, encourage business activity, encourage investment, and bring in more revenue.  The progrowth tax and trade policies of the 1990s, along with the ``peace dividend'' had a lot more to do with deficit reduction in the 1990s than the 1993 tax increase, which was only 13 percent of deficit reduction. In this decade, deficits went down after tax relief plans were put in full effect.  That is the past. We need to make sure we understand it. But what is most important is the future. In fact, the last election, based upon President Obama's very own statements, was about the future, not about the past. So we should not be talking about the past. People in our States sent us here to deal with future policy. They don't send us here to flog one another similar to partisan cartoon cutout characters over past policies. They don't send us here to endlessly point fingers of blame. Now let's focus on the fiscal consequences on the bill in front of us. That is what this vote, before we end this week, is all about.  President Obama rightly focused us on the future with his eloquence during the campaign. I would like to take a--paraphrase a quote from the President's nomination acceptance speech:       We need a President who can face the threats of the future,      not grasping at the ideas of the past.  President Obama was right.  We need a President, and I would add Congressmen and Senators, who can face the threats of the future. This bill, as currently written, poses considerable threats to our fiscal future. Senator McCain's spending trigger amendment showed us the way. We can rewrite this bill to retain its stimulative effect, but turn off the spending when the recovery occurs.  Grasping at ideas of the past or playing the partisan blame game will not deal with the threats to our fiscal future.  It is not too late to do a clean stimulus bill, which is what the American people want and need. There is a way to reach a real bipartisan compromise, not just picking off a few Senators that frequently vote with the Democrats. We can have a significant amount of infrastructure spending for roads and bridges. Even though some on our side of the aisle have issues with the making work pay credit, we could take that and expand it to cover all those making up to $250,000--which is the level that President Obama and his surrogates said during the campaign that he wants to cut taxes for people. Instead, the making work pay credit phases out starting at $70,000 for individual workers. So we are saying a large part of the middle class by President Obama's definition won't get the tax cut. In fact, the ``we give a tax cut to 95 percent of working families'' number that has been bandied about is wrong. According to the Joint Committee onTaxation, 87 percent of workers qualify for some or all of the credit, and even less get all of the credit. So there is a way forward. It is a clean stimulus bill. All the Democratic agenda items and spending items that should go in the appropriations bill can get done in regular order. The Democrats have the votes. They don't need to push that agenda on the American people and dig a deficit ditch an additional $1.2 trillion deeper with this bill, when interest on the bill is considered. They have the votes to push their agenda later in the year. For now, let's give the American people what they want, a clean stimulus bill, and not scare them into thinking that the Democratic agenda needs to be pushed in the stimulus bill. It is reminiscent of that famous chicken--Chicken Little, who said ``The Sky is Falling.'' Let's do a clean stimulus bill instead.  I think this clears up the record. I yield the floor.  