 This amendment, which has been the product of Senator Coburn's and Senator Burr's speeches a few minutes ago, presents a fundamental choice about how we will go forward with health care reform in this country. Now, I wish to emphasize ``how we will go forward with health care reform,'' which is maybe the next health care issue that is going to be before our Senate.  The underlying bill covers 4 million kids. It leaves 2 million kids without coverage. Why? Well, as CBO has told us so often, if you ask State government to go out and cover kids, as we do in Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program, States need more and more Federal dollars to do so. So let's face it, that is exactly how this bill works. We throw billions of dollars at the States, and the States go out and find kids and pay for their health care. The more money we throw at the States, the more kids they cover. The less money we throw at States, the fewer kids they cover.  The Coburn amendment takes a totally different approach. This amendment generally follows the successful way that the Medicare Part D benefit works. By the way, let me say parenthetically about Medicare Part D, which has been law now for 4 or 5 years, it is about the only Federal program I know about that has come in under budget. I am not talking about just for 1 year, I am talking about the projections CBO made for it at that time for the 10 years into the future. I don't have an exact figure in mind now, but maybe 6 months ago I used a figure that was in the billions of dollars that it was under what we anticipated spending.  So we are talking about a Coburn amendment that follows the pattern of Part D Medicare, which works, and itis financially a protection for the taxpayers' dollars. If the Federal and State governments work together to create a healthier market, the private sector will be more efficient in covering kids. That is the Part D model. That is the model we have before us in the Coburn amendment. It is the private sector, on the one hand, in that philosophy, versus the public sector on the other hand.  I wish my colleagues had more time to fully develop this with the Congressional Budget Office because the contrast this amendment paints is one we are going to be facing in the health care reform. So I wish to emphasize that the next health care debate we have is going to be health care reform and we ought to have that debate and we ought to bring about the reform that is necessary.  So let's think of that as laying the groundwork for a lot of debate that we are going to have in the upcoming issue of health care reform. Basic questions: Do we want a government-run solution? Is growing our Government bureaucracy in the area of health care the pathway to covering all Americans? Or do we want governments to help the market work better; or possibilities of Government and private partnerships? Do we want to harness the ingenuity that is out there in the private sector in covering all Americans?  Now, I don't answer those questions, but those are questions everybody in this body, and I hope grassroots America, will look at in the coming months. With this vote, I am giving you a partial answer to my approach to these questions.  I would like to go on to, hopefully, what will lead us to a vote on amendment No. 83, I believe is the number of the amendment, but before I do that, I would like to speak about an issue that came up when I was off the floor earlier this afternoon. The chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, my friend, Senator Baucus, characterized the Grassley-Hatch amendment I offered earlier as not covering 750,000 individuals as compared to the underlying bill. This is about my amendment 83.  Now, I understand Senator Baucus later came to the floor to acknowledge that his characterization of the Grassley-Hatch amendment was incorrect and he apologized, and I thank him for that. However, the chairman is still inaccurate, from my point of view, in some characterizations of the Grassley-Hatch amendment, and that is what I wish to go into.  The chairman stated my amendment would cover fewer individuals because it does not include the legal immigrant provision. I would like to draw all my colleagues' attention, but particularly Senator Baucus' attention, to footnote ``f'' on the enrollment table of the Congressional Budget Office production on the underlying bill. Footnote ``f'' states:       The Medicaid and SCHIP figures and the Medicaid SCHIP total      may include some legal immigrant children and pregnant women      who receive health insurance provided through State-funded      programs.  In other words, the so-called new enrollments of legal immigrants are actually individuals who are currently insured with State or local funds. In terms of additional enrollment figures, the chairman notes correctly that we don't have a CBO table. He is correct that we don't know the actual enrollment numbers resulting from the Grassley-Hatch amendment.  I would reiterate what I said earlier. The amendment we are going to be voting on is the same bill that 55 Members of this body--and they are presently Members of this body--voted on and successfully passed by a wide margin in 2007. So I have to ask the question, before we vote on my amendment: If it was good enough then, why isn't it good enough now?  If the majority doesn't want to vote on this now, I will go on to offer my other amendment. Do I ask for the question, Madam President, on amendment No. 83?  