 Imports create competition and keep domestic industry more responsive to consumers. In the United States, we import everything consumers want. So I ask again, why not pharmaceuticals? That is why it is a trade issue for me as much as a health issue. Consumers in the United States pay far more for prescription drugs than those in other countries. If Americans could legally and safely access prescription drugs outside the United States, then drug companies would be forced to reevaluate their pricing strategies. They would no longer be able to gouge American consumers by making them pay more than their fair share for research and development.  It is true that pharmaceutical companies do not like the idea of opening up America to the global marketplace. They want to keep the United States closed to other markets in order to charge higher prices here.  Based on the reports I just read, it seems that the White House has already sided with the drug manufacturers and promised them the ability to continue to gouge American consumers, otherwise known as the status quo.  The debate is not over. With the Dorgan amendment, prescription drug companies will be forced to be competitive and establish fair prices in America. The drug companies will try to find loopholes in order to protect their bottom line.  The Dorgan amendment would make such action illegal. It would not allow manufacturers to discriminate against registered exporters or importers. It would prohibit drug companies from engaging in any actions to restrict, prohibit, or delay the importation of a qualifying drug.  The Dorgan amendment would give the Federal Trade Commission the authority to prevent this kind of abuse. It develops an effective and safe system that gives Americans access to lower prices. Our effort goes to great lengths to ensure the safety of imported drugs. The Dorgan amendment requires that all imported drugs be approved by the FDA. It puts in place a stringent set of safety requirements that must be met before Americans can import drugs from that country.  The amendment requires all exporting pharmacies and importing wholesalers to be registered with the FDA and inspected. It gives the authority for the FDA to inspect the entire distribution chain for imported drugs. It sets very stringent penalties for violations of the safety requirements in this bill, including criminal penalties and up to 10 years imprisonment.  We need to make sure Americans have even greater, more affordable access to innovative drugs by further opening the doors to competition in the global pharmaceutical industry.  If my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are serious about bending down the cost curve of health care inflation--and doing it in that direction, the right direction--then they will support the Dorgan amendment, a bipartisan amendment.  I yield the floor.  