S. economy. I like to say that small business is the engine that drives the U.S. economy. President Obama agrees that small businesses have generated 70 percent of net new jobs over the past decade. I was pleased to see that Senator Cornyn's small business amendment passed earlier tonight by an overwhelming vote of 82 to 16.  America's small businesses have been suffering during this recession. Big banks have been cranking down lending to small businesses.  In addition, job losses for small businesses have been staggering. A national employment report released today by Automatic Data Processing shows that 742,000 nonfarm private sector jobs were lost from February to March 2009. Of those 742,000 lost jobs, 614,000, or 83 percent, were from small businesses. Let me repeat that. From February to March, small businesses lost 614,000 jobs, or 83 percent of all nonfarm private sector job losses.  The President's recent efforts to increase lending to the small business sector are commendable. The centerpiece of his small business plan will allow the Federal Government to spend up to $15 billion to purchase the small-business loans that are now hindering community banks and lenders. However, the positives that will come to small businesses from these loans which will ultimately have to be paid back will be heavily outweighed by the negative impact of the President's proposed tax increases. Helping small businesses get loans just to take that money back in the form of tax hikes is not wise.  The President's Budget proposes to raise the top two marginal rates from 33 percent and 35 percent to 40 percent and 41 percent respectively, when PEP and Pease are fully reinstated. President Obama's marginal rate increase would mean an approximately 20 percent marginal tax rate increase on small business owners in the top two brackets.  Many of my friends on the other side will say that while they agree that successful small businesses are vital to the success of the U.S. economy, the marginal tax increases for the top two brackets will not have a significant negative impact on small businesses.  Proponents of these tax increases seek to minimize their impact by referring to Tax Policy Center data that indicate about 2 percent of small business filers pay taxes in the top two brackets. They argue that a minimal amount of small business activity is affected.  However, there are two faulty assumptions to this small business filer argument.  The first faulty assumption is that the percentage of small business filers is static. In fact, small businesses move in and out of gain and loss status depending on the nature of the business and business cycle. Also, the 2 percent figure from the Tax Policy Center iswell below the percentage actually reported by the Government. For example, a 2007 Treasury study states that, for flow-through businesses in 2006, 7 percent to 9 percent of small business owners paid the top two marginal rates.  The second faulty assumption is that the level of small business activity, including employment, is proportionate to the filer percentage.  According to NFIB survey data, 50 percent of owners of small businesses that employ 20 to 249 workers would fall in the top two brackets. According to the Small Business Administration, about two-thirds of the Nation's small business workers are employed by small businesses with 20 to 500 employees.  Do we really want to raise taxes on these small businesses that create jobs and employ two-thirds of all small business workers? With these small businesses already suffering from the credit crunch, do we really think it is wise to hit them with the double-whammy of a 20-percent increase in their marginal tax rates?  Newly released data from the Joint Committee on Taxation demonstrates that in 2006, the last year for which data is available, 65 percent of the flow-through business income was earned by those making over $250,000. That flow-through business income will be subject to this budget's tax increases. This is a conservative number because it doesn't include flow-through business owners making between $200,000 and $250,000 that will also be hit with the budget's proposed tax hikes.  If the proponents of the marginal rate increase on small business owners agree that a 20 percent tax increase for half of the small businesses that employee two-thirds of all small business workers is not wise, then they should either oppose these tax increases or present data that show a different result.  Madam President, today is April 1. It is known as April Fools Day. It is a day when folks play jokes on one another. But the state of our job-creating machinery, small business America, is no joke.  Sadly, Senators Kerry and Snowe found out in a Small Business Committee hearing a short time ago that small business is getting the short end of the stick from the big banks. I suspect the treatment is even worse when the big banks getting the bailout money is considered. I put that question to the TARP oversight team the other day in a Finance Committee TARP oversight hearing.  I told one of the witnesses, Professor Warren from Harvard, that we Senators need to stand behind the oversight committee, so that we can get answers from the Treasury.  In any event, it seems to me that we need to step back from the big pieces of recent economic policy and take a look at the big picture. We need to look at what we are doing. The three pieces I am referring to are the TARP program, the stimulus bill, and this budget. All of these efforts involve trillions of taxpayer dollars.  If our goal is doing the best we can to get jobs to every American who wants a job, then we need to recalibrate our actions. We ought to focus, as President Clinton once said, like a laser beam on job creation.  President Obama and all of us agree at least 70 percent of new jobs come from small business. Let's take a look at how each of these three major pieces of legislation affects small business. On TARP, it looks like we need to make sure that the TARP recipients are providing credit to small business. On stimulus, less than one-half of 1 percent of the $787 billion went to small business tax relief. Less than one-half of 1 percent.  Now, on the budget, 82 Senators, a big bipartisan margin, agreed with Senator Cornyn that we ought to not raise taxes on small business. Senator Snowe, likewise, will be pressing the case for small business in a separate amendment.  It may be April Fools Day, but this is no joke. We need to keep our eye on the job creation ball. Rather than hitting a foul ball with taxes on small business, we can hit a home run if we leave their taxes low. Future jobs depend on it.  