 President, today the Senate begins consideration of whether we should apply more or less budget discipline to record debts and deficits that my President, President Obama, inherited when he came into office January 20 of this year.  Last week, we heard a lot of revisionist fiscal history or it might best be described as heavy editing of recent budget history. Our President has alluded to it several times. I agree with the President there is a lot of revisionism in this debate. The revisionist history basically boils down to two conclusions: The first is that all the good fiscal history of the 1990s was derived somehow from a partisan tax increase bill that passed in 1993; and that, two, all the bad fiscal history of this decade to date is attributable to the bipartisan tax relief plans of 2001 and later.  Not surprisingly, nearly all the revisionists who speak generally oppose tax relief and support tax increases. The same crew generally supports spending increases and opposes spending cuts.  In the debate so far, many on this side of the aisle have pointed out some key and undeniable facts. It might surprise you, but we happen to agree with President Obama on one key fact. This President did inherit a big deficit and a lot of debt.  During the last quarter of 2008, the antirecessionary spending, together with lower tax receipts because of the recession, and the TARP activities has set a fiscal table of a deficit of $1.2 trillion. That was, in fact, on the President's desk when he took over the Oval Office on January 20 of this year. That is the highest deficit as a percentage of the economy in post-World War II history inherited by any of the Presidents since World War II.  Quite obviously, this is not a pretty fiscal picture. I have a chart that shows the history of that fiscal time, through the last administration and the big deficit at this point about which President Obama speaks.  As predicted a couple months ago, that fiscal picture got a lot uglier with the stimulus bill. For the folks who saw that bill as an opportunity to recover America, with Government taking a larger share of the economy over the long term, I say congratulations because you got what you wanted. For those Senators who voted for the stimulus bill, those Senators put us on a path to a bigger role in Government.  So let me make it clear. Those Senators who voted for the stimulus bill, you put us on a path to a bigger role in Government. Over a trillion dollars of new deficit spending was hidden in that bill. It caused some of the extra ink on this chart for the year we are in. This is what was inherited by January 20, but legislation passed since January 20 adds that much. Supporters of that bill, then, as far as I am concerned, need to own up to the fiscal course that has been charted by actions of this Congress and this President since January 20.  Now, to be sure, after the other side pushed through the stimulus bill and the second $350 billion of TARP money, the Congressional Budget Office reestimated the baseline. A portion of this new red ink upfront is due to that reestimate. The bottom line, however, is that the reestimate occurred several weeks after the President and a robust Democratic majority took over the Government. Decisions were made, and the fiscal consequences followed. Those fiscal consequences are in these red figures, above what would have been if Bush's budget had stayed in place during this period of time. That is where we would be.  Some on the other side raise this point about the March CBO reestimate. Of course, that is fine, but if they were to be consistent and intellectually honest, then they would have to acknowledge the CBO reestimate that occurred in 2001, after President Bush took office. The surplus went south because of what? Because of economic conditions. The $5.6 trillion number--so often quoted by those on the other side--was illusory. And I will say more about that in just a few minutes.  Here is where the revisionist history comes from. It is a strategy to divert, through a twisted blame game, from the facts before us. How is the history revisionist? Well, I would like to take each conclusion one by one.  The first conclusion is that all of the good fiscal history was derived from the 1993 tax increase. To knock down that falsehood, all you have to do istake a look at this chart. And this chart is not produced by data I accumulated but data from the Clinton administration. So here we have a history put forth with data from the Clinton administration about the tax increase of 1993 and whether it did a lot of good or not so much good.  Much of the ballyhooed partisan 1993 tax increase accounts for just 13 percent--just 13 percent--of the deficit reduction that took place during all of the 1990s--again, just 13 percent.  Now let's look at what are the biggest sources of deficit reduction, because obviously it is not the tax increase.  Thirty-five percent came from a reduction in defense expenditures. Of course, that fiscal benefit originated from President Reagan, who stared down the Communist regime in Russia. The same folks on that side who opposed President Reagan's buildup somehow want to take credit for the fiscal benefit of the peace dividend--that 35 percent.  The next biggest source of deficit reduction--32 percent--came from other revenue. Basically, this was the fiscal benefit from progrowth policies, such as the bipartisan capital gains tax cut of 1997 and, of course, the free-trade agreements President Clinton, with Republican votes, established. That is the 32 percent that reduced the deficit from that point of view.  The savings from the policies that I earlier mentioned translated, obviously, into interest savings, and that interest savings is this 15 percent right here.  Now, for all the chest thumping about the 1990s, the chest thumpers who pushed for big social spending didn't bring much to the deficit reduction table of 1990. That amounted to a mere 5 percent.  What is more, the fiscal revisionists in this body tend to forget who the players were. They are correct that there was a Democratic President in the White House, but they conveniently forget that the Republicans controlled the Congress for the period where the deficit came down and turned to surplus. They tend to forget that they fought the principle of balanced budgets, which was the centerpiece of the Republican fiscal policy that led, over a 4-year period of time in the late 1990s, to paying down $570 billion on the national debt.  Now, you may remember the Government shutdowns of late 1995. Remember what that was all about? It was about a plan to balance the budget. Republicans paid a pretty high political price for forcing that issue. But in 1997, President Clinton agreed. You may recall all through the 1990s what those yearend battles were all about. On one side were congressional Democrats and the Clinton administration pushing for more spending, and on this side of the aisle congressional Republicans were pushing for tax relief. Well, what happens when you have that extreme--more spending on the one end, less spending and tax decreases on the other? Both sides end up compromising. That is the real fiscal history of the 1990s.  So now let's turn to the other conclusion of the fiscal revisionists. That conclusion happens to be that in this decade, since the year 2000, all fiscal problems are attributable to the widespread tax relief enacted in 2001, 2003, 2004, and 2006. In 2001, President Bush came into office. He inherited an economy that was careening downhill. You know, NASDAQ lost 50 percent of its value in the year 2000, not in the year 2001. That bubble burst. You may remember that starting in February 2000, we started on a 46-month decline in manufacturing, so we had a manufacturing recession already set in place. Then, of course, came the economic shock of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. And, of course, you have to add in corporate scandals to that economic environment. You will remember Enron.  It is true--very true--that as fiscal year 2001 came to a close, the projected surplus turned into a deficit, and the chart shows that right here in 2001. In just the right time, though, the 2001 tax relief plan kicked in. As the tax relief hit its full force in 2003, the deficit grew smaller. This pattern continued from 2003 through 2007.  If my comments were meant to be a partisan shot, I could say that this favorable fiscal path from 2003 to 2007 was the only period--aside from the 6 months in 2001--where Republicans controlled the White House and the Congress. But, unlike fiscal history revisionists, I am not trying to make any partisan points. I am just trying to get to the fiscal facts.  I have another chart that compares the tax receipts for 4 years after the much-ballyhooed 1993 tax increase and the 4-year period after the 2003 tax cuts. Observe this chart. On a year-to-year basis, this chart compares the change in revenues as a percentage of GDP. In 1993, the Clinton tax increase brought in more revenue as compared to the 2003 tax cut. You can see here, compared to here. That trend does reverse, as you see here, as both policies moved along. You can see how the extra revenue went up over time relative to the flat line of the 1993 tax increase.  This is the 1993 tax increase bringing in revenue and then pretty much flat-lining out over a long period of time; whereas you can see the tax relief bill of 2001 went down and then very dramatically increased in revenue. This ought to disabuse people who think that every time you increase tax rates you bring in more revenue and when you decrease tax rates you bring in less revenue. This chart shows that you can decrease tax rates and bring in more revenue.  So let's get the fiscal history right. The progrowth tax and trade policies of the 1990s, along with the peace dividend, had a lot more to do with deficit reduction in the 1990s than the 1993 tax increase. In this decade, deficits went down after tax relief plans were put into full effect.  Now that is the past. We need to make sure we understand it. You have to understand the past because the past is going to be brought up the next 4 days of this week as we are on this budget resolution. And, by golly, people ought to be accurate when they state what the impact is of the 1993 tax increase versus all the blame that is given on this side of the aisle for actions taken in 2001 and beyond with those tax reductions.  What is most important is the future. People in our States send us here to deal with future policy. This budget debate should not be about Democrats flogging Republicans and vice versa. The people don't send us here to flog one another like partisan cartoon cutout characters, and do it over past policies. They do not send us here to endlessly point fingers of blame. Let's focus on the fiscal consequences of the budget that is before the Senate over the next 4 days.  President Obama rightly focused us on the future with his eloquence during his campaign. I would like to paraphrase a quote from the President's nomination acceptance speech:       We need a President who can face the threats of the future,      not grasping at the ideas of the past.  Well, President Obama was right. We need a President--and I would add Congressmen and Senators--who can face the threats of the future. This budget as currently written poses considerable threats to the fiscal future. It taxes too much, it spends too much, and it borrows too much. Grasping at ideas of the past, or playing the partisan blame game, will not deal with the threats to our fiscal future.  Let's face the honest fiscal facts. Let's not revise fiscal history as we start this critical debate about the fiscal choices ahead of us. The people who send us here have a right to expect nothing less of us.  As I noted in remarks just completed a shorttime ago, a portion of the new deficits to the Congressional Budget Office March re-estimate. CBO revised the deficit downward by $1.3 trillion over 10 years. The revision is attributable to much worse economic conditions. The bottomline, however, is that re-estimate occurred several weeks after the President and robust Democratic majorities took over the government. Decisions were made and the fiscal consequences followed.  Some on the other side raise this point about the March CBO re-estimate. That's fine, but, if they were to be consistent and intellectually honest, then they would have to acknowledge the CBO re-estimate that occurred in 2001 after President Bush took office. The surplus went South because of economic conditions and new spending needed to deal with the consequences of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The $5.6trillion number so often quoted by those on the other side was revised within a year of President George W. Bush's presidency.  In January 2002, CBO revised the $5.6 trillion number downward to $1.6 trillion. To listen to folks on the other side, you would think all of that $4 trillion downward adjustment was attributable to the bipartisan tax relief of 2001.  In fact, the tax relief accounted for 40 percent of the adjustment. Most of the balance, $2.6 trillion, was due to factors that had noting to do with the tax relief. I am talking about the reduced revenues, increased spending for the war on terror and homeland security and other factors.  So, if folks on the other side want to be intellectually honest about the budget and fiscal history, they need to be consistent on how the CBO re-estimates are treated. If you are going to give President Obama $1.3 trillion for the post-January 20, 2009 re-estimates, then you have to give President George W. Bush credit for twice as much, $2.6 trillion. That's what CBO said in January 2002. we can't have different standards for different people and be intellectually honest.  One other point that came up was the comparative corporate tax rates. As Senator Hatch pointed out, the U.S. statutory corporate rate is very high. The Chairman of the Budget Committee agreed but then stated that the U.S. effective corporate rate is relatively low. Business taxation occurs in corporate and non-corporate form, through S corporations, partnerships, and proprietorships. If you want to compare U.S. taxation with the rest of the developed world, it is best to look at comparative business tax rates on investment. If you do so, you will find the U.S. has a higher rate than the G-7 group of comparative economies. You will find this data in an analysis prepared by former Senior Treasury Economist Robert Carroll.  This analysis is contained in an August 2008, Tax Foundation paper entitled ``Fiscal Fact Comparing International Corporate Tax Rates: U.S. Corporate Tax Rate Increasingly Out of Line by Various Measures.''  