 President, yesterday I had an opportunity to address my colleagues on my concerns with the budget sent to us by President Obama, a bloated budget crawling with tax increases. Today, I would like to be more specific in that discussion.  Almost 3 weeks ago, President Obama sent his first budget up to Capitol Hill. The deficit and debt proposed in that budget are eye-popping. President Obama is correct when he says he inherited a record budget deficit of $1.2 trillion. Let me repeat that because this Senator and the Senator from Idaho are willing to be very transparent on what the numbers are. You do not argue with them.  I can say we agree with what President Obama said, that he inherited a record budget deficit of $1.2 trillion. This is a chart that shows the pattern of Federal deficits over the past few years. We go out to the year 2019 because the Congressional Budget Office always looks ahead in their projections. You can see what those deficits are--obviously, very high where we are right now because of the recession we are in and things of that nature.  But from the talk around here, especially the talk from the Congressional Democratic leadership, you would think they got majority power just this January, 2 months ago. You would think there was no role of the Democratic Party in creating deficits that President Obama inherited. Now we even have some in the administration who are joining this chorus. A very smart guy, a guy we all ought to respect for his understanding of economics, former Treasury Secretary Summers, now Director of the National Economic Council, said Sunday on a news show that a Republican President--and emphasis upon Republican Congress--had left President Obama with this inherited deficit.  Well, I am sure Senator McConnell would have liked to have been majority leader, but he would be glad to correct Dr. Summers and let him know he was not majority leader but was minority leader during the years of 2007 and 2008.  Likewise, Congressman Boehner, though he would like to be Speaker, was not Speaker. He would be glad to point out he was leader of the minority, the Republicans, within the minority in the House and not Speaker during 2007 and 2008.  So the correction comes from the fact that Congressional Democrats and the last Republican administration agreed on the fiscal policy in the last Congress. The Congress, namely the Democratic leadership, together with former President George W. Bush and that administration, wrote the stimulus bill, wrote the housing bills, and had a great deal to do with financial bailouts.  The congressional Democratic leadership wrote the budgets and the spending bills of 2007 and 2008. So we need to set the facts straight. President Obama did, as I said twice--I will say again--inherit the deficit and debt. But--and a very important ``but''--the inheritance had bipartisan origins, the Democratic Congress, on the one hand, and a Republican President on the other hand.  Now, what is more, the budget the President sent up would make this extraordinary level of debt an ordinary level of debt.  We have to think about the budget coming up because this is budget month. These issues are going to be driven home to the people. We have an extraordinary level of debt in this budget. It soon may look like an ordinary level of debt, and it will be. What is now an extraordinary burden on our children and grandchildren would become an ordinary burden.  I have a chart that shows this inherited debt. The inherited debt meaning what was inherited by this administration on the day they were sworn into office, January 20 of this year, is here. This black line is the percentage of gross national product. This is real dollars. So you see by 2019 how it grows and how it still is very big debt. But this inherited debt is not a pretty picture. But the picture gets uglier because in the last year of the budget, meaning the budget the President sent up here, debt held by the public would be two-thirds, 67 percent, of our gross national product. In other words, what was inherited has the national debt coming down to about 42 percent of gross national product, but what is happening from this point on with the budget we have, this black line will come up here at 67 percent. That is the legacy of this budget.  That number assumes also the return of a healthy economy, which we all hope happens. I suppose most Presidents would assume a healthy economy, but it is not a certainty. That means President Obama's budget assumes that a prosperous United States will carry the debt to more than two-thirds of the gross national product as we look out 10 years ahead, and the Congressional Budget Office does that on an automatic basis. That number, if the economy is healthy, will be 67 percent, right here, that black line. If the budget is not as healthy as what they project then, of course, that black line will be higher than 67 percent.  In terms of proposed tax policy, the President's budget does contain some common ground. If President Obama wants to pursue tax relief, he will find no better ally than we Republicans. If President Obama wants to embrace fiscal responsibility and reduce the deficit by cutting wasteful spending, Republicans on Capitol Hill will have his back. From our perspective, good fiscal policy keeps the tax burden low on American families, workers and small businesses and keeps wasteful spending in check. For the hard-working American taxpayers, there is some good news in this budget. President Obama's budget proposes to make permanent about 80 percent of the bipartisan tax relief plans set to expire in less than 2 years. For 8 long years, Republicans have tried to make this bipartisan tax relief permanent. Now the Democratic leadership seems to have seen some of that light. They now agree with us Republicans that families should be able to count on marriage penalty relief, on a double child tax credit. Democratic leaders now seem to agree with decisions that were in the bipartisan tax bill of 2003, agree with us Republicans that low-income seniors who rely on capital gains and dividend income will be able to rely on low rates of taxation as they draw on their savings.  Democratic leaders now agree with Republicans that middle-income families will be able to count on relief from the alternative minimum tax. They were never supposed to be taxed in the first place, but it is not indexed. So they would agree that we protect middle-class taxpayers from the AMT which was not indexed. President Obama will find many Republican allies in his efforts to make these tax relief policies permanent.  I wish the budget I am referring to, the budget that came to the Hill a couple weeks ago, was as taxpayer friendly, but it is not. There is a lot of bad news for American taxpayers. If you put gas in a car, heat or cool your home, use electricity to cook a meal, turn on the lights, power a computer, there is a new energy tax for you in the budget from the President. This tax would exceed a trillion dollars. I better say ``could'' exceed because the figure in the budget is less than that, but most everybody around here thinks it is going to be over a trillion dollars.  This budget also raises taxes on those making more than $250,000. That sounds like a lot of money to most Americans. If we were only talking about the idle rich, maybe the news wouldn't be so bad. But we are not talking about coupon clippers on Park Avenue. We are not talking about the high-paid, corporate jet-flying, well-paid hedge fund managers in Chicago, San Francisco or other high-income, liberal meccas. Many of the Americans targeted for this hefty tax hike are successful small business owners. Unlike the financial engineers of the flush, liberal meccas of New York, Chicago, and San Francisco, a lot of these small businesses add value beyond just shuffling paper. There is bipartisan agreement that small business and all these businesses are the main driversof our dynamic economy. Small businesses create 74 percent of all new private sector jobs, according to latest statistics. On Monday, my President, President Obama, used a similar figure of 70 percent. Whether it is 70 or 74 percent, it means the vast majority of small businesses create most of the new jobs in America. They are the employment machine. Both sides agree we ought to not hurt key job producers that small businesses are.  President Obama also mentioned his zero capital gains proposal for small business startups. It might surprise you, but we Republicans agree with President Obama on that issue. We are still trying to figure out why Democratic leadership doesn't agree with the President on that small business-friendly proposal, because we tried to get a better proposal in the stimulus bill. If we also agree that small business is the key to creating new jobs, why does the Democratic leadership and the President's budget propose a new tax increase directed at these small businesses of America that are most likely to create new jobs? Wait a minute, please. Many on the left side of the political spectrum say only 2 or 3 percent of the small businesses are affected by this tax increase. That figure was developed by a think tank, and it is based on a microsimulation model. Treasury studies show the figure to be considerably higher. But to focus solely on the filer percentage is to miss the forest for the trees. It is to assume that all small businesses have the same level of activity, that they employ the same workers, that they buy the same number of machines, that they make the same number of sales. Common sense has to prevail, and common sense will tell you that can't be the case.  In fact, it is not the case. The data on small business activity tells a different story. I come to that conclusion this way. According to a recent Gallup survey, over half the small business owners employing over 20 workers would pay higher taxes under the President's budget. This chart depicts the number of small businesses hit by this tax increase. We point to different levels of employment of small business being affected by this. We get to a point out here where we have 950,000 businesses, one-sixth of small businesses, with 1 to 499 employees are hit by it. Do we want to destroy that employment machine? I don't think so. But this tax proposal will do that.  I have another chart that shows that roughly half the firms that employ two-thirds of small business workers, those with 20 or more workers, are hit by the tax rate hikes in the President's budget. I will not go through all of them, but we can see here, 50 percent of the employers with employees of somewhere between 20 and 499 are hit by that big, fat tax increase.  According to Treasury Department data, not mine, these small businesses account for nearly 70 percent of small business income. So there is a big tax hit on small businesses that employ 20 or more workers. It is a marginal tax rate increase of 20 percent. Everybody, Democrat or Republican, ought to think about how these dynamic small businesses, responsible for two-thirds of small businesses, will react. That 20 percent in new taxes has to come from somewhere.  We Republicans will also scrutinize the budget for other major new taxes. We have discussed the new cutbacks on itemized deductions. I am referring to home mortgage interest, charities and State and local taxes. We Republicans will question a broad-based energy tax that actually cuts jobs and could, according to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, cost consumers and businesses trillions.  In these troubled economic times, we ought to err on the side of keeping taxes and spending low and reduce the deficit. Keeping taxes and spending low, along with reversing the growth in Federal debt, will push the economy back to growth. It is the only way we will provide more opportunities for all Americans.  Getting our private sector going, making small business strong is the basis for getting out of this recession and continuing to grow. I hope throughout this process of the budget debate, we will remember a firm fact that ought to be common sense, but I am not sure in this town it is seen as common sense: Government does not create wealth. Government consumes wealth.  I hope my colleagues will listen to my friend from Idaho as he gives his version of the budget. He is an outstanding member of our Finance Committee, and I appreciate his work.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Hagan). The senior Senator from Idaho is recognized.  