 It will be amendment No. 71, though.  Congress has known for some time that the Children's Health Insurance Program faces expiration March 31 of this year. We all knew Congress would have to act quickly once the new session got underway. The majority had three different options they could have taken in moving forward. First, they could have simply picked up one of the two vetoed bills and quickly passed it. It would have received bipartisan support. I would have preferred the second bill over the first, but I could have probably found a way to support the first bill. Either of those bills would have moved quickly and would have had significant bipartisan support.  The second option the majority could have taken was to do a short-term extension of the Children's Health Insurance Program while we worked on broader health care reform. That is what this amendment does. It is a six-quarter extension of SCHIP through the end of the next fiscal year.  Now, I do understand there is a point of order against this amendment. This amendment actually should have been done on the stimulus bill, where everything and the kitchen sink appears to be going, but that is a debate for next week. It would have been a drop in the bucket on that bill.  If the underlying bill is enacted, it will provide coverage to many people who were previously uninsured--approximately 4 million children--by the year 2013. While I don't want to denigrate the accomplishments of this bill, everyone in this Chamber knows we need to roll up our sleeves and get to work on covering the other 42 million uninsured Americans who will not benefit from this bill--millions of whom are children this bill does not provide coverage for.  I wish to focus on that task. I want us to work in a bipartisan manner to get coverage for all Americans, and everything in that process so far has been bipartisan, but it is something we are going to have to deal with on SCHIP again. So I am willing and ready to do the hard work it is going to take. We could have set aside SCHIP while we focused on that most important task of full-fledged health care reform. Instead, the majority has chosen a third option: to bring up a bill that walks away from the bipartisanship of 2007 and threatens relationships moving forward with broad health care reform. I want to emphasize ``threatens'' because so far everything has been bipartisan in meetings and discussions and everything.  I have made no secret of my disappointment in the changes made in the underlying bill. It is very important that people watching the debate understand how totally unnecessary apartisan fight is. The majority had bipartisan bills they could have brought up for consideration. I had an amendment earlier that would have replaced the underlying bill with the second of those earlier bills. The majority could have done a simple extension of SCHIP while we worked together on covering 46 million uninsured, not just the 4 million covered by this legislation. That is what this amendment does. It is the last chance for cooler heads to prevail.  It was reported recently that the Speaker of the House said, ``We won the election. We write the bills.'' Seeing the majority take that approach on the Children's Health Insurance Program, an issue that always had broad bipartisan support, does not give me comfort moving forward on health care reform.  I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment, No. 71. I do not know how much debate there will be on it, but I have nothing more to say on that amendment.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Whitehouse). Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report.  The legislative clerk read as follows:       The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grassley] proposes an amendment      numbered 71.  