 Of course, I refer to Trigger, the horse belonging to the cowboy actor Roy Rogers. As I mentioned in the past, Trigger is no longer with us. Today he is stuffed and on display at the Roy Rogers-Dale Evans Museum in Branson, MO. Even so, Trigger, in his current stuffed state, is still much more imposing than the House Democrats' trigger device.  While past Democratic trigger proposals were bad, the current House Democrats' trigger proposal is even worse because it is under the control of a partisan OMB Director and is based upon an OMB Director's estimate--I repeat, an estimate--of health care savings for the years 2013 to 2019.  I do not think anyone really expects this trigger to be pulled. Even the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation, in its $544 billion revenue estimate of the House Democrats' small business surtax proposal, assumes that the estimated savings targets will not be reached and the rates will go up, for sure, in 2013.  Clearly, on the question of how to pay for health care reform, Republicans and Democrats appear to be drifting in different directions. Republicans want to pay for health care reform through changes in the health care system--mostly on the spending side but also on the revenue side--to make health care more accessible and more affordable. In contrast, House Democrats' most recent proposal to pay for health care reform--the small business surtax--goes far outside the universe of health care.  By abandoning the universe of health care in their financing scheme, House Democrats are clearly indicating that the goal of their health care reform proposal is increased coverage at any cost. Even the New York Times--now, believe this: Even the New York Times, hardly a strident critic of the Democrats in Congress or the White House, cautions against this coverage-at-any-cost approach:       If the government simply extends subsidized insurance to      millions of uninsured people but fails to force fundamental      changes in the delivery or financing of health care, then      federal health care costs will keep escalating at excessive      rates. That will drive up deficits in subsequent decades      unless new taxes are imposed or new savings found.  That is the end of the quote from the New York Times.  We need to reform our health care system, but we need to do it right. That is why I am working with Senator Baucus, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, along with Senators Snowe, Enzi, Conrad, and Bingaman, to reach a bipartisan solution. My Finance Committee colleagues and our staffs have been working hours and hours each day and night, and weekends, to navigate through the numerous complex issues of health care reform. Has it been easy? Obviously not. However, I am very hopeful we can reach a bipartisan agreement that makes health care in America more accessible and more affordable, while at the same time protecting taxpayers and preventing the Federal Government from taking over health care.  President Obama, in his prime time press conference last week, expressed his agreement with these principles. While stating generally that the reform he is proposing will keep government out of health care decisions, President Obama specifically made the following promises:       I'm not going to sign a bill that, for example, adds to our      deficit. I won't sign a bill that doesn't reduce health care      inflation so that families as well as government are saving      money. I'm not going to sign a bill that I don't think will      work.  I will take the President at his words on these promises, but I am going to hold him to them. The President is sending a clear signal that he could not sign the Pelosi bill, the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions bill, or similar pieces of legislation. Why? Because each of those would drastically expand the Federal Government's control of the health care system, increase the deficit, and fail to reduce long-term health care inflation.  Here is the bottom line. When the long-term budget outlook warns that rising health care costs will cause Federal spending to grow so fast as to put the Federal budget on an unsustainable path, Congress needs to take action. But, at the same time, when our goal is to reform 17 percent of the economy, while facing a nearly $2 trillion annualdeficit, more than $9 trillion in new debt over the next decade, and a projected debt-to-GDP ratio of over 300 percent by 2050, we have to make sure we are doing this job right. That is what we are trying to do in the Senate Finance Committee. When we get finished, however long it takes, I hope we can send a deficit-neutral health care reform bill to President Obama that increases access, cuts costs, and puts us on a fiscally sustainable path for years to come.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  