 Some are health care-related, most are not.  First, this amendment amends section 162(m) of the Tax Code--a tax law intended to curb excessive executive compensation.  Unfortunately, section 162(m) has been a disaster. It has encouraged companies to cook up complex design packages so as to avoid the limitations under the law.  Actually, excessive executive compensation exploded as a direct result of section 162(m)--which was enacted back in 1993.  I have consistently made it clear that the outrageous pay practices of many companies must stop. True pay-for-performance must be the cornerstone of any compensation package. And the boards of directors, compensation committees, and shareholders must all be partners in practicing good corporate governance. We should look to reform section 162(m) of the Tax Code, not add to it. And we should look at whether Congress needs to reform the way corporate governance is practiced.  This amendment adds to section 162(m). It does not reform it. This amendment does nothing to empower shareholders to hold the corporation's board accountable. All it does is hurt shareholders by taking money out of the company and giving it to the government.  That is right. By limiting a corporation's deduction, shareholders are the ones who are disadvantaged, not the corporation.  My friends on the other side of the aisle forget that seniors are often shareholders who rely on dividends and capital gains for income to live on day in and day out. So actually, my Democratic friends are enacting policies that will hurt seniors. All in an effort to show the country that they have it in for the big, bad insurance companies.  I also find it interesting to hear my friends say that it is unfair for insurance companies to get a taxpayer funded ``subsidy'' in the form of a tax deduction.  First, all corporations are allowed to deduct compensation as a business expense. Big, small, private, and public corporations get this same tax deduction.  Are these companies getting a tax subsidy? If so, why not take the subsidy away from them?  Now, my friends on the other side may argue that these restrictions are just like those Congress passed in T-A-R-P. And the way the legislation works, they would be correct.  But, the executive compensation restrictions in T-A-R-P were conditions for receiving taxpayer dollars. My constituents in Iowa would call them bailouts.  Now my friends may argue that health insurance companies are benefiting from their reforms and they should pay their ``fair share.'' They may also say that they are receiving the government-subsidized tax credits for health insurance, which is taxpayer dollars.  The main reason why the government is subsidizing health insurance for low-income individuals is because the Reid bill forces people to buy health insurance.  If you force people to buy insurance, you have to make sure it is affordable for them to buy. This has forced the government to spend close to $400 billion on these tax credits, which is one of most expensive parts of the Reid bill. And the cost of these tax credits are paid with higher taxes, fees, and penalties on the majority of Americans. Paid by many of those who earn less than $250,000 a year.  Data from the Joint Committee on Taxation tells us that 38 percent of tax returns making under $200,000 in 2019 will see a tax increase under the Reid bill. Yet only 8 percent of tax returns in 2019 will be benefiting from the tax credit. That doesn't seem balanced.  Finally, this amendment directs the revenue generated from it to the Medicare trust fund. I commend my Democratic friends for crafting policies that would help shore up Medicare. What is interesting is that this bill cuts Medicare. To the tune of $400 billion--that is billion with a B.  And the money raised from cutting Medicare is not being directed to help shore up Medicare. Rather, the money is being spent on expanding and creating new entitlement programs. The Joint Committee on Taxation scored this amendment as raising $651 million over 10 years--that is million with an M.  So what we have here is $400 billion in cuts in Medicare that is being used for other spending, in exchange for $600 million which would be directed Medicare trust fund. Doesn't seem like a fair trade.  Do my friends on the other side feel guilty for using Medicare money for non-Medicare purposes? And to make up for this guilt, they decided to direct non-Medicare-related money to the Medicare trust fund?  I will close by saying that my Democratic friends will take to the floor and say that anyone who votes against this amendment is ``in the pockets of the insurance companies.'' I will first tell my friends that they should look in the mirror. Then I will say opposing irrational policies that add complexity to our tax laws is not protecting insurance companies.  Let's get on to reforming our health care system, instead of voting on amendments so my Democratic friends can (1) look like they are taking it to the insurance companies, and so they can look like (2) they are helping Medicare solvency.  