 President, it is disappointing for those of us on this side of the aisle to not be permitted to offer an amendment or motion that is as important as this, so I will go ahead with my remarks.  This is another major problem in the Reid bill. Of the many taxes in this bill, I am especially worried about the excise tax on medical devices. Medical device technology is responsible for saving many lives and extending the overall life expectancy of people in the United States.  In the United States, over 6,000 companies are in the business of developing lifesaving medical products. The majority of these companies are very small businesses. Small business we tend to measure around here as being those with less than 500 employees. So what will happen when the Reid amendment imposes a tax hike of $20 billion on these innovative medical devices? I think that is something we ought to consider if we are considering the quality of life in America and quality health care to preserve that life and extend life expectancy.  During the markup of the Finance Committee bill, I asked the question to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation--and let me emphasize the word ``nonpartisan'' because these folks are professionals. So both of these organizations, the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation, said these excise taxes will be passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices and higher insurance premiums.  Also, I wish to emphasize on this chart a statement of the Chief Actuary of the HHS. The Congressional Budget Office, the Joint Committee on Taxation, and the Chief Actuary all say the tax gets passed on to consumers. Who are the consumers of these devices? Who is going to bear the cost of the new medical device excise tax? Well, it is quite a burden, so I am going to share some real-life stories here.  I will start by telling the story of the Tillman family, a family who would bear the burden of this new medical device tax. At only 5 months old, Tiana Tillman had her life saved by a medical device. This story has received a lot of attention because Tiana's father is a professional football player for the Chicago Bears. However, lifesaving stories such as this happen all across the country regularly.  When Charles Tillman reported to training camp in 2008, it wasn't long before his coach told him that his 5-month-old daughter Tiana had been rushed to the hospital. When Charles got to the hospital, Tiana's heart rate was over 200 beats per minute. That doctor told Charles and his wife Jackie that Tiana may not make it through the night. Tiana survived that night, and after a series of tests, she was diagnosed with cardio myopathy, an enlarged heart that is unable to function properly. Her condition was critical, and without a heart transplant she would not survive. But finding pediatric donors is very difficult and many children do not survive the long wait time, so Tiana was immediately put on an ECMO, a device that would help the function of the heart while Tiana waited for a transplant.  However, ECMO is an old device that has many shortcomings. Infants can only survive on ECMO for about 3 weeks, much shorter than the average wait for a donor heart. ECMO also requires that the patient take a paralytic medication which prevents a patient from moving and at the same time that obviously weakens the body.  The Tillmans waited for one of two outcomes: Either Tiana would receive a transplant or she would die waiting on ECMO.  But then the doctors told them about a new pediatric medical device called the Berlin heart. The Berlin heart is an external device that performs the function of the heart and lungs. It is designed for a long-term support to keep infants and young children alive for up to 421 days while they wait for the donor heart--obviously a lot longer than the 3 weeks on ECMO. So the Tillmans decided to move forward with the Berlin heart.  After 13 days of being on ECMO without any movement, Tiana underwent surgery to connect the Berlin heart. So we have pictures here that show what this is like. These two photos are of Tiana with the Berlin heart. You can see that this device is run by a laptop at the foot of the hospital bed. It pumps the blood through her body, a job that her heart could not perform on its own.  Unlike ECMO, the Berlin heart and its long-term support capabilities allowed the Tillmans some peace of mind while they waited for that donor. The doctor said that the Berlin hearthelped Tiana regain her strength because she was off the paralytic medication and was finally able to move. Not long after Tiana was connected to the Berlin heart, a donor was found and Tiana underwent an 8-hour transplant surgery. The risky surgery was a success. Usually it takes some time for the new heart to start working, but doctors said that due to Tiana's strength, her new heart started working immediately.  I wish to talk about the tax on devices such as this.  This picture shows Tiana today holding a football. That is Tiana today, and we shouldn't be surprised about her love for football, considering her father is a professional football player. She enjoys playing on her swing set and watching her dad play football.  There are many people responsible for the successful effort to save Tiana's life, but without the Berlin heart to keep her alive and help her to gain strength, they may not have had that opportunity.  What does this legislation have to do with this story about Tiana? Well, the Reid bill would increase costs for families such as the Tillmans. In fact, the Reid bill would tax every pediatric medical device.  Pediatric devices aren't the only devices affected by the tax on medical devices in the Reid bill. The Reid bill also taxes one of the most important modern technologies: automatic external defibrillators. The defibrillator is used to save people from sudden cardiac arrest, and that is the leading cause of death in this country. Each year, nearly 325,000 people die from sudden cardiac arrest. That is nearly 1,000 deaths a day. Sudden cardiac arrest occurs when the heart's electrical system malfunctions and the heart stops beating abruptly and without warning. When this happens, the heart is no longer able to pump blood to the rest of the body, and for about 95 percent of the victims, death occurs. Once cardiac arrest occurs, the clock starts ticking and the victim's proximity to a defibrillator could mean the difference between living and dying. As many as 30 to 50 percent of the victims could survive if such a device is used within 5 minutes of sudden cardiac arrest.  Here we have the story then of Mari Ann Wearda. Mari Ann is a constituent of the county I have lived my entire 76 years in, Butler County, IA. She is also a survivor of a sudden cardiac arrest, thanks to the prompt response of the Hampton Police Department and the availability of a defibrillator.  On July 26, 2002, Mari Ann pulled up to a stoplight in Hampton, IA. Without any warning, Mari Ann experienced sudden cardiac arrest. As she slumped over the steering wheel, her car drifted across the road, climbed the curb, knocked over a sign, and came to rest against a tree. She was only minutes away from brain damage and death. At 11:38 a.m. the police station dispatched Officer Chad Elness, who arrived at the scene 2 minutes later, at 11:40. When Officer Elness arrived, Mari Ann was as blue as his uniform, according to his own report.  Officer Elness attached the defibrillator to Mari Ann and pushed the button, sending 200 joules of electricity through her heart. That was one of the two shocks that Mari Ann required. Between the shocks, the defibrillator prompted officer Elness to perform CPR. Twice he almost lost Mari Ann. But by 11:50 a.m., Mari Ann had a pulse and her color was improving. At 11:52, just 11 minutes after the defibrillator was turned on, it had saved her life and was turned off.  Mari Ann then was taken by helicopter to Mercy Hospital, Mason City, IA, where she received care. One week later--just one week later--she was back home with no permanent damage.  Defibrillators are only effective if they are used within minutes of cardiac arrest, which means that in order to save more lives, there needs to be more of these devices. But do you know what this bill would do about all that? It would increase the cost, meaning there would then be fewer defibrillators.  We understand the laws of economics. If we increase a price, we get less of it. If we lower a price, we get more of it. So we are going to increase the price of these devices. That would make it more difficult for police departments, schools, libraries, churches, and other public places to purchase defibrillators, or for an individual to have one. If you have to be within 5 minutes of their use, you can understand why they have to be in every police department, school, library, church, and a lot of other places. Right now, only one-third of police departments are equipped with defibrillators. However, Mari Ann was lucky that the Hampton Police Department had already purchased the device.  Increasing the cost of defibrillators will make it more difficult for communities to make this lifesaving investment. We already have 62--62--defibrillator stations throughout the Capitol and the three Senate office buildings. So you and I are protected, but we are going to put a tax on them for the people in the rest of the country. It seems as though around here we have one set of morals and ethics for Capitol Hill and another set of morals and ethics for the rest of the country. Congress clearly understands why having so many of these devices, the importance of them and having them on hand to protect us and to protect our staffs and the million visitors who come to the Capitol.  I made a motion that was objected to, so I cannot go through with that motion. My motion would have stopped this new Federal tax from increasing the cost of defibrillators and hurting the chances of placing the devices where they need to be--hopefully, within 5 minutes of people who need them. It is a disappointment my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would not allow that motion to go through.  It is a sad state of affairs when the majority is not only blocking the offering of the motions and amendments that will improve the bill but also trying to ram through a bill before the American people even know what is in it.  Yesterday, we heard things about Republicans having not offered amendments. There are 214 Republican amendments at the desk. One would think we would have a chance to offer more than a dozen or so--I doubt it is even a dozen at this point--on a bill that is going to restructure one-sixth of the economy.  I yield the floor.  