 President, if I may have the floor, I wish to make some remarks about the stimulus bill generally and about an upcoming vote we have in the Senate that we call waiving the Budget Act.  Today, the Senate will consider whether we should apply budget discipline to this bill before us. Yesterday, there was a lot of revision, or perhaps editing, of recent budget history, and I come to the floor to speak about it in an intellectually honest way. Even our President alluded to it. I agree with the President that there is a lot of revisionism in the debate. The revisionist history basically boils down to two conclusions:  One, that all of the ``good'' fiscal history of the 1990s was derived from a partisan tax increase of 1993; and, two, that all of the ``bad'' fiscal history of this decade we are in now is attributable to the bipartisan tax relief plans of 2001 and 2003, and maybe some lesser tax bills.  Not surprisingly, nearly all of the revisionists who spoke generally oppose tax relief, and somehow always seem to support tax increases. The same crew generally supports spending increases and, not oddly, opposes spending cuts.  In the debate so far on this bill, called the stimulus package, many on this side have pointed out some key undeniable facts. The bill before us, with interest included, increases the deficit by over $1 trillion. The bill before us is a heavy stew of spending increases and refundable tax credits, seasoned with small pieces of tax relief.The bill before us has new temporary spending that, if made permanent, will burden future budget deficits by over $1 trillion.  That antirecessionary spending, together with lower tax receipts, plus the TARP activities, has set a fiscal table of a deficit of $1.2 trillion. That is the highest deficit, as a percentage of the economy, in post-World War II history.  It is not a pretty fiscal picture, and it is going to get a lot uglier as a result of this bill. So for the folks who see this bill as an opportunity to recover America, with Government taking a larger share of the economy over the long term, I say congratulations. That is where the revisionist history comes from. It is a strategy to divert, through a twisted blame game, from the facts before us.  How is history revisionist? I want to take each conclusion, one by one.  The first conclusion is that all of the good fiscal history was derived from that 1993 tax increase. To knock down this canard, all you have to do is look at this chart I put up.  This chart was not produced by a bunch of Republicans. This chart was produced by the Clinton administration. We can see down in the right corner, the ``Office of Management and Budget.''  The much ballyhooed 1993 partisan tax increase accounts for 13 percent of deficit reduction in the 1990s. We can see in green the 1993 tax increase that has been ballyhooed about the floor of this body several times did not have as much to do with deficit reduction as we are led to believe.  What is more, fiscal revisionist historians in this body tend to forget who the players were. They are correct that there was a Democratic President in the White House, but they conveniently forget that Republicans controlled the Congress for the period where the deficit came down and actually turned into a surplus. They tend to forget that they fought the principle of a balanced budget that was the centerpiece of my party's fiscal policy.  Remember the Government shutdown of 1995? I want the people on the other side of the aisle to remember that, remember what it was all about. It was about a plan to balance the budget. Republicans paid a political price for forcing the issue. But in 1997, President Clinton agreed.  Recall as well all through the 1990s what the yearend battles were about. On one side, congressional Democrats and the Clinton administration pushed for more spending. On the other side, congressional Republicans were pushing for tax relief. In the end, both sides compromised. That is what our Government and Constitution forces, and a lot of that is done because in the Senate we have rules that do not allow one party to push something through.  That is the real fiscal history of the 1990s.  Now let's turn to the other conclusion of the revisionist fiscal historians. That conclusion is that in this decade, since the year 2000, all fiscal problems are attributable to the widespread tax relief enacted in 2001, 2003, 2004, and 2006.  In 2001, President Bush came into office. Just last night, we heard on television about all of the problems today are the result of the last 8 years. Let's take a look at that.  President Bush inherited an economy that was careening downhill. Investments started to go flat in 2000. Do you know NASDAQ lost 50 percent of its value in the year 2000, not in the year 2001 and beyond? Then came the economic shocks of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. I might add, we had 40 or more months of downturn in the manufacturing index that started in February 2000, also before President Bush became President. And then we add in the corporate scandals to that economic environment. We had the 9/11 terrorist attacks.  It is true, as the fiscal year 2001 came to a close, the projected surplus turned into a deficit. I have a chart that shows the start of this decade's fiscal history right here. As we can see, in just the right time, the 2001 tax relief plan started to kick in. The deficit grew smaller. This pattern continued through 2007.  I have another chart that compares the tax receipts for the 4 years after the much ballyhooed 1993 tax increase and the 4-year period after the 2003 tax cuts. If we go to the tax increase, the blue line, we can see there was some uptick, but it stayed flat. Look at tax relief coming, the red line, what that has done for income into the Federal Treasury.  On a year-after-year basis, this chart compares the change in revenues as a percentage of GDP. In 1993, the Clinton tax increase brought in more revenue as compared to the 2003 tax cut. But that trend reversed as both policies moved along. We can see how the extra revenue went up over time relative to the flat line of the 1993 tax increase.  So let's get the fiscal history right. The progrowth tax-and-trade policies of the 1990s, along with a peace dividend, had a lot more to do with the deficit reduction in the 1990s than the 1993 tax increase did. In this decade, deficits went down after tax relief plans were put into full effect.  That is the past. We need to make sure we understand it. But what is most important is the future. All I can say is that my President, President Obama, talked about the future all during the campaign. Why Members of his party have been talking about the last 8 years and not about the future, I don't know. We need to talk about the future. People in our States send us here to deal with the future. They do not send us here to flog one another like partisan cartoon cutout characters and to do it over past policy. They do not send us here to endlessly point fingers of blame around.  Now let's focus on the fiscal consequences of the bill in front of us. That is what the vote in less than an hour is all about.  President Obama rightly focused us on the future with his eloquence during that campaign, as I have already referred to. But I would like to be more specific and paraphrase a quote from the President's nomination acceptance speech: We need a President who can face the threats of the future, not grasping at the ideas of the past.  My President was right. We need a President--and I would like to add Congressmen and Senators--who spends all the time facing the threats of the future. This bill, as currently written, poses considerable threats to our fiscal future. Senator McCain's spending trigger amendment showed us the way. We can rewrite this bill to retain its stimulative effect but turn off the spending when the recovery occurs.  Grasping at ideas of the past or playing the partisan blame game will not deal with the threats to our fiscal future. With a vote to sustain the budget point of order against this bill, I say to my fellow Senators, we can start to deal with threats to the fiscal future in the way Senator McCain would or the way other people might bring good ideas forth.  According to the Senate Finance Republican tax staff analysis of the Joint Committee on Taxation's revenue estimate of the Nelson-Collins substitute amendment, less than $6 billion is provided in that amendment in tax relief for small businesses. Let me be clear, small business tax relief makes up less than 1 percent of the bill. I think that is truly outrageous. Small businesses create approximately three-fourths of the new jobs in our economy. So if this bill is all about jobs, certainly more tax relief would have been provided to small businesses because they are the job-creating engines of our economy.  Less than 1 percent of the bill going to small business tax relief is a puny amount. For example, according to Senator Nelson's Web site summary of this bill, here are just some of the provisions that the Senate Democratic leadership has spent more money on than small business tax relief.  The Senate Democratic leadership is putting your money where their mouth isn't and saying that these items are a higher priority to them than small business tax relief is. Some of these items are: $7 billion for Federal buildings fund, $6.4 billion for State and Tribal assistance EPA grants, and $13.9 billion for Pell grants. While some of the provisions in the bill are worthy of being done in regular order, certainly none should get higher funding than small business tax relief because this is supposedly a stimulus bill that is about creating jobs.  Mr. President, in remarks a few minutes ago, the senior Senator from New York referred to my amendment on the current year's alternative minimum tax, AMT, hold-harmless or patch. He was correct that I pushed for the patch very early in the stimulus discussions.I mentioned it at before and after our bipartisan Finance Committee Members' meeting. I filed it at the Finance Committee markup. To be fair, so did Senator Menendez. The committee adopted the AMT patch amendment.  If I heard the Senator from New York correctly, he agreed with me on the merits of adding the AMT pacth. His point seemed to be to say I, and others who oppose the bill in its present form, we are taking an inconsistent bill.  Let me repeat what we, on this side, have been saying about the need for this bill. We agree there needs to be a stimulus. But we need to do it right. Including the AMT pacth improves what is an otherwise poorly designed bill.  The patch does not remedy the outyear spending problem. It does not eliminate the rest of new broad entitlement spending.  I am hopeful that, in conference, the senior Senator from New York, and other members of the Democratic leadership, will fight for the Senate position on the AMT patch. There are 124,000 Iowa families who could face an average tax increase of $2,300 per family if the AMT patch is not enacted. I am looking out for them. I hope the Democratic leadership is looking out for them too.  I urge my colleagues to vote for budget discipline, sustaining the point of order.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  