 President, I have said, for the last 2 days, I was going to speak on the Dorgan amendment, a bipartisan amendment to allow the importation of drugs into the United States. I haven't done it until now, so I am glad to rise in support of this bipartisan amendment to add provisions of the Pharmaceutical Market Access and Drug Safety Act to this bill. That legislation is the result of a collaborative effort by Senators Dorgan, Snowe, McCain, and this Senator to finally make drug importation legal.  I have, for a long time, been a proponent of drug reimportation. In 2000, 2002, and 2003, I supported an amendment permitting the importation of prescription drugs into the United States from one country, Canada. This amendment is much broader than only Canada.  In 2004, the late Senator Kennedy and I worked together on a bill that would authorize drug importation, but it did not survive the partisan politics of this Chamber. I then introduced my own comprehensive drug importation bill in 2004. That was S. 2307, the Reliable Entry for Medicines at Everyday Discounts Through the Importation with Effective Safeguards Act. The REMEDIES Act is what the acronym finally spells out. In 2005, I combined my bill with a proposal sponsored by Senators Dorgan and Snowe. In 2007, we reintroduced a version of that legislation with the hope that our combined efforts would finally lower the cost of prescription drugs for all Americans. That is what we are still working together to do this very day. I thank Senator Dorgan for his leadership.  This time around, I should be confident that this effort will finally pass. Historically, Democrats claim to be champions of holding the big pharmaceutical companies accountable. Now we have a Democratic supermajority in the Congress and a Democratic President who has supported drug importation in the past. I am not as confident as maybe I should be. That is because the White House has participated in some back-room negotiations since the last time this legislation was brought before the Senate and then Senator Obama supported it. Behind closed doors, the Democratic White House found new friends in the pharmaceutical industry. Last summer, the head of the pharmaceutical lobbying group bragged that drug manufacturers had negotiated a ``rock-solid deal''--those are their words--with the present administration.  An article in the New York Times detailed the administration's deal with big drug companies. This quote comes from the New York Times:       Foreseeing new profits from the expansion of health      coverage, big drug companies are spending as much as $150      million on advertisements to support the President's plan.  But in 2008, when President Obama was campaigning for the position he now holds, he promised that:       We'll take on drug and insurance companies, hold them      responsible for the prices they charge and the harm they      cause.  Certainly, the President knows that a great way to hold drug companies accountable is to allow drug importation. In fact, in 2004, when he was a candidate to be a Member of this Chamber, he challenged his opponents to support drug importation. He said at that time:       I urge [my opponent] to stop siding with the drug      manufacturers and put aside his opposition to the re-     importation of lower-priced prescription drugs. . . .  But, unfortunately, it has been reported that during backroom negotiations at the White House, the big pharmaceutical companies have convinced the President to drop his strong support for drug importation.  The New York Times reports that:       On July 7--  Meaning this year--     Rham Emanuel, [President] Obama's chief of staff . . .      assured at least five pharmaceutical companies during a White      House meeting that there would be no provision in the final      health care package to allow the reimportation of cheaper      drugs. . . .  I thought we were going to hold drug companies accountable. I thought health care reform was supposed to drive down the cost of health care, including the cost of prescription drugs for all Americans. The Dorgan amendment is a commonsense, bipartisan approach to achieve both of these goals. Drug importation achieves these goals without imposing arbitrary fees, and without flexing the muscles of the Federal Government.  I have always considered this a free trade issue. I know most people see it as a health issue, and it is a health issue. But I come at it from the point of view that there are only a couple items Americans cannot buy in this country from anyplace else in the world they want to buy it. One class is pharmaceutical drugs, the other class is Cuban----  