 President, I rise today to congratulate the University of Iowa wrestling team for their national championship victory two weekends ago.  On March 21, 2009 wrestling fans all across the country were treated to an exceptional match in St. Louis, MO, while watching the University of Iowa clinch the NCAA Division I Wrestling Championship. Throughout the year, the Hawkeyes maintained an overall No. 1 ranking in the Nation.  This year's wrestling team finished the season with a perfect record for the 12th time in the school's history. The outstanding grapplers and coaches produced a great season, winning numerous awards and praise throughout the country. I also want to take a special moment and congratulate the University of Iowa wrestling head coach Tom Brands, who has led the team to two straight national championships in only 3 years at the helm of the Hawkeye wrestling team.  The University of Iowa students, alumni, faculty and fans are committed to keeping alive the tradition of wrestling in Iowa and bringing pride to the state, as well as the University of Iowa. I want to congratulate the University of Iowa Hawkeyes for winning the 2009 NCAA Division I Wrestling Championship and recognize the achievements and efforts of the wrestlers, coaches, fans and staff who helped the team achieve this significant victory.  I also want to speak to congratulate the Morningside College women's basketball team for winning the 2009 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics--NAIA--Division II national championship.  On March 27, 2009, the Morningside College Mustangs won the national title game over the Hastings College Broncos in Sioux City. Just a day before, the Mustangs captured the Great Plains Athletic Conference--GPAC--championship title and finished with a perfect 18-0 record.  A couple of individual congratulations are in order here today also. Head Coach Jamie Sale was named NAIA Division II National Coach of the Year, senior Autumn Bartel was named Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the NAIA Division II national championship, and senior Dani Gass was also named NAIA Division II Player of the Year.  Of special recognition are the seven members of the Mustangs team who were named 2009 Daktronics-NAIA Scholar-Athletes for maintaining a minimum grade point average of 3.5. These members included Cara Anderson, Autumn Bartel, Emily Christen, Sarah Culp, Mackenzi Mendlik, Roni Miller, and Brittany Williamson.  The Morningside College Mustangs received a unanimous number one ranking in the final NAIA Division II Women's Basketball Coaches Top 25 Poll while finishing the season with a perfect 38-0 record, only the second team in NAIA Division II women's basketball history to do so.  I want to congratulate these athletes on demonstrating exceptional accomplishments both in the classroom and on the court.  