 President, I think I can be done in 10 minutes, but if I can't be, I would like to have a little bit longer because I am going to talk about a very good Iowan who was murdered 2 weeks ago today. This is the purpose for which I rise. This is coach Ed Thomas. I will get to that in a minute. But before I leave that up there for Senators to view, I wish to tell them, this is not any ordinary high school football coach. This is obviously an old picture because it only goes to 1998. He coached 37 years at this high school. It says here ``championship.'' I know he had a recent State championship as well. He is no ordinary high school football coach. Because in this small town of Parkersburg, IA, the high school is in two towns, Aplington-Parkersburg, IA. It only has 2,000 people in it. But this football coach has taken four of his former players now presently playing in the NFL. At least three and maybe all four of these returned to be pallbearers at his funeral.  We can see this record of the previous decade, and that record would be as good for the last decade. I am only sorry I don't have a more recent picture showing Ed Thomas.  Two weeks ago today, at 10:30 in the morning, a former student, a former football player and the brother of a football player who would have been playing this fall at this high school, came into the weight room at Parkersburg High School. This coach was always there because he wanted to encourage his players to work out and to be healthy. He was there with them. This former student came in and killed him with a gun. Didn't bother anybody else. That was it. He was rushed to the hospital but probably dead on arrival.  I say how outstanding he was and how well liked he was. About 12 months before that, a tornado went through Parkersburg destroying about a third of the town. This is a town of only 2,000. This coach had his house blown away, but he didn't worry about himself. He headed for his high school, which was also destroyed, to do immediately what he could to help turn things around.  I have prepared remarks where I will refer to this so colleagues will be hearing it twice. His goal from that Memorial Day weekend to the opening of the football season, the first Friday night in August, was to have that football field ready to go so they could play football as they have. They had a very outstanding season.  This is a person who led a community. He was not just a football coach. My home of 75 years is 10 miles from that high school. They were our competitors. There is very fierce competition between football teams in these small towns of the Midwest. I went Sunday afternoon. The viewing of the body was from 3 to 8. The next day the funeral had 2,500 people at it. But at the time--I get there at 3 o'clock--the line was 3 blocks long. I stood in line 3 hours to get to say my condolences to the family and to view. This family was so strong that they probably gave more comfort to the people who were there to view than each of us gave to the family.  Three hours, and I thought: How long is the line? By 6:30, the line was 4 blocks long. That family stood there until 11 o'clock that night to greet all the friends of this beloved Iowa coach.  With that as background, I came to the floor to give this statement. I thought I ought to put it in some context.  I come before the Senate with the heavy heart of an entire community and in humble recognition of a man who, by all accounts, was a servant of God in every sense, a person who put his faith to work by mentoring the young people of his community as a teacher and a football coach, a person who put his faith to work by providing a guiding hand as the community recovered from the tragedy of a tornado just a little over a year ago, a person who put his faith to work as a father, a husband, and an elder in the church.  Parenthetically, I wish to say this about the close-knit families we have in the small communities of Iowa. It happens that Coach Thomas and the family of the murderer go to the same church. The person who did the murdering had, I assume from the newspaper, a drug problem. The Sunday before the murder, so the newspapers tell me, the family of the person with the drug problem who did the murder asked in the church, would they pray for their son. Coach Ed Thomas led the prayer for that son, as it was reported in the newspaper.  It was barely a year ago when news reports came across the wires about a small Iowa farming town that was devastated by an F-5 tornado that tore across the community and leveled hundreds of homes and businesses--with eight people dying--the school and what locals call the Sacred Acre or, to the rest of us the famous Parkersburg Falcon football field.  Just last week, this same town was hit with possibly a more crushing blow than a tornado could ever take from a town. The caretaker of the Sacred Acre, the beloved football coach and town leader, Coach Ed Thomas, was senselessly murdered in front of his very own students.  In our area of the State, it is not hard to know Coach Thomas. He was a pillar of the community. His success on the football field made him an icon in his profession--two State championships and four players currently in the NFL. But the people who knew him will remember him most for his leadership off the field.  It was his leadership that helped pull up the community that was knocked off its feet by the F-5 tornado. His declaration in the aftermath of the tornado that the Aplington-Parkersburg boys would play football on their home field in just a couple months gave the town of Parkersburg, IA, purpose in the most difficult of times.  It was the Sacred Acre that brought everyone in town together, and it was the whole town that put the Sacred Acre back together so they could start the football season on time in that home game, the last Friday of August.  Coach Thomas and his Sacred Acre brought out the best in the community, just as he brought out the best in his team with what Coach Thomas called, ``strength in togetherness.''  His impact reached the people of this community long before that fateful day in May 2008. For nearly four decades, Coach Thomas led young men in more than just the game of football. He ledthem in the lessons of life. His current and former players have been seen and heard everywhere--each of them now sharing lessons that will be passed on yet to another generation.  Most of us can remember that one coach or that one teacher who had the greatest impact on each of us. For many in the Parkersburg community, that one person was Coach Thomas.  He was well known for getting the best out of his players and students. He was always providing motivation to his kids. But those who knew Coach Thomas best say his No. 1 talent was friendship. His friend, Al Kerns, said:       He only saw the best in others, and I guess that's why he      got all this back.  ``This'' being the outpouring of compassion from people across Iowa. It may be best demonstrated by the scene in Parkersburg last week at the funeral. As the hearse traveled from the funeral to the nearby cemetery, the streets were lined four or five deep with myriads of color. It has been a true testament to the reach of this icon, not only because of the sheer numbers of people but the myriad of colors that came from high school football teams from all across Iowa that came in their game jerseys to honor a selfless man who shared his playbook as well as his heart.  The tributes made since that tragic morning show that even after his death, Ed Thomas is teaching us to be better people by the way he lived his life.  It has been obvious that his two sons have taken his life lessons to heart, just like many others. I continue to be struck by the poise of his sons who have performed the most monumental task by asking us to pray for the family of the man who killed their father. I cannot think of a greater tribute to their dad than the actions they have performed and the words they have spoken over the last 10 days. There is no question in my mind that these two young men possess the same qualities as their father and that these two boys will continue his legacy.  Aaron Thomas, the oldest of Ed and Jan's two boys, said this at the funeral. He actually said more than I am going to quote, but this is a very important part:       You can be sad the rest of the day, but come tomorrow, once      you wake up, it's time to get going . . . there's a lot of      work to be done in this town.  While this community's heart is heavy, they will move forward to see the brightness of another day and of another game, just as Coach Thomas would have wanted.  I yield the floor.  