 President, my friend from Montana referred to the CBO analysis of this bill. He rightly pointed to some proposals in the bill that will have some stimulative effect. The Chairman also talked about CBO's analysis of years 1 through 3--all relevant data. But we need to know what happens in years 4, 5, and years 6 through 10. I have asked that question because there is a reasonable fear that the spending might have a negative effect on the economy from years 4, 5 and so forth.  The spending might ``crowd out'' investment and that crowding out could adversely affect economic growth later.  It is kind of like the difference between a carbohydrate diet and a protein diet. Under this bill, there is a lot of carbohydrate-spending. The spending is like eating a sugary doughnut. It tastes good going down, but shortly thereafter the effect wears off and you are hungry again. In this case, we have a spending surge, but we might face the effects of too much spending with crowdout.  On our side, we would prefer a protein-type of stimulus. We want investment nourishment up front. Like protein, the economic body will become stronger after the investment stimulus is digested.  Now, I am not saying there shouldn't be any spending stimulus. What we need is a balanced stimulative diet. This bill's stimulus diet is too carb-oriented. It needs more protein investment stimulus.  I am afraid the detailed CBO analysis of years 4, 5 and 6 through 10 may confirm that this bill will show that we pay the price for a stimulus package that is too far tilted towards spending.  On the AMT patch point made by Senator Durbin, I agree the AMT patch is not in the McCain admendment. As one who pushed for it in the Finance Committee, I agree the patch would be a good addition.  Senator McCain would be glad to add the AMT patch. But I would ask my friends in the Democratic leadership a question. If the patch were added, would they support the bill?  They were supporters of the House bill and the Chairman's mark. Both documents did not contain the AMT patch. If we add the patch here, will they support Senator McCain's amendment?  If Senator McCain's amendment passes, I will seek to add the AMT patch in conference so that 24 million American families do not get hit with this stealth tax.  