 President, yesterday I spoke about how the trade adjustment assistance provisions in the conference report represent the one shining example of bipartisanship in this mammoth legislation. It's unfortunate that the overall conference report wasn't the product of a similarly bipartisan process, but that missed opportunity should not detract from the tremendous bipartisan effort that my colleagues and our staffs undertook to bring about this significant achievement in reforming and reauthorizing our trade adjustment assistance programs. I want to take a moment to note for the record my appreciation to those who have worked so hard to produce this good compromise legislation on trade adjustment assistance.  I will begin by thanking my colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee, Chairman Rangel and Ranking Member Camp. Our bicameral negotiations over the last 6 weeks have been intensive, and at times difficult but always professional and constructive. Chairman Rangel was ably advised by Tim Reif and Viji Rangaswami, his respective staff director and deputy staff director on the trade subcommittee, as well as Alex Perkins, international trade counsel to the chairman, and Indivar Dutta-Gupta, adviser to the chairman on the professional staff of the subcommittee on income security and family support. Congressman Camp was ably advised by his chief trade counsel, Angela Ellard, as well as David Thomas, international trade counsel to the ranking member.  Of course I must thank my partner on the Finance Committee, Chairman Baucus, with whom I have been actively overseeing the operation of our trade adjustment assistance programs since the last time we implemented reforms in 2002. We have been negotiating over this legislation since April of last year, so this is the culmination of a lot of effort by our two staffs. My thanks begin with his staff director, Russ Sullivan, and extend to Demetrios Marantis, his chief international trade counsel, and the rest of his trade team, particularly Hun Quach, Ayesha Khanna, and Darci Vetter, as well as Amber Cottle, Chelsea Thomas, and Janis Lazda. I would also like to thank Liz Fowler and Neleen Eisinger from his health staff, and Anya Landau French, formerly of his trade staff.  On my staff I want to thank first my staff director on the Finance Committee, Kolan Davis, and my deputy staff director and chief tax counsel, Mark Prater, for their wise counsel in managing the legislative processes that have led to today's achievement. I also want to thank my chief international trade counsel, Stephen Schaefer, who has spearheaded my oversight of trade adjustment assistance since 2003 and led my negotiating effort these many months, as well as David Ross, my international trade counsel, who played an integral role in the negotiations that produced today's compromise. In addition, I want to thank David Johanson, my international trade counsel and agricultural trade specialist, for his role in negotiating a reform of the trade adjustment assistance for farmers program, and Claudia Bridgeford Poteet, my international trade policy advisor, for her advice and support. Additional members of my staff that merit special recognition include Mark Hayes, my chief health counsel, and Andrew McKechnie, also on my health staff, as well as Kristin Bass and Colette Desmarais, formerly of my health staff. I also want to thank Chris Condeluci, my tax and benefitscounsel, as well as Lacee Oliver, an intern on my Finance Committee staff, and John Kalitka, a former detail to my Finance Committee trade staff from the Department of Commerce, for their work on trade adjustment assistance.  Our work has been supported by the substantial efforts of dedicated professionals at the Department of Labor, and my appreciation there begins with Erin Fitzgerald in the Division of Trade Adjustment Assistance, as well as Mark Morin and Lois Zuckerman in the Office of the Solicitor, and Erica Cantor, the administrator of the Office of National Response. I also want to thank Mason Bishop, Blake Hanlon, and Geoffrey Burr, formerly of the Department of Labor, as well as Justin McCarthy and John Bailey, formerly on the White House staff of the previous administration.  I mentioned that Chairman Baucus and I have been engaged in joint oversight of the trade adjustment assistance programs since 2002, and our oversight has included requesting a series of reports from the Government Accountability Office to examine various aspects of the operation of these programs. Among current and former personnel at the Government Accountability Office who merit special recognition for their hard work are Sigurd Nilsen, Dianne Blank, Lorin Obler, and Wayne Sylvia.  Finally, I want to acknowledge the tremendous effort of our House and Senate legislative counsels to deliver timely drafts and constructive critiques of proposed legislative provisions. On the House side I want to thank Sandra Strokoff and Mark Synnes, and here in the Senate I want to thank our experts on customs and international trade law, Polly Craighill and Margaret Roth-Warren.  As you can see, today's achievement is the result of the dedication, hard work, and commitment of many individuals. It is the culmination of years of effort, and I am confident that the result will serve to benefit American workers in Iowa and across the United States for years to come.  