 They argue that this would reduce the cost of health care. For example, on Wednesday, December 16, a senior White House aide wrote:       Even if you believe that some of the tax on insurance      companies is passed along, it would be more than outweighed      by the benefits middle-class families would get from reducing      the hidden tax they currently pay for the uninsured.  I don't believe the fees on health insurance companies will be passed through to the policyholders. I think it is just idiotic not to think they would not be passed through.  I want to flatout state I know they are going to be passed through. My authority for this is the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation telling us that fact. The CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation told us that these fees will actually increase health insurance premiums. Premiums will go up because the companies are paying increased taxes under this bill. For insurance premiums to go up, under a title of a bill that encompasses health care reform, that is going in the wrong direction. Also, for argument's sake, let's assume my Democratic colleagues are correct and this so-called hidden tax that results from uncompensated care equals $1,000. The pending health care reform bill still leaves a large number of Americans uninsured. Specifically, the Reid bill leaves 23 million out of 54 million without health insurance at the end of this budget window, 2019. So, at best, the Democrats' reform cuts the hidden tax in half--in this case, to about $500 a family.  To add insult to injury, however, the bill adds new hidden taxes. These taxes are the fees imposed on health insurance. CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation--two respected organizations--say this will increase costs. If you check the report, no one can dispute that. These fees go into effect in 2011--still 3 years before any of the major reforms under the pending bill kick in.  That means this hidden tax will increase premiums in 2011, 2012, and 2013. That is before there is any government assistance for health insurance being provided to families that need it. The new hidden tax is also created as a result of the Medicaid expansion on the one hand, and Medicare cuts on the other hand, a major cost shift in health care derived from government programs--Medicare and Medicaid--which reimburse providers at rates roughly 20 percent to 40 percent lower than private providers.  President Obama understands that paying doctors below market rates leads to cost shift. This is what he said at a townhall meeting on health care reform:       If they are only collecting 80 cents on the dollar, they      have to make that up someplace else, and they end up getting      it from people who have private insurance.  The Medicare and Medicaid cost shift will be increased significantly under the pending health care reform bill. According to the CBO estimate, Medicaid will be increased by more than 40 percent, from 35 million to 50 million people. Additionally, the bill includes almost $\1/2\ trillion in Medicare cuts that will result in lower payments to providers.  Increasing the current Medicare and Medicaid cost shift as a result of the Democrats' health reforms would add even more costs to a family's health insurance policy. The easier cost shift to address would be the $1,700 cost shift from defensive medicine. The Democrats do not address the cost shift from defensive medicine which former CMS Director Mark McClellan has estimated adds $1,700 in additional cost per average family.  Addressing this reform alone could save more than covering all of the uninsured in America.  So, you see, my friends on the other side say their bill will eliminate the so-called hidden tax. My friends seem to come up short on that one. Also, they add new hidden taxes that will burden middle-class Americans.  I think in the present situation, the legislation before us and the language used by debaters on the other side, they should be transparent when they are talking about getting rid of the hidden tax. The pending health care reform bill makes things from these three perspectives work.  Madam President, I will be happy to yield the floor for a minute for the purpose of a colloquy with Senator Baucus on another subject.  