 President, I support the amendment that has just been described by the Senator from Vermont prohibiting banks which get TARP funds from hiring H-1B guest workers for this year. I support the amendment because these companies should be hiring American workers during these tough economic times, particularly when there are so many qualified Americans on the streets looking for jobs. The American taxpayers who will be footing the bill on the stimulus money would agree with me. Banks that are getting taxpayer funds need to hire qualified Americans first before hiring foreign guest workers.  Many banks participate in the H-1B visa program. Over 6 years, the banking industry has requested visas for over 21,000 foreign guest workers. The purpose of the H-1B visa program is to assist companies in their employment needs where there is not a sufficient American workforce to meet their technology and expertise requirements.  I am very OK with an H-1B program if American companies cannot find enough qualified Americans to do certain jobs that need that particular expertise. Then we need to help those companies with those resources. However, H-1B and other worker visa programs were never intended to replace qualified American workers. We do not want to put Americans at a disadvantage. And now that many qualified, hard-working American bank workers are unemployed, banks that want to hire workers will not have a hard time finding what they need from the American workforce.  I am concerned companies going through layoffs that currently employ H-1B workers will be retaining those guest workers rather than similarly qualified American employees. We hear announcements every day about companies cutting large numbers of jobs. Yet many of these companies continue to advocate for H-1B visas and apply for them.  I am pretty sure these work visa programs were never intended to allow companies going through layoffs to retain foreign guest workers rather than similarly qualified American workers. I think in implementing layoff plans, companies should ensure that American workers have priority in keeping their jobs over foreign guest workers on visa programs. I recently sent a letter to Microsoft asking a series of questions about the makeup of their layoff plan and encouraging the company to ensure that Americans are given priority in job retention.  Our immigration policy is not intended to harm the American workforce. I firmly believe companies going through layoffs that employ H-1B visas have a moral obligation to protect American workers by putting them first during these difficult economic times. So I plan on looking into this issue further and exploring whether legislation is necessary there.  Again, I support the amendment Senator Sanders and I have put in. The bottom line is, employers should recruit qualified American workers first before hiring foreign guest workers. If banks are going to be getting TARP money from the American taxpayers, then they should be hiring American workers. I want to emphasize, once again, I am not against the H-1B program. I think when we do not have workers in this country, we need to keep it going, but it is how it operates. That is also why Senator----  