 President, my friends on the other side of the aisle have consistently stated that this 2074-page Reid bill, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, is a net tax cut. I want to put emphasis throughout my remarks on the word ``net.''  Yesterday a chart was used to illustrate this point. This chart had multiple bars with dollar figures. For example, in 2019 the chart showed a $40.8 billion net tax cut. My Democratic friends said this number came from the Joint Committee on Taxation, a very responsible, intellectually honest group.  Unfortunately, the chart my friends were using was not entirely clear on how they came up with this net tax cut for Americans. So it was natural for most of the fellow Senators and the country at large to wonder how my Democratic friends got this number. They said show me the data.  To clear up any confusion, right here is the Joint Committee on Taxation table that the Democrats relied on to claim that the Reid bill results in a net tax cut. Here it is. We can see the negative $40,786, for example. That is the figure that was used. As the chart indicates, these dollar amounts are in the millions, so $40,786 million. The Joint Committee on Taxation says it this way: This means negative--the negative mark there--negative $40.8 billion.  My friends on the other side unfortunately did not explain what was going on here. It appears my friends simply made an assertion that they hoped many of us and those in the media would believe. But I cannot let my Democratic friends get off the hook this easily. Why? Because the entire story is not being told, so let me take a moment to explain.  First, in simplest terms, where you see negative numbers on this chart, the Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us there is some type of tax benefit going to the taxpayers. So this group and these groups here, wherever there is a negative here, those are tax benefits to the benefit of the taxpayers.  For example, families making $50,000 to $75,000 have a negative of $10,489 in their column. This means the Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us that this income category is receiving $10.4 billion in tax benefits.  I hope you will listen closely. When we see a negative number on this chart, the Joint Committee on Taxation tells us there is a tax benefit so, conversely, where we see a positive number the Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us that these taxpayers are seeing a tax increase. I have actually enlarged those numbers, the number of tax returns and the dollar amounts where there is a positive number for individuals and families. Again, these positive numbers indicate tax increase.  My friends have said that all tax returns in this chart are receiving a net tax cut. If that were so, why aren't there negative numbers next to all of the dollar amounts listed? Because not everyone in this chart is receiving a tax cut, despite what my friends have said. Quite to the contrary, a group of taxpayers is clearly seeing a tax increase and this group of taxpayers in middle income is seeing tax increases.  I didn't come down to the floor to say my friends on the other side of the aisle are wrong. After all, you can see here the negative $40,786 million figure they used is right there, out in the open. What I am doing is clarifying that my Democratic friends cannot spread this $40.8 billion tax cut across all the affected taxpayers on this chart, and then say that all have received a tax cut.  You want to know why. Because this chart, produced by the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation, shows that taxes go up for those making more than $50,000 and families making more than $75,000. It is right here in the yellow, as you can see.  The numbers obviously do not lie. I say the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation, I think everybody agrees, is very intellectually honest. So let me give you my read on what the Joint Committee on Taxation is saying here as evidenced by the figures on the chart.  First, there is a group of low- and middle-income taxpayers who clearly benefits under the 2074-page bill that is before the Senate. They benefit from the government subsidy of health insurance. This group, however, is relatively small.  There is another much larger group of middle-income taxpayers who are seeing their taxes go up due to one or a combination of the following tax increases: the high-cost plan tax increase, which actually is a brandnew tax; the medical expense deduction limitation, which used to be 7.5 percent, and now before you can deduct you have to have 10 percent of your income be medical expenses or you don't deduct anything, so that is a tax increase; and then a Medicare payroll tax increase, where everybody is going to pay--well, everybody over a certain income is going to pay an additional half a percentage point or, if you are self-employed, pay 1 percent more of payroll tax. In general, this group is not benefiting from the government subsidy. After all, how can a taxpayer see a tax cut if they are not even eligible for the subsidy?  Also, there is an additional group of taxpayers who would be affected by other tax increase provisions in the Reid bill that the Joint Committee on Taxation could not distribute in the way people are distributed on this chart. These undistributed tax increases include, among others, the cap on Federal savings--flexible savings accounts. Then there is a tax on cosmetic surgery.  My friend from Idaho, the author of the amendment before us, Mr. Crapo, recently received a letter from the Joint Committee on Taxation stating that this additional group exists and many in this group will make less than $250,000 and, hence, have a tax increase that is not accounted for here and also a tax increase if they are under $250,000. That is a violation of the President's promise in the last campaign that nobody under that figure would get a tax increase--only people over $250,000.  So you see, my Democratic friends cannot, No. 1, say that all taxpayers receive a tax cut--I have proven that here--and, No. 2, say that middle-income Americans will not see a tax increase under the Reid bill.  I yield the floor.  