 President, Senate Republicans have time and time again voted to reform and repeal the alternative minimum tax, a stealth tax that was promulgated in 1969 to ensure some 155 wealthy Americans paid at least some level of Federal tax but which today threatens to entrap more than 20 million American taxpayers this year alone.  I know the majority leader shares my desire to fix the alternative minimum tax and to extend other expiring tax provisions later this year. In fact, as the IRS has told us, the inexplicable inaction at this point has already the potential to wreak havoc on the tax-filing season. I have been encouraging my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work with us to do this for quite some time.  So both my friend, the majority leader, and I know this is an issue that must be addressed. That is common ground, and that is good. But let's be clear. Republicans want to extend the alternative minimum tax patch and expiring tax provisions without increasing taxes on other Americans. Furthermore, we want to protect 90 million American taxpayers, including small business owners, from a massive tax increase that will soon take effect if Congress does not act to extend rate reductions contained in the tax relief measures we passed in 2001 and 2003.  I would suggest that there are fundamental differences of opinion between the two parties on tax policy. This is not a surprise; we all know this. And it is a debate we have been having for years. But on this there is much we can agree on. Let's begin with a base bill that accomplishes what is noncontroversial, what we mutually agree upon; that is, extending the AMT patch for 1 year and extending expiring tax provisions for 2 years.  In view of the differences between the parties on tax increases, let's allow two amendments per side to be in order, each of our own choosing. I can tell you now that our amendments will be focused on ensuring tens of millions of Americans do not face tax increases. While I would not presume to tell my friend, the majority leader, what amendments his side should offer, I would suggest it would be an excellent opportunity for him to offer the tax increases that are included in the Baucus proposal and the Rangel AMT bill as passed by the House as the other. Since we object to the majority's efforts to increase taxes, as they apparently will object to our efforts to extend tax relief, let's require that all amendments be subjected to a 60-vote hurdle.  In summary, I propose we start with common ground and say controversial pay-fors and add-ons must get 60 votes.  