 President, the majority leader is certainly within hisrights to do what we call ``filling up the tree.'' It has certainly been done by majority leaders in both parties over the years. But let's get a picture of what we are talking about.  As I understand it, this is the amendment that has been offered. What my good friend, the majority leader, is saying is that in response to this amendment, the minority, this side of the aisle, will get an opportunity to offer only those amendments the majority leader allows us to offer.  The farm bill is a very important bill. It happens about every 5 years. There are many people interested in agriculture, school nutrition, and energy and others who have an abiding interest in this bill. The minority is going to insist on an open process.  The last time we enacted a farm bill, the Democrats were also in the majority and Senator Daschle was the majority leader. I asked my staff to check on what the procedure was then.  Senator Daschle attempted to limit amendments through early cloture, which is another procedural way to shut out the minority. Three cloture votes failed. They were not supported by the Republican minority. According to my notes, on the third day of consideration, a cloture motion ripened and failed by a vote of 53 to 45. The second cloture vote occurred 5 days later and also failed by a vote of 54 to 43. A third cloture vote failed by a vote of 54 to 43.  Senator Daschle pulled the bill but returned to it later, and after 6 days of floor consideration, the bill passed without a further cloture vote being necessary.  So let's look at the way farm bills have typically been handled. That is the way it was handled in 2002. In 1985, there were 30 rollcall votes; in 1990, 22 rollcall votes; in 1996, 10 rollcall votes; and in 2002, the year to which I was referring in which there were multiple cloture motions filed and cloture not invoked, there were 23 rollcall votes.  I don't know, there may be a few people in the Senate who don't want to pass a farm bill at all, but that certainly is not the view of the Republican leader, certainly not the view of the Senator from Georgia, our ranking member on the Agriculture Committee. But we are going to insist on a fair process.  We can get this bill done the easy way or the hard way. I think a better way to do it would be to understand that a bill of this magnitude is enormously significant, something we only do every 5 years. The Republican minority is going to insist on an open process, which is what we will get to, one way or the other, in going forward. I don't think that is unreasonable.  I thank the majority leader for giving me an opportunity to make some observations.  