 President, later today we hope to clear the Burma Democracy Promotion Act of 2007. This legislation, which ratchets up our already tight sanctions against the Burmese junta, has bipartisan support in the House and Senate and comes at a critical time for the suffering people of Burma.  I am pleased to be joined by Senator Biden, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, on this legislation, who has been an ally of mine on other sanctions legislation, and by Senator Feinstein, as always in the forefront of any issue related to Burma. The Burmese people have no greater friend than Senator Feinstein. Sixteen other cosponsors have offered their support to this important and timely bill.  The Senate bill would take a number of steps. It would first put in place new financial sanctions and an extended visa ban on senior junta officials. It would close existing loopholes that allow indirect importation of Burmese gems and timber, and it urges an international arms embargo on Burma, which faces no external military threats.  This legislation would also establish a special representative and policy coordinator for Burma, appointed by the President and subject to Senate confirmation. The United States is fortunate to already have a stellar charge d'affaires in Rangoon. However, her focus is, as it should be, on bilateral relations with Burma. The new envoy would help to ensure that U.S. diplomacy is multilateral in scope, sustained, and fully coordinated with other international efforts.  Now, the House passed its version of enhanced Burma sanctions last week. I am hopeful the two bodies will soon reconcile these bills so we can get this legislation signed into law.  Mr. President, the entire world was inspired by the brave Burmese protesters who peacefully protested for justice earlier this year, and we were appalled at the violent Government reprisals that followed. We mourn the dead, and we pray for those who are still missing.  Since those sad days, a fickle news cycle has moved on to other matters. But with this legislation, we show that the U.S. Congress has not forgotten the people of Burma, and neither has the administration, as witnessed by the strong leadership of the First Lady on this issue. It is my hope the U.N. Security Council has an equally long memory and will soon take up and pass an arms embargo against the Burmese regime. In the end, multilateral sanctions are the most effective means of pressuring this regime to change its misbegotten course. With this legislation, we aim to lead by example. Our hope is that others will soon follow.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  