 But all this sounds quite familiar.  I remember last year we had this very bill on the floor, and our colleagues on the other side were voting against cloture on this very bill last year for the very same reason that we will now vote against cloture on the bill this year, in order to ensure that more amendments are voted upon.  How many times have we heard the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished majority whip remind us that the Senate is not the House. One of the frustrations of being in the majority here is that you have to give the minority votes in order to advance legislation.  No one seriously believes--no one--that Republicans do not want to pass this legislation. That is not credible, I would say to my good friend on the other side of the aisle. We passed it 90 to 8 last year when my party was in the majority. So no amount of spin is going to convince anyone that the Republicans do not want to pass this bill. We do. We want to pass it after a fair process. And having nongermane amendments on legislation in the Senate is about as common as the Sun coming up every 24 hours.  Now, we have been working, in fact, in a bipartisan fashion on this legislation. Our two managers, Senator Bennett and Senator Feinstein, have been working their way through this. We would like to finish the bill. We would like to finish it this week.  With respect to the senior Senator from New Hampshire, he is on the floor and would be glad to describe his amendment and how he believes that it is certainly related to this legislation. In fact, his amendment has been pending, since last Wednesday. A full week in the Senate, he has been waiting to get a vote.  I do not believe that cloture is necessary on this bill, and I am prepared to enter into a unanimous consent agreement which will limit the number of amendments and move us toward completion of the bill. We are not in favor of having an unlimited amount of amendments but a reasonable number. We have had 10 rollcall votes on the bill to this point, not an incredible number. And allowing us to process the remaining amendments is something that simply the minority frequently insists on in the Senate.  