 President, reserving the right to object, I might say in response to my good friend, the majority leader, there is no particular reason these votes could not be held in the morning. It is clear we are at an impasse. That frequently happens in the Senate. It is not at all unusual. It is also not at all unusual to have nongermane amendments offered on bills. They are offered on virtually every bill that goes through the Senate. So there is nothing extraordinary happening on this bill that we do not see in the Senate with great repetition on bill after bill after bill after bill.  We have been working in good faith to reach an agreement with respect to Senator Gregg's amendment on enhanced rescission. I wish to thank the Senator from New Hampshire for his patience in that regard. He was here early on this bill. He offered it a week ago--it has now been pending for an entire week--and is prepared for a vote.  Now, the majority leader, to his credit, was attempting to reach an agreement to allow for a vote on this issue at a later date. He mentioned it needed to be sufficiently debated. Of course, at a later date, in the context in which heand I and Senator Gregg were discussing it, there would be plenty of time for debate, adequate time to make the arguments on both sides to fully consider this important measure, with plenty of time for everyone to have their fair say about it.  Unfortunately, the majority leader has an objection on his side, and therefore it appears we will not be able to finish this bill this week. I hope we can continue to work on a path toward finishing the underlying bill. It passed last year 90 to 8, after the then-minority defeated cloture on one occasion in order to do exactly what this minority is going to do to defeat cloture on one occasion, which is to guarantee consideration of additional amendments.  So I would have hoped we could have had these votes in the morning because not much progress will be made tonight in this regard.  Having said that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  