 I particularly commend our ranking member, Senator Collins, for fighting the good fight when there were some reservations on our side about a major portion of this bill which will compel me to vote against the bill. I know Senator Collins made every effort to strip the provision that I and others find so offensive, but regretfully the provision was not stripped.  In a few minutes the Senate will vote on final passage of Improving America's Security Act of 2007. It has, as I indicated, some good features. At its core, it seeks to improve America's security, but on balance it would also do much to weaken it. I plan to vote against the bill, and I urge my Senate colleagues to do the same.  But, before I cast my vote, a little background. Many of our Democratic friends spent last year campaigning on the claim that Republicans ignored the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission. We didn't. Of the Commission's 39 recommendations, we implemented 37. Nor are the remaining two recommendations at issue today. Both parties agree they should not be in the bill, so the two provisions that we did not adopt of the 9/11 Commission, both sides agreed we should not adopt. So I will oppose this bill on the basis of my answer to a simple question: Does it weaken America's security or strengthen it? The answer that I and many ofmy colleagues have come with is, regretfully, the former.  This bill would weaken America's security because of a single dangerous provision, and that at the insistence of big labor that Democrats include collective bargaining rights for airport security screeners, rights that Congress has refused to give them in the past because of the impact it would have on our ability to react to terrorist threats.  Congress would not grant screeners collective bargaining rights back in 2002. We have had this debate before. We had it at the time of the creation of the Department of Homeland Security--if it has a familiar ring to it, to many of my colleagues, we chose not to adopt that provision then, and we hopefully will not, ultimately, this time.  The difference is the Democrats are letting the fight play out. They are stretching it out based on a political calculation. They already know how this showdown is going to end. The President threatened to veto any bill that makes airport security more like the department of motor vehicles. So they are delaying passage knowing it won't be accepted, for an applause line down the road.  Republicans tried to inject meaning into this bill to include provisions that would improve security. For example, we proposed an amendment that would make it a crime to recruit terrorists, that would authorize the deportation of suspected terrorists, that would make it easier to detain dangerous illegal aliens and would increase penalties for people who cruelly call families of soldiers overseas and falsely report their loved one has died. But our colleagues on the other side of the aisle rejected all of those provisions, opting instead to pump for big labor. They are turning their backs on their own campaign promises in the process by ignoring a key recommendation of the 9/11 Commission that the United States do everything in its power to constrain terrorists' mobility.  TSA workers showed that mobility after the United Kingdom bombing threat in August when they showed up for work that morning at 4 a.m. and they were briefed on the situation overseas and they immediately implemented new protocols. Anyone who traveled to or from an American airport that day would not even have known anything had happened. The execution was seamless. It was a different story in Great Britain, where collective bargaining is the norm. Dozens of flights were canceled while new procedures were instituted. The Democrats know Americans will not stand for that approach to terrorism in our country, but they are counting on the President and the Republicans to stop it for them. That way, they can call us obstructionists and get another applause line in the bargain and maybe even a headline or two. It is a shame because there are some good things in the bill, such as new performance standards and auditing requirements for DHS grants. But we will let them have their applause line.  Republicans have never played games with national security, and we are not going to start now. Therefore, I will vote against the bill, and for the sake of the American people and their continued security, I would strongly urge my other colleagues to do the same, while saying once again how much I commend the Senator from Maine for her efforts to get this bill in the proper form, and there are provisions in the bill not as a result of any of the efforts of the ranking member of the committee. I commend her for her efforts but, regretfully, must oppose final passage.  I yield the floor.  