 President, historians tell us Members of the Senatealmost missed the Marquis de Lafayette's speech. Clay and the other House Members did not tell them it was happening until the very last minute, and relations between the two Chambers have not been the same since.  But America's friendship with France has endured. As French President Charles de Gaulle put it in his own 1960 address before a joint session of Congress:       Our common past is filled with efforts and sacrifices.      [And] it is great because at all times we have served      together for freedom.  Similar to Henry Clay, I consider it an honor today to welcome another great Frenchman to the American Capitol. When French President Nicolas Sarkozy addressed the Congress this morning, he stood beside a painting of the Marquis de Lafayette. Similar to that great Frenchman, President Sarkozy sees much to admire in America. He spoke eloquently about that admiration today. I think there is an important lesson in his words and in his election for the 110th Congress.  President Sarkozy admires America's openness to new ideas and to new people. He admires our work ethic, and he has already begun to implement policies that will make hard work pay in France. In an effort to lure back the so-called fiscal exiles who have left Paris for London or Geneva, he has cut the top tax rate from 60 percent to 50 percent.  He plans to replace two-thirds of retiring Government workers to shrink the size of Government, and to end the right of some Government workers to retire at age 50 with a pension. He is starting to take away the tools French labor unions routinely use to cripple France. To encourage work, he has significantly cut taxes on overtime work.  A lot of people on this side of the Atlantic, and I am one of them, were skeptical about whether President Sarkozy could actually get some of these sensible ideas past his Parliament. We hoped he would. We want France to be strong. He told us today he is deeply committed to carrying his mission through. But the cultural forces opposed to change seemed even stronger.  Yet it turned out his election signaled a deep sense of urgency among the French people, an urgency about their future. Sarkozy put it this way in his book, ``Testimony'':       I am convinced that no country in the world can get by      without effort, and that France, notwithstanding its      undeniable merits and prestigious past, will become a thing      of the past if it doesn't take the steps necessary to adapt      to the changes taking place in the world.  The French people surprised us by electing a free-market reformer. Then they surprised us again by electing a center-right Parliament that could get his ideas through. Some of those ideas, such as cutting the top tax rate, have gone through. The winds of change are clearly blowing through France.  And not just France. Over the past few years, the ``Old Europe'' model of big government and bloated entitlements has shown signs of cracking. Germany elected a reformist chancellor from the Christian Democratic Party. Canadian conservatives rebounded under Stephen Harper after near extinction.  Even the Socialists are admitting their mistakes. The Socialist former Prime Minister of France, Lionel Jospin, shocked his countrymen when he blasphemously declared that: The State cannot do everything.  In Italy, center-left Italian Premier Romano Prodi announced in July he would raise Italy's retirement age from 57 to 61. Much of Europe, it seems, is trying to steer itself away from an economic model that has left it with double-digit unemployment and anemic growth. After scoffing at the Reagan Revolution two decades ago, many of them are now taking our 40th President's economic principles to heart.  Meanwhile, in the United States, the new Democratic Congress has turned away from the ideas that righted our own economic ship after the crisis of the 1970s. They are proposing higher taxes on everything from the size of our houses to the gas we put in our cars. They are handing out favors to big labor by proposing to end the secret ballot union elections and by working to defund the Federal office that was created to shine a light on how unions spend members' dues.  The Democratic Presidential candidates are practically tripping over each other to propose newer, bigger entitlements to anybody in Iowa or New Hampshire who will listen. In short, some Democrats in Congress and out on the campaign trial would like to turn America into France, when even the French themselves are obviously having second thoughts.  The effects of the Socialist model in France and other Western European countries are perfectly clear. President Sarkozy recently assumed control of a government that consumes more than 50 percent of France's gross national product. In Germany and in Italy, the percentage of GDP spent by the Government is above 45 percent. Compare that to about 30 percent in the United States. As one economist recently put it:       Europe's economy is so bad because government is so big.  So we congratulate President Sarkozy on his recent victory and his courage in attempting to restore France's economic vitality. America welcomes him. We are hopeful he will help lead the people of France into a new era of prosperity and economic freedom and strengthen the noble tradition of our two countries serving together for freedom.  I urge my Democratic colleagues to heed his message.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  