 KYL. Mr. President, as usual, the minority leader has made an extraordinarily important point.  Admiral McConnell enjoys the confidence, I am sure, of every one of the Members of this body. When he briefed all of us about the problem, I did not see a dissenting voice in the classified briefing about the fact that we had to quickly do something to solve this problem.  I think everyone recognizes that he not only has the expertise but the motivation--only one motivation--to protect the American people. I do not think there is a political bone in his body. As a result, for anybody here in the Congress to play politics with the issue, to not accept the judgment of a man who is so widely respected and so properly motivated in this regard, would not only be a dereliction of duty but would, frankly, set up a potential threat to the United States from which we might not recover.  What I might do is just close my remarks and turn the floor over to the minority leader. I also know the Senator from New Mexico wants to make some comments. But perhaps he would allow the leader to make some comments.  I just want to make this point. Winston Churchill said after World War II that no war could have been more easily prevented. We all understand what he was talking about. The threat was there. The people who were going to cause the problem--Adolf Hitler, Nazi Germany--were clear in their intentions, but people did not act on the knowledge they had.  Mr. President, I submit the same thing is true here. If there is, God forbid, an attack on our homeland, I cannot imagine something that could have been more easily prevented by the kind of change we can make in this body today to ensure that the law that governs this intelligence collection keeps up with the technology.  It is up to us to take the good judgment of people such as Admiral McConnell, as the minority leader has said, and move on with this and not allow asituation to develop where we would leave for the month of August not having solved this important problem.  