 President, most of the men and women who wear our country's uniform would not call themselves heroes, but I am afraid I would have to disagree with that. Those who fight abroad for our freedom here at home are, indeed, heroes. I rise to honor one special Kentuckian among them who was lost to us in the line of duty.  SFC Jason Lee Bishop of Covington, KY, was killed by a car bomb while on patrol operations in Siniya, Iraq, on New Year's Day of 2006. A member of the 1st Squadron, 33rd Cavalry, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division, based in Fort Campbell, KY, he was 31 years old.  For his outstanding service as a soldier in the U.S. Army, SFC Bishop was awarded the Bronze Star Medal and the Purple Heart, as well as many other medals and honors of distinction.  Jason was the first of four children born to his parents Frank and Brenda Bishop in the northern Kentucky town of Covington. His mother remembers Jason as a young child standing on the seat in the family car and singing along with the radio, especially to Kenny Rogers.  Riding in the car with his father was a different experience. Frank taught young Jason how to drive by putting him in the driver's seat at the top of a hill, disengaging the parking brake, and issuing one command: ``Drive.'' On a stick shift, no less.  Jason and his dad enjoyed deer hunting and fishing together, something they did whenever the opportunity arose. Playing cards was another way the two enjoyed each other's company. His family says Jason learned to count using playing cards.  Jason graduated from Covington Holmes High School in 1993 with 4 years of junior ROTC experience. He entered the Army immediately upon graduation.  After basic training and assignment at Fort Knox, also in my State of Kentucky, Jason was sent to the Republic of Korea. He also was deployed to Bosnia for a 10-month tour. Later assigned to Fort Campbell back in Kentucky, Jason was promoted to sergeant first class.  Completing Drill Sergeant School was one of SFC Bishop's proudest accomplishments. Earning that drill sergeant badge was physically and mentally grueling, perhaps the toughest of all of his assignments.  Jason became a darn good drill sergeant. A fellow drill sergeant who served with him at Fort Knox, SFC Daniel Webster, says he is not aware of any combat deaths among the 1,000 men Jason trained at Fort Knox--a remarkable record. ``