 The motion to proceed to H.R. 3996 was made, and the motion to invoke cloture was filed on that.  The Republican leader is recognized.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I think we all can agree we should fix the AMT. We should have done it much earlier this year. Shortly, I am going to present a unanimous consent agreement based on a very simple proposition: Our time is running short; therefore, we should start the debate with the areas of broadest agreement and work from there.  So what can we all agree upon? We agree it is past time for Congress to act to ensure that 23 million American families do not face a major tax increase this year. While my side of the aisle believes we should permanently repeal the AMT, we are also prepared to ensure that middle-income Americans get tax relief this year.  We agree tax extenders are important to small business, to parents paying college tuition for their children, to teachers who buy classroom supplies with their own money. These issues are not controversial, and I believe a majority of the Senate supports them.  However, there is an area of strong disagreement. We disagree with the proposition that taxes must be permanently raised in order to extend current tax policy. By patching the AMT and extending other expiring provisions, we are simply maintaining thestatus quo on tax policy. Why should some taxpayers be harmed when no single taxpayer will enjoy increased benefits?  So I recommend that we begin where there is a consensus--the AMT patch and tax extenders. We should require the controversial provisions, those raising revenues, be subject to 60 votes. In addition, my side of the aisle would like an opportunity for votes on our vision for tax relief and AMT reform, all of which we understand would be subject to 60 votes. Anything left at the end of the process would also be subject to 60 votes.  This would be a fair process for the short amount of time we have been given on this bill. Let's not tie up the Senate over disagreements; rather, we should build from areas of broadest consensus.  I do not anticipate the majority leader agreeing to the unanimous consent that I am going to now propound. I want to make sure he is engaged before I do that. Or maybe the chairman of the committee?  