 REID. Mr. President, in a brief minute.  I want the right tone set here. I don't want this to be an adversarial process. This is not a battle between Reid and McConnell. The votes show what happened. It doesn't take Einstein to figure that one out. Republicans didn't vote for cloture. They hadn't had enough. What is enough? I don't know what is enough.  One of the elements that hasn't been mentioned here tonight--but only in passing, because I want to set the right tone--this is the President's bill. Last year, we passed the Democratic immigration bill. We passed it with help from some courageous Republicans. Here, part of those courageous Republicans met with some very strong Democratic Senators, working with Cabinet officers, to come up with a bill. They came up with a bill. The press has declared this to be the grand compromise. I accept that term. Where arethe President's men? Where are the President's people helping us with these votes?  We are finished with this for the time being. As we have been for days, we are going to have a list for you right away. We should have it by 5 o'clock tonight. We will have it for you in the morning. We are very close. At some point, we are going to do this. Pretty soon, we will have enough votes so we can support cloture. We are prepared to vote for cloture but not right now.  I want to finish this bill, but I can't do it alone. We can't do it alone. We did more than our share here tonight on cloture votes. We picked up seven votes during the day from the vote this morning to the vote this evening. But we need some help. I would hope the President understands that it is only going to be about 16 months until there is an election for a new President, either a Democratic or Republican President. He has a relatively short period of time to help us with this piece of legislation.  People know I am very concerned about what comes up on the floor. I am very time-conscious with what needs to be done. I am not always right, and I acknowledge that. But no one can take away from the fact that I try to get as much as we can out of this Senate. I am going to continue to do that. Part of the time I want to make sure we are able to add into the picture is time to do an immigration bill, but we over here can't do it alone. We need some help. We have an opportunity, as I said before. We want this number of amendments, and we are not going to go for 34. I heard that one yesterday. But whatever it is--10, 6, 5, 4, 3, a time for final passage--we will find time to get this bill up. If they--meaning the other side--have another idea how to get it done, we will work with them. We want to pass this bill. We are committed to immigration reform. We believe our country needs it, not only for the people who live in this country but people outside the country who recognize we have the ability to solve our own problems. Immigration is a problem. We are committed to work on it. And we will continue to do that. I hope for the good of this country we can move forward in a positive manner and pass this legislation.  I say again, let's have President Bush work with us. I want to work with him. You do not hear that from me very often. I will do whatever I can to have this part of his legacy, his immigration bill. I want no credit for it. No one else wants any credit for it. It can be his bill because if we pass this, there is credit to go around for everybody.  