 He said: I will take one and you take one. So I am going to modify my request of a few moments ago which, as the leader indicated, was exactly the same as my request of late last week. I am going to modify my request.  As I have said repeatedly, the Members on this side of the aisle are ready and willing to proceed with this debate. At the outset, I indicated we were prepared to enter into, as I said a moment ago, an agreement for debate and votes on various resolutions. We had hoped for a number--and it was pretty challenging, frankly, to pare down the number on our side. As I indicated, we started with five. That was rejected from the other side. We pared our proposals down to two. That meant three proposals in total--the Warner proposal and two additional ones--to be debated for a reasonable amount of time and then three votes--the unanimous consent request I just propounded.  I think what we just offered was a reasonable approach and would allow the Senate to have those votes this week. Evidently, as I indicated, three proposals are too many. So, therefore, in order to allow us to move forward with this important debate, I am prepared to have votes on just two resolutions.  Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that at a time determined by the majority leader, after consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate proceed en bloc to two concurrent resolutions under the following agreement: S. Con. Res. 7, the Warner resolution, which is to be discharged from the Foreign Relations Committee; and Senator Gregg's amendment related to the funding and supporting our troops.  I further ask unanimous consent that there be a total of 10 hours of debate equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; provided further that no amendments be in order to any of the measures; further, that at the use or yielding back of time, the Senate proceed to two consecutive votes on the adoption of the concurrent resolutions in the following order, with no further action or intervening debate: the Gregg resolution supporting the troops and S. Con. Res. 7, sponsored by Senator Warner.  Finally, I ask unanimous consent that any resolution that does not receive 60 votes in the affirmative, the vote on adoption be vitiated and the concurrent resolution be returned to its previous status.  