 President, we will have a cloture vote shortly on the motion to proceed to the FISA reform legislation that the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence reported last fall. I am glad we are proceeding to this bipartisan bill rather than to either of the rule XIV proposals. Both of those proposals would carve out core components of the Intel Committee's bill and likely would not obtain a Presidential signature.  The Intelligence Committee bill is a rarity in this Congress. It is the product of weeks of painstaking negotiations between Senate Republicans and Democrats, and benefited from the participation of intelligence experts in the administration.  The overwhelming bipartisan vote in the Intel Committee reflected the care, concern, and good faith that went into crafting that bill. The final vote was not 15 to 0, but a vote of 13 to 2 is pretty close.  What is all the more impressive about the Intel bill is that this accomplishment is in an area--foreign intelligence surveillance--that is highly sensitive.  Modifications to the Intel bill still need to be made, but it contains the two main ingredients that are needed for a Presidential signature: It will allow intelligence professionals to do their jobs, and it will not allow trial lawyers to sue telecom companies that helped protect the country.  Unfortunately, the Judiciary Committee bill lacks all the hallmarks of the Intelligence Committee's product. It does not provide our intelligence community with all the tools it needs. It does not protect telecommunications companies from lawsuits. It does not enjoy bipartisan support. And, most importantly, it will not become law.  So I think we have one approach that could lead to an important accomplishment, and we have one that will not. I am hopeful we will choose the right path.  Finally, I wish to make a couple of brief comments about the floor process for the FISA reform legislation.  I will be voting for cloture on the motion to proceed to the Intel bill, and I encourage all of our colleagues to do the same. A cloture vote is needed because of objections to the bipartisan bill by Senators Feingold and Dodd and others. It is certainly their right to object to the Senate's consideration of this important legislation. But it is also the right of other Senators to proceed carefully and thoughtfully on this matter.  Legislation dealing with our foreign intelligence surveillance capabilities is complex, and what we do determines if we are able to adequately defend the homeland from attack. Thus, Republicans will insist on being able to debate and study the complicated consequences of amendments that are offered. That is every Senator's right and, especially in this area, every Senator's duty.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  