 President, I rise to honor a colleague and a friend, Senator Ted Stevens, who this week becomes history's longest serving Republican member of the Senate. This is an outsized accomplishment for a man whose name is virtually synonymous with the Nation's largest State. Yet no one who ever crossed paths with Senator Stevens is surprised that he has achieved it.  The long list of things he has done for the people of Alaska in the course of a remarkable 39 years in the Senate traces an arc as vast as the State itself. His love for that State and this country is legendary. This milestone is merely an occasion to recall and retell that legend. As the Republican leader, an admirer, and a friend, I welcome it.  It is a story that takes us back to a day when transistor radios were new to the White House and construction workers had just cleared a space in the Bronx for Yankee Stadium. America was changing quickly, and Theodore Fulton Stevens would take as much of it as he could.  Born in Indianapolis, he moved to Redondo, CA, as a boy and learned to surf along the beaches of the South Bay. His pioneering spirit took him to Oregon and Montana for college and then to even more exotic places as an Army Air Corps pilot in World War II. At 19 years old, he was flying C-46 transport planes over the Himalayas and into China supporting the legendary Flying Tigers. He left the Army after achieving the rank of lieutenant and in recognition of his bravery received a Distinguished Flying Cross and an Air Medal.  A decorated war veteran in his early 20s, Ted returned to California to resume his studies and later enrolled at Harvard Law School. A consummate tough guy, the man who would one day prepare for tough legislative fights by donning ties that featured the Incredible Hulk helped pay his way through law school by tending bar and selling his own blood.  After law school, Ted showed up in Washington to practice his trade. Hemarried a girl named Ann, and together they set out on yet another adventure. With an appetite for risk and a passion for service, Ted would carve a life for himself and his young family out of the vast expanse of the Alaska territory. He would devote the rest of his life to helping people there achieve the same rights and privileges that those in the lower 48 took for granted. As a result of decades of work in the service of that goal, the name ``Ted Stevens'' would one day be synonymous with an area one-sixth the size of the entire United States.  He was there at the creation. As a young lawyer at the Department of the Interior, Ted Stevens stood over a map with President Eisenhower and traced out the borders of the 49th State. He returned there in 1961, started a law firm of his own, and soon won a seat for himself in the Alaska House of Representatives. Four years after that, Democratic Senator Bob Bartlett passed away, and on Christmas Eve, the State's Republican Governor chose Ted to replace him.  Now, Ted Stevens wasn't well known outside his home State, but curious folks in Washington could have found this brief description of him in Newsweek. Here is how they summed him up:       Stevens is a 5'6" cigar smoker who hunts moose and earned a      reputation as a scrapper in the Alaska House of      Representatives.  It was brief, but it wasn't far off. Ted didn't leave his scrappiness in Juneau. He would bring it to Washington.       A story about the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972      illustrates the point. Ted was a first term minority senator      at the time, but he was determined to find a way to get this      piece of legislation enacted into law.       The story goes that Ted was carpooling into work one      morning with the Democratic chairman who could make it      happen, and he got him to agree to a vote on his amendment      that day.       Well, the day passed without any action. They called the      bill up on the floor, and the thing went through second      reading, third reading, and then onto a final vote. No      amendment.       Ted ran right up to the Chairman and yelled at him right to      his face: ``You SOB, you promised me a vote!' Hearing the      commotion, the Democratic leader, Mike Mansfield, came over      to chastise Ted. Nobody swears in this chamber, he said.       But then Ted told Mansfield what had happened, and how      important the bill was to his State. Mansfield turned to the      chairman and asked whether the story was true. When he found      out it was, he took the bill back to a second reading,      offered the Stevens amendment in his own name, and the      amendment passed.       This was just one of the major pieces of critical      legislation Ted has fought for on behalf of Alaskans. There      have been many others. Ted never tires of fighting for the      people of Alaska. But if you ask his staff, they'll say he      just never tires.       His chief of staff, George Lowe, remembers his first trip      to Alaska with the boss. A staff assistant at the time,      George was a little taken back when he picked Ted up at 6      a.m. and the Senator had already gone through the briefing      book he'd been given the night before, already read the      papers, and already been on the phone to Washington for a      couple hours.       I needed a vacation after doing for two weeks what he'd      been doing for 39 years,' he said.       After Ann's tragic death, Ted met his beloved Catherine.      They would add a sixth child to Ted's brood, Lily, who many      of us remember running around the Senate as a little girl.       Catherine had to get used to Ted's tenacity early on. The      day after their wedding, he agreed to fill in for a colleague      on a trip to tout Reaganomics in China. She had never let him      live down that ``Honeymoon.''       As chief of staff, George says nothing's changed. He's      learned to put his Blackberry in the basement when he goes to      bed at night, or the boss would keep him up with e-mails.       Ted will tell you he works so hard because there's so much      work to do. Alaskans don't have the benefit of centuries of      infrastructure and planning that much of the rest of the      country does. Of the giant State's more than 200 villages,      only a handful had running water when Ted came to the Senate.      But largely thanks to him, roughly half of them do now.       He's tried to make sure that people on the outside      understand the challenges. And turning down an invitation to      Alaska from Ted Stevens isn't recommended if you ever expect      to appear before him at a committee hearing. An entire      generation of Federal officials has trekked up there at Ted's      invitation.       Elaine and I have spent six of the last seven July recesses      at the Kenai River King Salmon Classic and, like everybody      else who's been there, we never leave without being impressed      by two things: the magnificence of the scenery, and just how      much of Alaska's progress is a direct result of Ted Stevens.       It starts at the airport: Ted Stevens Anchorage      International. It runs through the pipeline; the land      settlement claims; the double-hulled tankers that move along      the shore; and through all the homes in the remotest reaches      of Alaska that have radio and television because of Ted. And      it continues with his epic battle to open up the Artic      National Wildlife Refuge.       `They sent me here to stand up for the State of Alaska,'      Ted once said. That's just what he's done. And Alaskans love      him for it: on March 22, 2000, the Alaska State Legislature      named Ted Stevens Alaskan of the Century.       But he's done a lot more for the rest of us besides. Thanks      to a remarkable 35-year tenure on the Appropriations      Committee, no one has done more for the U.S. military than      Ted Stevens. Never one to deny or delay materials or supplies      to troops at home or in the field, he's secured funds to      continue funding the F-117, to replace Air Force One, for      Unmanned Aerial Vehicles like the Predator and Global Hawk,      and for a replacement Coast Guard Icebreaker and the F-16      program.       He was instrumental in ensuring funds for early military      research on everything from breast cancer to AIDS.       I remember asking myself when I first arrived in the Senate      whether Stevens was ever in a good mood.       But I learned, as everyone else who knows him does, that,      like Hamlet, Ted Stevens ``speaks daggers but uses none.''      And in this, ``his tongue and his soul be hypocrites.''       Those who weren't convinced of this changed their minds      during that sad week in September 2003, when we learned about      the death of Senator Gordon Smith's son, Garrett. Senator      Smith opposed Ted on ANWR, the biggest issue of his life. And      a lesser man might have held a grudge. Yet it was Ted who      arranged to fly himself and his colleagues in the Senate to      the funeral.       They say the only way to have a friend is to be one. And      Ted's friendship with Senator Inouye, is one of the great      models of bipartisanship this building has ever known. We all      know the two men call each other brothers. But some might not      recall that Ted has actually donaTed money from his own      Political Action Committee to Senator Inouye's re-election      campaign.       How does Ted do all this?       He's always looking forward. Thirty-nine years in the      Senate, and he doesn't reminisce. He hasn't slowed down a      bit. He plays tennis and enjoys fishing. He tries to get in      an hour at the Senate gym every day. And when he says he's a      fighter, he means it: his staff assures me he still trains on      a speed bag.       When Ted got to the Senate, he had a motto: ``To hell with      the politics, do what's right for Alaska.'' Over the years,      he changed that motto, just slightly. Now it's: ``To hell      with the politics, do what's right for the Nation.'' But in      one of the most distinguished careers in the history of this      body, he's done both.       The people of Alaska and this Nation are better for having      Ted Stevens around. We'd hardly know what to do without him.      And in appreciation of his friendship and his noble service      to State and country, I honor him today for his historic      achievement and wish him many more years of good health and      service.  (Applause.)  