 President, I rise on behalf of a colleague and friend, Senator Thad Cochran. Last Tuesday, Thad cast his 10,000th vote here in the Senate, and in typical fashion, we didn't hear a whole lot about it. As Thad once told a reporter:       That is just the way I was brought up. I believe you don't      have to toot your own horn too much.  Always humble, Thad is the perfect embodiment of the southern gentleman, and the Senate is a better and more civil place because of him.  Thad's political career got off to an early start. As a teenager, he passed out campaign literature with his mom in Utica, MS. He helped his dad with voter registration drives, and a few decades later, he would make Bill and Emma Cochran proud by becoming the first Mississippi Republican in more than a century to win a statewide office--no small feat for a guy whose first job was working as a carhop at Gunn's Dairy Bar.  Thad was always a standout. An Eagle Scout, he earned varsity letters in football, basketball, baseball, and tennis and was valedictorian of his high school class. He served with distinction in a 2-year tour with the Navy. He excelled in law school and became a partner in one of Mississippi's top law firms in just 2\1/2\ years. And he served the people of the Magnolia State with distinction and grace in the U.S. Congress for 35 years.  Thad's colleagues in the Senate have seen his humility up close. The people at the Neshoba County Fair got to see it for themselves a few years back. As Thad's car pulled up, a big crowd gathered around to shake his hand. So when the passenger side door opened, they all rushed in and got a good close look at Thad's personal assistant, Fred Pagen. They didn't expect to see Thad behind the wheel, nor do a lot of other folks who have picked him up at events in DC and back home.  Thad gets a lot of special treatment. The Ten Thousandth Vote Club is sort of like the Five Hundredth Home Run Club in baseball. As you might expect, Senator Byrd is the Hank Aaron of the Senate, but Thad might get there yet, and those of us who have had the good pleasure of working with him hope that he does.  Winston Churchill once said of an enemy:       He has all the virtues I dislike and all the vices I      admire.  Mr. President, I feel the opposite about my friend, Thad Cochran. He has all the virtues I admire and none of the vices I dislike.  So I congratulate him on his many years of dedicated service and thank him for his friendship and, above all, his extraordinary example.  