 President, as I indicated earlier, I am disappointed with the majority leader's announcement that he would fill the tree, which he just did, and not allow the amendment process to perfect the farm bill. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have had all year to complete a farm bill prior to September 30, when itexpired. Yet we waited until now, 2 months after the law's expiration, to bring it to the floor. Now we are told by the majority there is too much to do in this final 2 weeks for us to have an open and fair debate on the farm bill. It is another unfortunate example of mismanagement of this Congress.  Furthermore, filling the tree and shutting out amendments is not consistent with previous statements by the majority on this bill. For example, yesterday, Chairman Harkin reported the farm bill debate would be ``wide open as usual in the Senate.'' The majority leader's own spokesman expected an open debate when he said:       The farm bill is the last truly amendable vehicle moving      through the Senate this calendar year.  But the majority leader's words and actions seem to be exactly contradictory to this promised wide-open process, stating unequivocally yesterday afternoon that we are not going to have an open amendment process on this bill, and he has confirmed that, as we all know, again this morning.  Unfortunately, we have been down this road before. Almost at the inception of the last farm bill debate, as I was describing earlier, then-Majority Leader Daschle filed cloture in an attempt to similarly limit amendments. After only 2 days of debate and only six amendments, a cloture vote occurred on December 13, 2001, even a little bit later in the calendar year than we are in now. Not surprisingly, the cloture motion failed 53 to 45.  Similar to a bird continuing to slam into a paned-glass window, we had a second cloture vote on December 18, 2001, getting close to Christmas, with a similar vote of 54 to 43. Again, on December 19, 1 day closer to Christmas, in 2001. Not surprisingly, the contentious debate took up most of December.  However, after the majority finally agreed to open the amendment process, something that will ultimately be done here, in my view, the farm bill returned to the floor on February 6, 2002, no further cloture votes were necessary, and final passage occurred fairly quickly about a week later.  Let's not beat our head against a wall again this time. One of my favorite old sayings from rural Kentucky is: There is no education in the second kick of a mule. Our Nation's farmers are too important to wait until February.  Finally, look at the farm bill sitting on the desk in front of me. I held it up a while ago. It is quite thick. Reported by the committee less than 2 weeks ago, it totals 1,600 pages. Is the other side of the aisle suggesting this behemoth of a bill cannot be improved by an open amendment process? Surely, that is not the suggestion being made.  I am surprised and disappointed we are in the position we are in. This is not the way the Senate likely will be allowed to work on a very large bill that we only address every 5 years. It is not going to be rubberstamped by fiat.  I am dismayed by the attempt of the majority to ramrod this bill through, especially since the ink on 1,600 pages is barely dry and the administration claims it contains $37 billion in new budget gimmicks and new taxes.  Let's have a fair, open debate. Believe me, I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, that is the way you get a farm bill completed. Our farmers and rural communities deserve no less and, hopefully, we can get back at the posture we ought to be in on this bill in the very near future.  I yield the floor.  