 President, my good friend the majority leader and I frequently are on opposite sides of issues and fighting to a draw occasionally. But on the matter we are dealing with tonight, both of us desire the same result, which is to get a bipartisan immigration bill that would be an improvement over the disastrous status quo we have on this important issue in America today. The utility, however, of a great many cloture votes, particularly when you don't succeed, is that it doesn't produce results.  I had indicated to my good friend the majority leader at the beginning of this debate that we needed--``we'' meaning this side of the aisle--to have roughly the same number of Republican rollcall votes on this bill this year that we had the last time we brought it up. Now I think we were very close to getting there. My advice to my good friend on the other side was to not have this vote we just had tonight. I didn't believe I could support cloture at this point, although I certainly could at some point, provided we had enough votes on the amendments for which there was a demand on our side of the aisle. But we were not there yet. We could have finished this bill in a couple of more days, in my judgment.  Frankly, we have had too many cloture votes this year to get successful results. This is the 37th cloture vote we have had this year. By this point in the 109th Congress, we had had 13. By this point in the 108th Congress, we had had nine. By this point in the 107th Congress, we had had two. So my suggestion on a bill like this which does enjoy bipartisan support is to meet the threshold of acceptability, to get enough support over here to get to final passage.  I think we are giving up on this bill too soon. I like what I think I heard the majority leader say, that he doesn't want to give up on it either. I think we are within a few days of getting to the end of what many would applaud as an important bipartisan accomplishment of this Congress. I encourage the majority leader to return to this issue in the near future. I doubt if the prospects will get better with the passage of time. There are a number of Republicans who are prepared to vote for cloture as soon as they believe their colleagues on this side of the aisle have had a reasonable opportunity to have offered and voted upon amendments they think would improve the bill. I don't think that is asking for too much.  I would be happy to commit tonight to the majority leader to continue to work with him to try to finish this bill at the earliest possible time. Obviously, it is his decision to decide when we go back to it. My advice would be to do that sometime soon. In the meantime, we will still be working with people on this side of the aisle to try to winnow down the number of amendments that really seem to need a rollcall vote and be prepared to try to work on this again at whatever point the majority leader decides to return to the measure.  I yield the floor.  