 President, yesterday the Director of National Intelligence came to Capitol Hill and implored Congress once again to modernize the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. He was echoing the warnings of the entire intelligence community, which has told us that current law--current law--prevents us from collecting a significant amount of intelligence that could be vital in protecting us from another terrorist attack.  The latest National Intelligence Estimate makes clear that the greatest terrorist threat to the United States is al-Qaida. Their intent to attack us is undiminished since 9/11. They have gained recruits and strength in the Middle East. They continue to adapt and improve their capabilities, and we must continue to adapt and improve our ability to swiftly detect their movements and their plots.  One of the most effective tools we have had in doing this over the last 6 years is our electronic surveillance program. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act gives us the legal framework for monitoring terrorists electronically without impinging on the civil liberties of Americans. But the law is badly out of date.  Since FISA was enacted, sweeping advances in technology have upset the balance that Congress struck in 1978, and the law that was written to protect Americans while ensnaring terrorists must be changed as well.  The targeting of a foreign terrorist overseas should not require a FISA warrant. That was never the intention of the original legislation. Yet this is what the law, as written, currently requires. The intelligence community has told us they are hamstrung by the existing law, and in a significant number of cases, our intelligence professionals are in the unfortunate position of having to obtain court orders to collect foreign intelligence concerning foreign targets located overseas.  The facts here are not in dispute. Our Nation faces an alarming intelligence gap, a situation in which the intelligence community every day is missing--missing--a significant portion of what we should be getting in order to protect the American people here at home. We should not adjourn until we have closed this gap. We must act quickly in a bipartisan manner and let the appropriate committees come back and review FISA and other matters related to the legislation in a more comprehensive manner.  We should not return in September knowing that we have failed in our duty, and we pray that we don't have cause to regret our inaction. Let there be no doubt: If we had the foresight in August of 2001 to enact a law that would have exposed the plot that was being hatched against us then, the vote to approve that law would have been cast unanimously and without hesitation--unanimously and without hesitation. None of us would have shrunk from that duty. Six years later, the duty remains.  There is little we can do in the Senate from day to day that can immediately and decisively improve the security of this country. But by passing a FISA modernization bill that the President can sign before we go home for recess, we will have done just that. We need to act on this legislation now. We should not adjourn until we have closed this gap, until we have fixed this outdated law.  I yield the floor.  