 President, if this were to be allowed, this would be the second bill in a row where no amendments would have been offered to a 49-member Republican minority. I have been here a couple of decades now, and I am having a hard time recalling a situation such as this. This is the kind of thing Senator Byrd would get on his feet and decry as inappropriate in a body that thrives on debate and resolution. It is astonishing to me that it is being suggested, on the single biggest issue confronting the American people, that we would have 1 choice, dictated by a Democratic majority of 51 in a body of 100. That is simply unacceptable to this side of the aisle.  I think the message here from this discussion this morning is that the majority leader and myself ought to sit down, work out a consent agreement, a reasonable consent agreement to both sides, and structure the debate for our return.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?  Mr. McCONNELL. I will yield to the Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, is the minority leader aware of the content of the measure that is proposed by myself, Senator Lieberman, Senator Graham, and others? What it is, is a proposal to set up benchmarks but also to support the surge or the change in strategy.  Can the Republican leader explain to me why it is we shouldn't have a proposal that opposes the surge, with a vote on that, and a proposal that supports it and a vote on that?  I have only been around here 20 years, not nearly as long as Senator Byrd has, whom Senator McConnell referred to, but aren't we allowed to have competing resolutions to debate, with time agreements, such as the minority leader proposed? Why in the world would we not agree to a resolution that would be in opposition to the resolution the majority leader insists on voting on by itself? I have never seen the Senate work this way. I have never seen the Senate only allow one proposal to be debated and voted on. We have a proposal that we think deserves debate and votes.  I ask the Senator from Kentucky, who has been here longer than I have been, if he has ever seen anything quite like this on a major, compelling, overwhelming issue before the American people?  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I would say to my friend from Arizona that I am as astonished as he is.  This side was willing, after considerable discussion back and forth, to go down to one alternative, and the Senator from Arizona graciously agreed that his would not be the one, that we would offer the Gregg amendment. Even that was an astonishing concession on the part of the minority, an astonishing concession on the part of the minority to a rather narrow majority to get the debate going. The vote we had a week or so ago was to continue the debate.  The message is clear: The majority can gridlock the Senate over this issue with its insistence there be no choices or the majority leader and I can sit down and do what we should do, which is to reach a reasonable consent agreement for the consideration of alternatives on the single biggest issue confronting America today.  