 President, the clock is about to run on the 2007 congressional calendar. Our Democratic colleagues are about to show us once again how we can snatch defeat from the jaws of victory, all because they insist on raising taxes.  This time, the majority was on the verge of a real achievement with a bill that would increase the fuel efficiency standard for the first time in years, increase our use of clean, renewable fuels. They had a major accomplishment in their grasp, so why not take ``yes'' for an answer?  Unfortunately, as on so many bills, they simply could not bring themselves to take the accomplishment without inserting an enormous tax hike--a tax hike that they knew would doom this legislation, that they knew would never be signed into law.  There should be absolutely no question about who or what is responsible for the failure of this bill. We have been very clear that the twin millstones of the utility rate increases--the RPS provision and the massive tax hikes--would sink the bill. There was no ambiguity about it whatsoever. The majority had a week to remove them, and they took a good step this week when they agreed to remove one of the millstones but, inexplicably, they made the other milestone--the tax hike--even bigger. If the twin milestones were removed, this important bill would pass Congress this week--would pass the Senate in 2 days--and be signed into law.  By voting for this bill as written, it is a vote for a bill that will not become law. Voting for this bill as written is a vote for a bill that will not become law. Worse than that, it is a vote to block the rest of the Energy bill. It is a vote to block historic increases in fuel economy and an increase in renewable fuels.  The majority seems determined to accomplish little this year, and they have helped ensure that with this bill. I believe it is time to quit playing games, get serious, and get rid of the veto bait so this legislation can become law.  Make no mistake, if cloture is invoked with this massive tax hike still attached, it will have killed this bill. The majority will have traded an accomplishment for a tax hike and a veto.  I strongly urge a vote against this $22 billion tax hike by opposing cloture, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.  I yield the floor.  