Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit.  Mr. Speaker, the motion to recommit allows for the production of cloned embryos for the development of treatments designed to address a number of diseases. We just voted this down. This is a reworded Greenwood substitute amendment.  The motion to recommit would allow the practice of creating human embryos solely for the purpose of destroying them for experimentation. This approach to prohibit human cloning would be ineffective and unenforceable.  Once cloned embryos were produced and available in laboratories, it would be virtually impossible to control what is done with them. Stockpiles of cloned embryos would be produced, bought and sold without anyone knowing about it. Implantation of cloned embryos into a woman's uterus, a relatively easy procedure, would take place out of sight. At that point, governmental attempts to enforce a reproductive cloning ban would prove impossible to police or regulate.  Creating cloned human children necessarily begins by producing cloned human embryos. If we want to prevent the latter, we should prevent the former.  The gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren) says that cloned embryos are necessary to prevent rejection during transplantation for diseases. That is not what the testimony before the Committee on the Judiciary says. Dr. Leon Kass, professor of bioethics at the University of Chicago, said that the clone is not an exact copy of the nucleus donor, and that its antigens, therefore, would provoke an immune reaction when transplanted and there still would be the problem of immunological rejection that cloning is said to be indispensable for solving. So the very argument in her amendment was refuted by Professor Kass's testimony.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2505, by banning human cloning at any stage of development, provides the most effective protection from the dangers of abuse inherent in this rapidly developing field. By preventing the cloning of human embryos, there can be no possibility of cloning a human being.  The bill specifically states that nothing shall restrict areas of scientific research not specifically prohibited by this bill, including research in the use of nuclear transfer or other cloning techniques to produce molecules, DNA, cells other than human embryos, tissues, organs, plants or animals, other than humans.  Mr. Speaker, this bill is a cloning bill; it is not a stem cell research bill. The scientific research is already preserved by H.R. 2505, which is the only real proposal before us that will prevent human cloning.  Oppose the motion to recommit; pass the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion to recommit.  The previous question was ordered.  