 Madam Speaker, since September 11, we have learned how deeply vulnerable our immigration system is to exploitation by aliens who wish to harm Americans. H.R. 3525 makes needed changes to our immigration laws to fight terrorism and to prevent such exploitation.  I will outline some of the bill's most significant provisions. Most importantly, by October 2003, this bill requires the Attorney General and the Secretary of State to issue machine readable, tamper-resistant visas that use standardized biometric identifiers. This will allow immigration inspectors to determine whether a visa properly identifies the visa holder.  Similarly, aliens seeking to enter the United States under the visa waiver program with passports issued after October 2003 must possess tamper-resistant, machine readable passports with standardized biometric identifiers. The bill also requires the Attorney General to enter into a data system the identification numbers of stolen U.S. and foreign passports. Our military recently found blank European and United States passports in the caves of Afghanistan after the al Qaeda terrorists fled. We must ensure that passports and other documents presented to our inspectors are not counterfeit and are being used by the aliens to whom they were issued.  The bill directs our law enforcement agencies and intelligence community to share information with the State Department and the INS relevant to the admissibility and deportability of aliens. This will result in lookout lists that are much more thorough and will do more to prevent bad actors from obtaining U.S. visas or entering the United States.  As the Border Patrol succeeds in controlling the border, more aliens take a chance at ports of entry, placing a strain on the limited staff of immigration service inspectors. Likewise, INS investigative resource needs have long been neglected. This bill helps fill these critical gaps. H.R. 3525 authorizes appropriation to hire at least 200 full-time INS inspectors, and at least 200 full-time INS investigators.  Another long-standing problem at the INS is the low pay for Border Patrol agents and INS inspectors. This has led many trained Border Patrol agents and inspectors to leave the INS for other law enforcement agencies offering better pay, such as the Air Marshals. Former Border Patrol agents make up 75 percent of the first Air Marshals class. H.R. 3525 authorizes appropriations to increase the pay of Border Patrol agents and inspectors in order to help the INS retain its best people.  The bill requires the Secretary of State to give special training to all Consular officers in effective screening of visa applicants who pose a potential threat to the safety or security of the United States. The bill also requires a higher level of scrutiny of aliens from countries that sponsor international terrorism before nonimmigrant visas are issued. It requires Consular officers issuing visas to provide the INS an electronic version of the alien's visa file to ensure that the visa file data is available to immigration inspectors at U.S. ports of entry before the arrival of the alien at the port.  The bill strengthens the foreign student tracking system by requiring thatit track the acceptance of aliens by educational institutions, the issuance of visas to aliens, the admission into the United States of the aliens, the notification of education institution of the admission of aliens slated to attend them, and the enrollment of aliens at the institutions.  Finally, the bill requires the State Department to keep visa applications, whether granted or denied, on file for 7 years, so that the government can determine whether an alien sought a visa in the past, what type of visa and whether the visa was granted or denied. The bill fills many gaps in our current immigration law enforcement system. We must put these essential tools into the hands of our law enforcement agents.  I urge my colleagues to pass this legislation.  Let me publicly thank everybody who has worked on this bill, particularly Senators Kennedy, Feinstein, Brownback and Kyl, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee), and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Gekas), and the staffs on both the Senate and House sides.  Let me also say that it is my regret that, because of jurisdictional problems, we cannot deal with giving the Customs Service more personnel to help them do their jobs at the border, and it is my hope that the Committee on Ways and Means will promptly pass legislation to fill this hole.  I also regret that we are not able to provide in this legislation a requirement that manifests of arriving and departing airplanes and vessels be filed with the immigration service so that visa numbers can be matched, so the INS particularly, for arriving airplanes and vessels, will be tipped off on who is on board them. It is my hope the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will deal with this issue promptly in other legislation.  Again, this is a good bill. It is a bill that is sorely needed. I urge Members to support it.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  