Speaker, we have heard a lot of complaints about process from the other side of the aisle and a lot of those complaints are really misdirected.  First, the bill that will be considered as the text, once we get to it, has been out there for over a week. It is the text that was introduced in the Senate by the Democratic leader of the Senate, the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Daschle). A version of the bill passed the Senate last night by a vote of 96-1, with only one Senator voting against it. So no one should be surprised at what was in the text of the Senate-passed bill.  The difference between the Senate-passed bill and what I hope we will be considering after this rule passes is that the negotiations over the last 48 hours have taken provisions in the Senate-passed bill out, and they will not be considered in the context of the substitute amendment that is contained in this self-executing rule. What has been placed into the Senate-passed bill were ideas that were either adopted by the Committee on the Judiciary when we marked up H.R. 2975 or modifications that were suggested by both majority party members and minority party members. So there should be no surprise because those modifications have been suggested and shared with both sides of the aisle on the committee.  Given the fact that we are really not dealing with new ideas here and we are dealing with ideas that have been out on the table for at least a week, either in this body or the other body, the question comes, when are we going to vote on an antiterrorism bill? This rule allows us to vote on the antiterrorism bill today, like the other body voted on the antiterrorism bill last night.  We should get on with the legislative process. We should get this legislation through the Congress and on the President's desk as soon as possible so that law enforcement will have the tools to track down those that are planning future acts of terrorism in the United States and to keep them off balance. The time to vote is now, and the way to get us to a vote is by voting for this rule.  