Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, today we have the duty and privilege to pass this historic legislation, the USA-PATRIOT Act of 2001, which was born of adversity and violent attack. This landmark legislation will provide law enforcement and intelligence agencies additional tools that are needed to address the threat of terrorism and to find and prosecute terrorist criminals.  This legislation authorizes the sharing of information between criminal investigators and those engaged in foreign intelligence-gathering. It provides for enhanced wiretap and surveillance authority. It brings the basic building blocks of a criminal investigation, pen registers and trap and trace provisions, into the 21st century to deal with e-mails and Internet communications.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation is the result of bipartisan consultation and review. A version of this legislation was passed by the House Committee on the Judiciary 36 to nothing. The House then passed H.R. 2975 by a vote of 337 to 79. The House and Senate Judiciary Committees and the bipartisan leadership began a process last week to reconcile the differences between the House and Senate bills. This bill is the result of that process and was completed despite the closure of House and Senate offices due to the anthrax attack on the Capitol.  The changes to the bill are few, but significant. First, the sunset provision in the House bill was modified to sunset in 4 years. Provisions of the original version expired in 5 years, and the Senate did not have a sunset provision at all. Also, the Senate bill contained revisions to the so-called McDade law. This compromise version does not contain those changes, and I agreed to review this subject in a different context.  This bill also contains comprehensive money laundering provisions that will be discussed by my colleagues from the Committee on Financial Services. The House bill did not contain such provisions, although the House subsequently passed a separate bill.  Regarding the information-sharing provisions, the Senate bill permitted law enforcement to share grand jury material with intelligence agencies without notice to a court. The House bill permitted such sharing only after prior authorization to the court. This bill allows the sharing of grand jury material, but the Department of Justice must give notice to the court after the disclosure.  The legislation also contains a provision found in neither the House nor the Senate version, but directs the Department of Justice to file an ex parte and in camera notice with the court when the Government installs on an Internet Service Provider a device pursuant to a lawful pen register or trap and trace order. This provision's author is the esteemed majority leader, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Armey).  This legislation also contains a number of provisions, including three authored by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) and one by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Keller), which were in the House Committee on the Judiciary version of the bill, but not in the version passed on the floor. This bill also contains a number of provisions that have been worked out on both sides of the aisle in the other body.  Regarding the bill's immigration provisions, the compromise legislation allows the Attorney General to delegate only to the Deputy Attorney General the ability to certify an alien as a terrorist. The House Committee on the Judiciary version of this bill contained this provision, but the Senate-passed bill did not, but allows such delegation to the Commissioner of the Immigration and Naturalization Service. In addition, the compromise requires the Attorney General to revisit every 6 months the detention of an alien who has been certified as an alien terrorist. The compromise also adds a provision authorizing the appropriation of over $36 million to implement as quickly as possible the foreign student tracking system that was created in 1996. Finally, this legislation contains important humanitarian relief originally contained in the House bill, but not the Senate version, for the families of immigrants killed in the terrorist attacks of September 11.  Mr. Speaker, this legislation is not perfect, and the process is not one that all will embrace. However, these are difficult times that require steadfast leadership and an expeditious response. The legislation is desperately needed, and the President has called on Congress to pass it now. I urge all Members to support this important antiterrorism legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  