Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1022, which amends the flag code to make sure that the rules of etiquette for flying the flag of the United States do not preclude the flying of flags at half mast when ordered by city and local officials. This is an omission in the current flag code.  On June 28, 2001, the Corrections Day Advisory Group met and recommended that H.R. 1022 be placed upon the Corrections Calendar and the Judiciary Committee passed it by voice vote on November 15.  Unfortunately, as of late, we have had increased occasion to visit the rules and etiquette in place for the honoring of public servants. Although at the time which Mr. Doolittle of California introduced H.R. 1022 the calamity of September 11 was far off, the content of this legislation rings more loudly after the events of that day, and affords Congress an opportunity to visit the laws involving recognition of those who provide public service to us all.  Currently, under the Flag Code, authority is granted only to the President of the United States or the Governor of any State, territory, or possession to order that the national flag be flown at half staff in recognition of the death of a current or former official of the government, including public safety officers.  Under this existing law, in the event of the death of a local official who is chosen to be honored by having the national flag lowered, direct permission must be sought by local officials from either the President or their Governor. The result of the current practice is a chain of communication which is not always timely and can result in the missed opportunity to honor some of these deceased public servants.  By passing H.R. 1022 today, we can solve this problem by granting authority directly to the locally elected leaders to call for and approve such recognition. Immediate authorization will be granted at the local level, ensuring that no local hero passes without the community support and recognition which he or she deserves. I urge all Members to support H.R. 1022.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  