Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment in the nature of a substitute by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Watt). And so that the membership is clear what the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Watt) is trying to do, I would like to read his proposed constitutional amendment: ``Not inconsistent with the first article of amendment to this constitution, the Congress shall have the power to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States.''  Now, the only difference between the substitute of the gentleman from North Carolina and House Joint Resolution 36 is the phrase ``not inconsistent with the first article of amendment to this constitution.'' What the substitute does is to punt this issue right back to the Supreme Court of the United States, because the Court twice, in a 5 to 4 decision in the Johnson and Eichman cases, allowed flag desecration based on first amendment grounds.  This is kind of a not-so-subtle way of saying that the Supreme Court was right, because if we send this whole issue back to the Supreme Court, they will use the precedent that they established in 1989 and 1990 as controlling and allow flag desecration to go on. But I think there is a greater issue involved than just the issue of whether or not the Constitution should be amended to prohibit flag desecration, and that is whether or not this House of Representatives should go along with unraveling the elaborate system of checks and balances put into our Constitution by the framers in order to prevent one branch of government from becoming too powerful.  As I said during the general debate, Mr. Speaker, the amendment procedure for the Constitution of the United States was, in part, designed to prevent the courts from becoming too powerful. Three of the 17 amendments that were proposed following the Bill of Rights, and ratified by the States, overturned court decisions that were determined not to be good law by the Congress and by three-quarters of the State legislatures.  Now, if the gentleman from North Carolina and the supporters of his amendment want to toss this matter back to the courts, then just defeat the amendment that we are debating today. Because that will mean that the court decisions in Johnson and Eichman will be the controlling law until the Supreme Court changes its mind and either overrules or modifies its decisions.  I believe that the House of Representatives today should hit this issue head on. If my colleagues do not want a constitutional amendment to protect the flag from physical desecration, then vote it down on the merits on the floor, but do not put this House on record saying that if we agree with the Supreme Court decision then we shouldamend the Constitution in order to ratify that Supreme Court decision, because that is what the substitute offered by the gentleman from North Carolina does.  Vote down the Watt substitute, pass the original amendment that has been reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  