Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, this is the latest step in a long process to attempt to pass a bill and send to the President a bill that is vitally needed. It is vitally needed by our law enforcement officials who are fighting the battle at home. We do not know how this battle will be fought. We do not know what tactics the enemy will take. We do not know what agents the enemy will use.  What we need is we need to get the intelligence necessary to protect the people of the United States of America from whatever the enemy has up its sleeve.  The Committee on the Judiciary did marvelous work. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers) was a joy to work with, as were all of the other members of the committee when we reported the bill out 36 to nothing. The other body did not have committee consideration. They took their bill directly to the floor and passed it 96 to one.  What we have before us here today is the result of a preconference that had bipartisan and bicameral participation. Wednesday of last week there was a meeting presided over by our distinguish Speaker, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert). In attendance were the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Armey), the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt), the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank) representing the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), myself on the House side, and Senators Daschle, Lott, Leahy, and Hatch representing the Senate leadership and the chairman and ranking minority membership of the Committee on the Judiciary.  The issues and disagreement between the House and the Senate were thrashed out thoroughly. I can tell the membership tonight that the bill that is before us tonight is better than the bill which was passed on October 12 by a vote of 337 to 79. We were able to get a shorter sunset. We were able to include money laundering provisions which were not in our bill because of jurisdictional problems, but which were in the bill passed by the other body and language was passed by us last week as a result of the efforts of the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Oxley) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce).  Mr. Speaker, this is not a perfect bill. I do not think we can get a perfect bill given the conflicting issues that are before us; but none of the changes are new in the legislation that is before us compared to either the Committee on Financial Services bill of last week and the Committee on the Judiciary bill of October 12. There is no surprise in any of these issues. This is a bill that is vitally needed. The President has called for it. The Attorney General has called for it, and we should not delay in passing it.  