Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, after 3 hours of debate, I am glad that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood) has finally cleared up one of the principal items we have been debating. He said the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Weldon) did not bring a bill to the floor to ban stem cell research.  He is right. The Weldon bill does not ban stem cell research. It does not ban it on adult stem cells, it does not ban it on embryonic stem cells, it bans it on cloned stem cells.  This bill is a cloning bill. The substitute amendment is not. It will allow the creation of cloned embryos to be regulated and sold, and once a cloned embryo is implanted into the uterus of a woman and develops into a child, there really is not anything anybody can do about it. So the Weldon substitute has a loophole a mile wide to allow the creation of cloned human beings because they cannot keep track of the cloned embryos that the Weldon bill attempts to regulate. That is the fatal flaw of the Greenwood substitute.  We heard quotes from three of our colleagues 5 years ago when we were debating a Labor-Health and Human Services bill. I have those quotes in front of me. The gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi) said, ``I agree with our colleagues who say we should not be involved in the creation of embryos for research.''  The gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey) said, ``No embryos will be created for research purposes.''  And the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Mrs. Johnson) said, ``Lifting this ban would not allow for the creation of human embryos solely for research purposes.''  They were right 5 years ago. We should not be using cloned human embryos for research purposes. I ask Members to vote with them the way they voted 5 years ago and to adhere to that position, because if we do allow cloned human embryos to be used for research purposes, some of them will eventually become human beings.  Mr. Speaker, the way to stop the slippery slope, going down this road into the ethical and moral abyss, is to reject the loophole-filled Greenwood substitute and pass the Weldon bill.  