Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 41, the tax limitation amendment, which was introduced by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions) and ordered reported by the Committee on Judiciary on April 4. This important legislation would amend the Constitution by requiring a two-thirds majority vote by Congress for any bill that increases the internal revenue by more than a de minimis amount.  The effect of this amendment would not preclude Congress from amending the internal revenue laws so long as the change in the law did not increase revenue by more than a de minimis amount. For example, a bill that both lowered and increased taxes, if it were revenue neutral would not be subject to the two-thirds requirement, nor would it would a bill intended to raise revenue by reducing taxes.  In addition, the two-thirds majority requirement would be waived when a declaration of war is in effect or when both Houses of Congress pass a resolution which becomes law stating that the United States is engaged in military conflict which causes an imminent and serious threat to national security.  Mr. Speaker, 15 States have adopted similar tax limitation amendments. According to statistics provided by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, these States have benefited from greater rates of increased employment, greater economic growth, decreased government spending, and decreased rates of tax growth.  Although similar amendments have been unsuccessfully considered by the House over the past few years, the need for tax reform has never been greater. According to the Congressional Budget Office, with the exception of 1942, the overall amount of individual income tax revenues is a higher percentage of our gross domestic product than any other time in our history.  The bottom line is the taxes today are too high. Federal, State, and local taxes consume about 40 percent of the income of the average family. That is more than the average family spends on food, clothing, and shelter combined.  As Congress debates meaningful tax relief for the American people, it is also important to recognize that Congress's voracious appetite for spending still endures. That is why I think it is more important than ever for this Congress to reconsider and support a measure that will make it more difficult for Congress to raise taxes in the future.  Inevitably, there will come a time when Congress wishes to spend more but will not have budget surpluses to rely upon. There will be many who will argue that, in order for Congress to spend more from here in Washington, D.C., we will need to take more from the hard-working citizens across our great Nation.  However, I believe this is the wrong approach, and there is another way to meet our Nation's priorities. That is by taking our bill and reducing wasteful spending, ferreting out fraud and eliminating ineffective programs. Raising taxes should be a last-ditch option and should occur only after careful consideration with broad consensus.  Mr. Speaker, a constitutional amendment is a big step; but I believe our history of tax hikes illustrates that, in this case, it is necessary and an important step that will bring needed discipline to Congress and relief to America's people.  I urge the passage of this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  