Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds.  I agree we ought to talk about abortion when an abortion bill comes up. You are not hearing about abortion from this side of the aisle. The other side of the aisle is bringing up the issue of abortion.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the distinguished majority whip.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have to agree with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner). This has become an abortion debate because the other side of the aisle has made it such. They are so extreme and so afraid that they would lose their right to have an abortion, that they would even deny those unborn children that are killed by crime the rights that are due every other citizen in this country.  Mr. Speaker, Members should support this bill and oppose the Lofgren amendment because it fails to acknowledge when unborn children are killed, they have been murdered. Life and death should not be subsumed beneath some semantic fog. It is time that our society begin recognizing and defending both victims who are harmed when violent criminals attack pregnant women. Those who would artificially discriminate between lives lost to crime within and outside the womb draw empty and callous distinctions. All life is precious. Society must protect every victim of crime.  Mr. Speaker, current Federal law devalues and denies significance to unborn children. This destructive precedence has two unfortunate consequences. First, current law accrues to the benefit of the murderous thugs who destroy the lives of unborn children. These criminals are not forced to atone for the young life that they have destroyed.  Second, by denying a legal identity to unborn victims, we create a society that is coarser, less feeling and less than it would otherwise be. The law must not look upon a violent criminal's unborn victim with an indifferent eye. Every young life must be acknowledged. Every young life must be protected from predatory criminals.  Of course society through manners and custom have always deferred to the care and comfort of pregnant women, but we would be callously deceived if we limited our heightened attention merely to the woman's physical condition without acknowledging a vital predicate. It is precisely because a woman carries the miracle of life within her that she becomes the most precious and treasured member of society. It is because two lives exist together that society seeks to protect the woman. And the law must protect both lives. The law cannot remain blind on this point.  Mr. Speaker, let us take the logic underlying the opposition to this bill and apply it to the case of an elderly victim. It would be a truly repugnant idea to suggest that criminals should serve diminished sentences if they preyed on elderly victims with only a few years left to live. Fortunately, society does not draw this ugly distinction. We value and protect life until a person draws their final breath. It is intrinsically flawed reasoning leading to an equally gross injustice to deny explicit protection to an unborn person who is months, weeks, or even days from breathing his or her first breath.  Society must extend the protection of a law to every vulnerable victim. The mothers of these murdered children see these crimes with the proper perceptive. In an all-too-common set of horrible circumstances, the criminal's unborn victim is actually the primary target when a murderer stalks a pregnant woman. Under current law, when an unborn victim is murdered, in the eyes of society, no one has died. That has to change in our society.  Mr. Speaker, it is time to end this awful and unconscionable oversight. This bill extends protection to every vulnerable victim in America. Support this bill so that society will acknowledge and defend every vulnerable American.  