Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1914.  Without question, the family farmer has always played and continues to play a critical role in our Nation's economic health and well-being. Unfortunately, bad weather, rising energy costs, volatile marketplace conditions, competition from large agribusinesses, and the economic forces experienced by any small business affect the financial stability of some family farmers.  In response to the special needs of small family farmers in financial distress, our bankruptcy laws offer a particularized form of bankruptcy relief available only to these individuals and businesses. Typically referred to as chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code, this form of bankruptcy relief was enacted on a temporary basis as a part of the Bankruptcy Judges, United States Trustees and Family Farmers Bankruptcy Act of 1986. That has subsequently been extended on several occasions, most recently on February 28 of this year, and the extension expired on June 1.  While statistically chapter 12 is utilized rarely; in fact, less than 250 chapter 12 cases were filed in the 12-month period ending March 31, 2001, its availability is crucial to family farmers. Absent chapter 12, family farmers would be forced to file for bankruptcy relief under the code's other alternatives. None of these forms of bankruptcy relief, however, work quite as well for farmers as chapter 12. Chapter 7, for example, would require a farmer to sell the farm and to pay the claims of the creditors. With respect to chapter 13, many farmers would simply be ineligible to file under that form of bankruptcy relief because of its debt limits. Chapter 11 is an expensive and often time-consuming process that does not readily accommodate the special needs of farmers.  By virtue of H.R. 1914, chapter 12 will be reenacted retroactive to June 1 of this year and extended for 4 months through October 1, 2001. It is, however, important to note that H.R. 333, the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2001, which the House passed by an overwhelming majority earlier this spring and its Senate counterpart, which the other body also passed by a substantial margin, would make chapter 12 a permanent fixture of the Bankruptcy Code for family farmers. It is my sincere hope that in the very near future, we will be able to proceed to conference on pending House and Senate bankruptcy legislation and to present a conference report for approval by both Houses. In the meantime, I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1914.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  