 Madam Speaker, during the last half of the 20th century, Congress has expanded the criminal code almost exponentially. According to a study conducted by the Task Force on Federalization of Criminal Law of the Criminal Section of the American Bar Association, more than 40 percent of the Federal criminal provisions enacted since the Civil War have been enacted since 1970. In addition to the increased responsibility placed on Federal law enforcement agencies, this explosion of lawmaking has resulted in the enactment of numerous technical mistakes which litter the criminal code. This legislation corrects those mistakes.  Specifically, H.R. 2137 makes over 60 separate technical changes to various criminal statutes by correcting missing and incorrect words, margins, punctuation, redundancies, outmoded fine amounts, cross references, and other technical and clerical errors.  Madam Speaker, this is not a glamorous bill. No one will issue a press release about its passage or will make it a plank in one's reelection. But it is important work. Correcting mistakes in the criminal code is important to the thousands of Assistant U.S. Attorneys and Federal law enforcement officials throughout the Nation who rely on the accuracy of the criminal code on a daily basis. No longer will they have to rely on an editor's footnote to guess Congress' true intentions. Furthermore, the placement of a comma is not always trivial. The Supreme Court has reviewed cases because of confusion over Congress' grammatical mistakes, including the mistake in placement of a comma.  Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the three cosponsors of this legislation: the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), the ranking minority member of the committee; the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime; and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the ranking minority member of the Subcommittee on Crime.  I would also like to recognize the staff of the Office of Legislative Counsel and Law Revision Counsel who, along with majority and minority staff, spent hours going through each minor change.  I urge Members to support this bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  