Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is to make sure that health care coverage is more available and affordable to all Americans.  These medical malpractice reform provisions will benefit the American people by limiting costs to doctors, hospitals, and other health care providers, which in turn will improve access to affordable health care insurance for all. Unfortunately, the current medical malpractice litigation is a wealth redistribution lottery that benefits trial lawyers, instead of an efficient system designed to fairly compensate those injured by the wrongful acts of others.  Medical malpractice lawyers often simply target the perceived deep pockets of doctors, hospitals and insurance companies. In many cases, defendants know a lawsuit would not succeed on its merits, but agree to settle out of court just to avoid the endless and expensive legal process. In the end, the lawyers often walk away with as much money as the plaintiff. This injustice raises the price of health care, causes unwarranted personal anguish and unfairly damages reputations.  Doctors and hospitals should be held responsible for truly negligent behavior resulting in actual harm. But a system that perpetuates the concept of joint and several liability has no effective mechanism, such as the cap on noneconomic damages, to deter frivolous lawsuits is simply not just.  America is the only country in the world that provides unlimited compensation for noneconomic damages. Of course, noneconomic damages are separate from and do not include payment for medical costs, lost wages and other out-of-pocket expenses. Therefore, a cap on noneconomic damages would not in any way limit the amount of money an injured plaintiff could receive for their hospital costs, doctor bills, other medical expenses, and lost wages.  Malpractice insurance is expensive because many of the claims brought against doctors and other health care providers are lengthy and frivolous. In the year 2000, the average medical malpractice claim took more than 5 years to settle. Statistics also show that 80 percent of all medical malpractice claims do not even involve a negligent adverse event to the plaintiff. Furthermore, only one out of six plaintiffs who receive compensation from these claims present any evidence of negligent medical injury.  We also have the ever more prevalent problem of doctors practicing defensive medicine. Many doctors are ordering unnecessary and costly medical tests and procedures solely to insulate themselves from potential lawsuit and not for the medical benefit of their patients. For example, conservative estimates predict that with effective medical malpractice tort reform, $600 million a year would be saved in Medicare payments in just the area of treating cardiac disease.  Let me be perfectly clear about who benefits from our current health care liability system: the trial lawyers in America, who continue to line their pockets with each outrageous verdict or settlement. Congress' concern should be helping improve America's health care system, not helping the trial lawyers purchase fancier homes, cars, boats, and country club membership.  This amendment is clearly needed if we are going to make a definitive step today to improve the health care system. The AMA supporters of the Ganske-Dingell patients' bill of rights approach recognized this fact, as was stated by the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means earlier tonight.  My colleagues, the choice is simple: the more dollars which are spent on medical malpractice lawsuits, insurance premiums and lawyers, the fewer dollars there are for Americans to receive quality medical care. Let us put patients' rights ahead of lawyers' avarice, and support this much needed amendment.  