Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the motion to recommit which would strip from the bill vital litigation management provisions. Without these provisions, the bill would threaten untold numbers of businesses with the loss of capital and credit simply because they might be named in a lawsuit related to a terrorist attack.  Nearly identical litigation management provisions were passed by the House by a vote of 286-139 to cover lawsuits related to the September 11 attacks. Without these provisions, anyone could be on the hook for all damages caused by a terrorist attack, running into billions of dollars, even when they share only 1 percent of the responsibility of the losses and the terrorists share the remaining 99 percent.  If any defendant, even those just marginally involved in such a minuscule portion of any injuries could be made to pay the full amount of noneconomic damages caused by a massive terrorist attack, hundreds of legitimate businesses would be thrown into bankruptcy.  Again, existing tort rules are designed to deal with the typical slip-and-fall case. They may properly apply when the primary cause of an injury is excessive water on the floor of a grocery store, but surely that cannot be true when the primary cause is a suicidal fanatic, motivated by the deepest hatred of America and using weapons of mass destruction intended to kill as many innocent people as possible. If anyone can convince me that a slippery floor is the moral equivalent of a terrorist, I will vote for the gentleman's motion myself.  Mr. Speaker, Congress has already recognized this in passing the liability protection provisions governing lawsuits relating to the September 11 attacks. Without the litigation management provisions, no limits would be placed on the fees of attorneys bringing cases against Americans and their businesses, even when the primary cause of injury is a terrorist.  Without the provisions which allow courts the discretion to keep attorneys' fees reasonable, a few war profiteers can turn attacks that result in multibillion-dollar losses into private jackpots for themselves, that are paid for by the U.S. taxpayers.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to oppose this motion to recommit and ensure equitable compensation to victims while protecting the American economy and the taxpayer.  