 Madam Speaker, Congress established the patent reexamination system in 1980. The 1980 reexamination statute was enacted with the intent reexamination of patents by the Patent and Trademark Office would achieve three principal benefits, first, to settle validity disputes more quickly and less expensively than litigation; second, to allow courts to refer patent validity questions to an agency with expertise in both the patent law and technology; and third, to reinforce investor confidence in the certainty of patent rights by affording an opportunity to review patents of doubtful validity.  More than 20 years after the original enactment of the reexamination statute, the Committee on the Judiciary still endorses these goals and encourages third parties to pursue reexamination as an efficient way of settling patent disputes.  Reexamination worked well until recently when it was severely limited by a Federal Court of Appeals decision. H.R. 1866 is intended to overturn the 1997 In re Portola Packaging case by the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal circuit. That decision severely impairs the patent reexamination process. Reexamination was intended to be an important quality check on defective patents. Unfortunately, this decision severely limits its use.  The Portola case is criticized for establishing an illogical and overly strict bar concerning the scope of reexamination requests. The bill permits a broader range of cases to be the subject of a request, as was the case for the first 16 years since the law was enacted. The bill that we consider today preserves the ``substantial new question standard'' that is an important safeguard to protect all inventors against frivolous action and against harassment, while allowing the process to continue as originally intended. It also preserves the discretion of the Patent and Trademark Office in evaluating these cases.  The bill has been amended since its introduction by the full committee. I wish to take a moment to explain this to my colleagues.  Since its introduction, we heard from the public members of the bar and critics of the Portola decision who have recommended that we make an additional change to ensure the result that we seek. The text is clarified to permit the use of relevant evidence that was ``considered'' by the PTO, but not necessarily ``cited.'' Some would say this is redundant, but I prefer to clarify precisely when reexamination is an available procedure. This will ensure that the system is flexible and efficient. While many believe the base text is satisfactory to meet that goal, I hope that the amendment removes any doubt.  I believe that adding this one sentence to the Patent Act will help prevent the misuse of defective patents in all fields, especially those concerning business methods. An efficient patent system is important for inventors, investors and consumers. I urge Members to support H.R. 1866.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  