Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1840 extends eligibility for refugee status of unmarried sons and daughters of certain Vietnamese refugees. It stems from the Orderly Departure Program which was established in 1979 to give eligible nationals of Vietnam an alternative method of emigrating to a foreign country, rather than undertake illegal hazardous departures by boat or land.  In 1989, the INS began adjudicating applications for refugee status in Vietnam for certain Vietnamese nationals who had been in reeducation camps for at least 3 years and widows of Vietnamese nationals who died as a result of confinement in the reeducation camps. The INS included unmarried sons and daughters 21 years and older based on case eligibility guidelines set up by the State Department 10 years earlier. However, this contradicted immigration regulations. INS had been treating those unmarried sons and daughters as derivative refugees, but the Immigration regulations defined derivative refugees as spouses and unmarried children under 21 years of age.  In April of 1995, the INS, with concurrence of the State Department, stopped accepting sons and daughters 21 years of age or older. In response to this modification, the McCain amendment was enacted to reestablish refugee eligibility to unmarried adult sons and daughters of the qualifying Vietnamese nationals. The legislation was retroactive to April 1, 1995, the date on which the modification had taken effect. It was extended in 1998.  The INS has denied derivative refugee status to those unmarried sons and daughters who failed to prove their family relationship with the principal applicant. The INS mistakenly denied some for no proof of family relationship when the applicant could not show he or she continuously resided with the parent. After determining that it was incorrectly denying some derivatives based on co-residency, the INS identified the entire caseload of improperly adjudicated derivative family member cases. The agency had until September 30, 2001 to correct the cases adjudicated on or after April 1, 1995, where the original denial was based solely on the issue of co-residency with the principal applicant.  The INS needs additional time to adjudicate pending cases under the McCain amendment. As such, H.R. 1840 extends the time to adjudicate these cases by 2 years. The intent of H.R. 1840 is to extend the same eligibility criteria applied to cases currently being processed under the McCain amendment to individuals whose parent's case was processed prior to April 1, 1995. Accordingly, the act removes the date of April 1, 1995, imposed by the McCain amendment.  In addition to failure to prove co-residency, the INS has denied some cases because the applicants were unable to prove their family relationship to a principal applicant. Due to new identification methods, such as DNA, H.R. 1840 permits the INS to reconsider cases that were previously denied for failure of proof rather than just those cases that were denied based on the issue of cohabitation with the principal alien.  Finally, some sons and daughters have been denied derivative refugee status because their principal applicant parent has died, although the surviving parent resides in the United States or is awaiting departure formalities from Vietnam. Accordingly, H.R. 1840 expands eligibility to include these adult unmarried sons and daughters.  The bill has the support of its author, the State Department, the Justice Department, the INS, and it passed the Committee on the Judiciary unanimously. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserves the balance of my time.  