Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3295, the ``Help America Vote Act of 2001.''  I am particularly concerned about a problem my home state of Wisconsin will face under section five of the bill and its mandatory requirement that each state implement a statewide voter registration system. The state of Wisconsin does not require statewide voter registration in communities with populations of less than 5,000. This bill will require Wisconsin to comply by requiring registration at the expense of the local governments in communities where registration is not required by law. This legislative provision will place a substantial administrative and financial burden on the state and, perhaps result in an unfunded federal mandate.  Mr. Speaker, I also have a significant concern that my constituents in my home state of Wisconsin will be double taxed under Section One of H.R. 3295. That is the section which furnishes states with funds to buyout their punchcard voting machinery. However, Wisconsin has already phased out the use of punchcard voting systems on their own, at the expense of the local counties and municipalities, to the tune of over $650,000. How can it be justified that my constituents will be double taxed to pay for replacing punch card machines? The first tax paid by Wisconsin residents was in the form of local tax revenues and the second tax will be in the form of federal tax dollars.  And, let me be very clear here, the local tax revenues spent on punchcard machines could easily have been spent on other important local needs, especially if they knew federal money was on the way. The elimination of these punchcard systems may be a laudable goal, however, it clearly unfair to double tax the residents of Wisconsin in order to pay for upgrades in another state when that state did not determine it was important enough to them to use their own resources to pay for the elimination of punchcard ballots.  The basic principle of ``one person, one vote'' is one that crosses party lines, for voting is not a partisan issue, it is an American issue. All Americans want to know that the vote they cast, for the candidate of their choice, will be counted fairly and accurately.  Unfortunately, it is also the concern of a great many Americans that widespread voter fraud is diluting or cancelling out the value of their legally cast vote. For example, in Madison, Wisconsin, students from the University of Wisconsin bragged about voting two and three times in last year's presidential election. Coincidently these students recanted their statements when pressed. Perhaps it was when they realized that voting two and three times violated state and federal election laws. However, this is just one minor example of what has been allowed to occur in jurisdictions all around this country without any tangible consequences. Another example of rampant voter fraud can be found when examining the events surrounding the 2000 election in St. Louis, Missouri. There were hundreds of felons, non-citizens, duplicate and dead voters who cast ballots for candidates illegally. And in the city of Philadelphia, there were over 5,000 voters registered at vacant city-owned lots.  I strongly believe we must seriously examine allegations of voter fraud and press for the prosecution of those who are found to have violated existing laws. We should also examine existing federal statutes and the Department of Justice prosecution guidelines to determine if stiffer federal penalties and fines and greater enforcement is necessary. It should become routine that when evidence of voter fraud is found, perpetrators can expect to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. For vote fraud is not a victimless crime. It is crime which erodes the integrity of the very system our forefathers put into place to insure the continuance of the freedoms we hold dear. It is time we get serious about insuring the integrity of the election process, and protecting the public trust in the election system of the United States.  This legislation does not go far enough to address the issue of voter fraud and it will continue to flourish without significant legislative changes. I fear that once this legislation is passed, this Congress will not come back to examine measures aimed at eliminating voter fraud, proposals such as requiring photo identification at the polls, requiring proof of citizenship and requiring removal of dead voters from current voting rolls are just a few provisions which need to be considered.  The individual states across the country have been hard at work in 2001 reviewing their election laws with a fine-tooth comb, identifying the weak spots and potential causes for concern, and, most importantly . . . developing solutions. Reforming election laws is a complex job but it is one that is best left to the states. This hard work will certainly continue into 2002 but look at what has happened so far at the state level: more than 1,770 bills have been introduced, 249 have been passed and 487 bills are still pending.  One of the most profound examples of state reform is in Florida where they have passed the most sweeping election reforms of any state so far. These reforms include, among other things, the banning of punch card ballots by providing $24 million to counties to purchase optical scan or electronic systems, $6 million for voter education and poll worker recruitment and training, and $2 million to create a statewide voter registration database. Their bill also provides for uniform ballot design, no-excuse absentee voting and provisional balloting. However, Florida made these changesafter consideration of their unique needs and goals without federal mandates from Congress, such as those required under H.R. 3295. And, many other states legislatures have followed suit by passing their own election reform bills without the direction from Congress. As was the case in Wisconsin a few years back, individual states are proving that they are the best able to determine what solutions will work effectively for their unique needs and the focus of election reform should be left to them.  Ensuring fair and honest elections by eliminating voter fraud, improving voting techniques, eliminating disenfranchisement, and respecting the constitutional role of the states and localities should not be partisan issues. Our fundamental system of elections is sound, and just as with all things, there is always room for improvement. However, we need to make certain that legislation does in fact provide improvement and not just rhetoric and that Congress is not simply throwing $2.65 billion at this issue so we can claim we've solved all alleged problems.  