Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.  Mr. Speaker, it is time to clarify the record after this last speech. Number one, there is nothing in the Weldon bill that prevents the use of adult stem cells or stem cells from live births, including umbilical cords and placentas from being used for the research that the gentleman describes.  The gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren) talked about a Yale study. I have the Yale Bulletin Calendar of December 1, 2000 about the research on monkeys that were used to cure a spinal cord injury. Those were adult stem cells. They would be completely legal under this bill.  Then we have heard from the gentleman from Washington State (Mr. McDermott), who seems to think we are having a religious seance here. The fact of the matter is there have been a number of things that are in derogation of the free enterprise system that this Congress and the people of the country have banned, including slavery. And I think that perhaps the time has come to ban the cloning of human embryos.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the distinguished whip.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. I think and I hope that Members will support the Weldon bill and oppose the Greenwood amendment.  Mr. Speaker, this is not about making fun of the Pope or making fun of the Bible. This is not about politics. It is not even about stem cell research. This is about a very real problem in this country, a potential problem, and that is cloning human beings. The connotations of this debate raise very broad and disturbing questions for our society.  So-called therapeutic cloning crosses a very bright-line ethical boundary that should give all of us pause. This technique would reduce some human beings to the level of an industrial commodity. Cloning treats human embryos, the basic elements of life itself, as a simple raw material. This exploitive unholy technique is no better than medical strip-mining.  The preservation of life is what is being lost here. The sanctity and precious nature of each and every human life is being obscured in this debate. Cloning supporters are trading upon the desperate hopes of people who struggle with illness. We should not draw medical solutions from the unwholesome well of an ungoverned monstrous science that lacks any reasonable consideration for the sanctity of human life.  Now, some people would doubtlessly argue if we use in vitro fertilization tohelp infertile couples create life, then we ought to allow scientists the latitude to manufacture and destroy embryos to produce medical treatments. But these are far from the same thing. Cloning is different from organ transplantation. Cloning is different from in vitro fertility treatments.  Cloning is an unholy leap backwards because its intellectual lineage and justifications are evocative of some of the darkest hours during the 20th century. We should not stray down this road because it will surely take us to dark and unforeseen destinations.  Human beings should not be cloned to stock a medical junkyard of spare parts for experimentation. That is wrong, unethical, and unworthy of an enlightened society.  