Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, of the thousands of people killed on September 11, over 400 were public safety officers. These brave men and women dedicated their lives to the protection of life and property, and in so doing made the ultimate sacrifice. Since that day, thousands of their fellow officers from around the country responded to the attacks and have worked tirelessly at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and western Pennsylvania, and, indeed, all around America and the rest of the world.  I believe it fitting and proper that our Nation honor not only those public safety officers who gave their lives, but also the officers who have demonstrated the highest forms of heroism and valor in the wake of these tragic events.  Mr. Speaker, the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Act of 2001 was signed into law on May 30. This act established a national medal to be given by the President in the name of the United States Congress to a public safety officer who has displayed extraordinary valor above and beyond the call of duty. The Public Safety Officer Medal Of Valor is the highest national award for valor that can be given to a firefighter, law enforcement officer, or emergency services officer.  Under this new law, the Attorney General of the United States is charged with selecting the recipients of the medal and is limited to selecting not more than five recipients in a given year. However, in extraordinary circumstances, the Attorney General may increase the number of medals to be awarded in a particular year. Mr. Speaker, no one can argue that the events that occurred on September 11, and the acts of bravery and valor that followed, were anything but extraordinary circumstances. House Con. Res. 243 expresses the sense of Congress that the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor should be presented to all the public safety officers who were killed in the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.  Further, the concurrent resolution states that the Medal of Valor should be presented to those officers who have earned special recognition for outstanding valor for their actions in the hours, days, and weeks following the terrorist attacks.  These officers will be selected in consultation with the Governor of New York, the Mayor of the City of New York, the Governor of Virginia, and the Governor of Pennsylvania, and other officials who have firsthand knowledge of the heroic efforts made by these men and women.  On October 11, 2001, a day of violence, horror and great sadness, America's public safety officers gave their lives trying to save others. They also performed their duties heroically in the face of adversity and tragedy.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this concurrent resolution and to provide the many heroes around the country with appropriate recognition by urging the Attorney General to present them with the highest national public safety officer award for valor.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  