Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  As the author of H.R. 860, I am grateful for the opportunity to consider it on the floor today. The bill before us has had a long legislative life, having been considered in one form or another since the 101st Congress in 1991.  This legislation addresses two important issues in the world of complex multidistrict litigation. Section 2 of the bill would reverse the effects of the 1998 Supreme Court decision in the so-called Lexecon case. It would simply amend the multidistrict litigation statute by explicitly allowing a transferee court to retain jurisdiction over referred cases for trial for the purpose of determining liability and punitive damages or refer them to other districts as it sees fit. In fact, section 2 only codifies what had constituted ongoing judicial practice for nearly 30 years prior to the Lexecon decision.  Section 3 addresses a particular species of complex litigation, so-called disaster cases, such as those involving airline accidents. The language set forth in my bill is a revised version of a concept which, beginning in the 101st Congress, has been supported by the Department of Justice, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, two previous Democratic Congresses, and one previous Republican Congress.  Section 3 will help reduce litigation costs as well as the likelihood of forum shopping in single-accident mass tort cases. All plaintiffs in these cases would ordinarily be situated identically, making the case for consolidation of their actions especially compelling. These types of disasters, with their hundreds or thousands of plaintiffs and numerous defendants, have the potential to impair the orderly administration of justice in Federal courts for an extended period of time.  This committee and the full House unanimously passed the precursor to H.R. 860 last term. During eleventh hour negotiations with the other body, I offered to make three changes in an effort to generate greater support for the bill. As a show of good faith, I have incorporated those changes into the bill we are considering today. They consist of the following:  First, a plaintiff must allege at least $150,000 in damages, up from $75,000, to file in U.S. district court.  Second, an exception to the minimum diversity rule is created. A U.S. district court may not hear a case in which a substantial majority of plaintiffs and the primary defendants are citizens of the same State and in which the claims asserted are governed primarily by the laws of that same State. In other words, only State courts may hear such cases.  Third, the choice-of-law section is stricken. Upon further reflection, I believe it confers too much discretionary authority on a Federal judge to select the relevant law that will apply in a given case.  In sum, this legislation speaks to process, fairness, and judicial efficiency. It will not interfere with jury verdicts or compensation rates for litigators. I therefore urge my colleagues to join me in a bipartisan effort to support the Multidistrict, Multiparty, Multiforum Trial Jurisdiction Act of 2001.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  