Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, I will be very brief. This amendment is very simple. It makes it harder for Congress to raise taxes. It requires Congress to put fiscal discipline on itself so that if there are loopholes closed, the tax relief would be given to the American people rather than being spent on some type of proposal that maybe the American people would not approve of.  The original Constitution written by James Madison prohibited direct taxes except ``in proportion to the census, or enumeration hereinbefore directed to be taken.''  When the Congress attempted to pass an income tax in the late 1890s, the Supreme Court declared it unconstitutional. On February 13, 1913, the 16th amendment was ratified by the several States and became a part of our Nation's Constitution which specifically gave the Congress the power to lay and collect taxes on income from whatever source derived without apportionment among the several States and without regard to any census or enumeration. Since that time, boy, have those income taxes taken off. With the constitutional amendment ratified in 1913, the heavy hand of the Congress and of the Federal Government has dipped deeper and deeper into the pockets of the people of the United States of America, so that today Federal income taxes as expressed as a percentage of gross domestic product are higher than at any time in the peacetime history of our country, including during World War II in many of the years.  So I guess the question is really simple. Given the track record of Congress since 1913, do we want to continue making it easy for Congress to raise taxes? Or do we want to force Congress to cut spending, to have better priorities, and then to attempt to achieve a national consensus to raise taxes as a last resort? Because a two-thirds vote does require a national consensus to be formed.  I would hope that the Members of the House would approve this constitutional amendment and send it to the other body, because it will send a message that this Congress is serious about making it tough for future Congresses to raise taxes and to force them to set priorities in spending the public's money, not the Congress' money but the public's money.  I ask for an aye vote.  