 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1552, the Internet Tax Nondiscrimination Act. Over the last several years, the Internet has revolutionized commerce in a manner few could have imagined. The Internet has expanded consumer choices, enhanced competition and enabled individuals, as well as brick and mortar retailers, to avail themselves of a national marketplace once reserved to a privileged few.  While government deserves some credit for helping create the technological infrastructure of the new digital economy, government regulation and taxation threaten to impede its tremendous commercial potential.  In 1998, Congress passed the Internet Tax Freedom Act to facilitate the commercial development of the Internet. Contrary to widely held impressions, the Internet Tax Freedom Act does not specifically exempt Internet retailers from collecting and remitting all sales taxes. Rather, it prohibits States from imposing multiple and discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce and shields consumers from new Internet access taxes. These limited protections will expire on October 21, less than a week from today.  Introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. Cox), who also authored the Internet Tax Freedom Act, H.R. 1552 extends the ban on new Internet access taxes and on all multiple and discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce. The Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law has conducted a number of Internet tax hearings this Congress, and I commend the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Barr), for his thorough and balanced consideration of this issue.  The version of H.R. 1552 reported by the Committee on the Judiciary preserves the protections contained in the Internet Tax Freedom Act until November 1, 2003. Renewal of these provisions for 2 years represents a compromise approach that simply maintains the existing moratorium on Internet taxes. A 2-year renewal also provides the best legislative vehicle for getting an Internet tax extension bill to the President before its imminent expiration.  If H.R. 1552 is not passed, Internet commerce will be subject to State and local taxes in more than 7,500 taxing jurisdictions. As Chief Justice John Marshall recognized over 200 years ago, the ``power to tax involves the power to destroy.'' Failure to extend the moratorium may result in the imposition of a complex web of taxes that would destroy the viability of this critical medium at a time the technology industry and broader economy can least afford it.  Recent events have only underlined the fragility of the technology sector. Information technology companies have been buffeted by falling stock prices and signs of a deepening economic downturn. The last thing these companies need is more uncertainty, and passage of H.R. 1552 will provide a measure of stability during this turbulent period.  Last year, the House overwhelmingly passed an extension of the Internet tax moratorium by a vote of 352 to 75, but this measure did not receive a vote from the other body. This year there is no time to delay, and I urge support of the bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  