Speaker, let me blow away the smoke screen from the litigation management provisions of this bill.  Number one, it does not take away anybody's right to sue or anybody's right to get compensation. If there is a cause of action and the Secretary triggers the provisions in this legislation, suits would have to be in one court, and that would prevent a race to courthouses all around the country to see which judge could have the trial quicker and whoever gets the quickest trial will end up exhausting all of the money that is available; and in courts where things move a little bit slower, if the money is exhausted, then the plaintiff would be out of luck.  Now, secondly, what the bill does is it prohibits punitive damages, and thisis exactly the way the Federal Tort Claims Act is. We are talking about giving a limited key to the United States Treasury, and we give the same protection to the taxpayer in this bill that we do when there is a tort claim against the Federal Government. We also limit attorneys' fees, also done in the Federal Tort Claims Act. So this is existing law for claims against the Federal Government. Since the Federal Government will be the ultimate reinsurer during this period of time, we provide the taxpayers the same protections and the plaintiffs the same limitations as we would if somebody got run over by a postal service van or ended up falling out the window of a Federal building because of a defect in construction there.  Now, it seems to me that when we are dealing with terrorism, we have to look at the fact that people who buy terrorism insurance pay a premium that is based upon the risk that the insurance company is underwriting; and if they have unlimited liability when there is a terrorist act, then those premiums are going to be so sky high as to make that coverage either unaffordable or less affordable, particularly to small business operators.  So, Mr. Speaker, these litigation management provisions protect the taxpayers, protect the ratepayers of people who have to buy terrorism coverage, and do not significantly limit the recovery that plaintiffs could get.  Mr. LaFALCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.  A couple of issues were addressed by the distinguished chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary. First of all, he spoke about the consolidation of the claims into one court. That is something that is not unreasonable. As a matter of fact, it might be desirable to do something like that. But then the question is, would you obliterate portions of the laws of the many States?  What the gentleman does in his bill is he says that there should be a Federal cause of action that shall be exclusive; and thereby he obliterates the laws of the States, with this exception: he says in applying the Federal cause of action, we shall look to the Federal cause of actions in the States, but not the law of the States with respect to damages. There, we shall just totally obliterate whatever the laws of those States are with respect to damages and impose our own. That is where we run into difficulties. Not that one cannot go into court, but we just severely eliminate or restrict.  Now, we have proportionate liability as opposed to joint and several liability. There we are obliterating the laws of the about half of the States. We use the collateral damages as an offset; and, again, the States are split on that; but, again, that goes to the issue of how much economic damages an individual is able to collect. So it restricts their rights there.  Now, with respect to punitive damages, the gentleman made the argument, and I think it has some resonance, that the Federal taxpayer ought not to pay for punitive damages. I can accept that. The gentleman made an analogy to the Federal Tort Claims Act where one cannot bring punitive damages against the Federal Government. Well, if the gentleman would have retained within the bill the Bentsen amendment, which would have precluded taxpayer money, that is, insurance under this scheme, then the gentleman's argument would be true. But it is incorrect because what the gentleman does is not just eliminate the ability to collect damages against the Federal Government under any scheme, but against anybody.  The gentleman eliminates the basic cause of action or possibility of punitive damages, not just the insurance coverage for it. If the gentleman is willing to talk about that, we might be able to come to terms. If the gentleman's bill would do what the gentleman says it purports to do or wishes to do, we might be able to come to agreement.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  