Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2336 and urge the House to adopt the measure. This bill will make permanent the authority of the U.S. Judicial Conference to redact financial disclosure statements of judicial employees and judicial officers.  Under the Ethics in Government Act, judges and other high-level judicial branch officials must file annual financial disclosure reports. However, due to the nature of the judicial function and the increased security risk it entails, section 7 of the Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act of 1998 allows the Judicial Conference to redact statutorily required information in a financial disclosure report where the release of the information could endanger the filer or his or her family. This provision will sunset on December 31, 2001, in the absence of further legislative action.  The Judicial Conference Committee on Financial Disclosure recently submitted a report on section 7. The committee monitors the release of financial disclosure reports to ensure compliance with the statute, reviews redaction requests, and approves or disapproves any request for a redaction of statutorily mandated information where the release of the information could endanger a filer.  In the year 2000, the committee noted, first, 13 financial disclosure reports were wholly redacted because thejudge was under a specific and active security threat and, second, only 140 judges' reports were partially redacted due to specific or general threats.  The purpose of the annual disclosure reports required by the Ethics in Government Act is to increase public confidence in government officials and better enable the public to judge the performance of those officials. However, Federal judges should be allowed to redact certain information from financial disclosures when they or a family member is threatened. Importantly, this practice has never interfered with the release of critical information to the public.  H.R. 2336 will eliminate the sunset in section 7 and permit the Judicial Conference to permanently redact information in financial disclosure reports where that information could endanger the filer or his or her family. This is a good bill. It enjoys bipartisan support. There is no known opposition. I encourage the House to support the measure.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  