Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, today the House will send to the President for his signature H.R. 768, the Need-Based Educational Aid Act of 2001. This bill was introduced by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank), and I appreciate their hard work on this issue.  Mr. Speaker, beginning in the mid-1950s, a number of prestigious private colleges and universities agreed to award institutional financial aid, that is, aid from the schools' own funds, solely on the basis of demonstrated financial need. These schools also agreed to use common principles to assist each student's financial need and to give essentially the same financial aid award to students admitted to more than one member of the group.  From the 1950s through the late 1980s, the practice continued undisturbed. In 1989, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice brought suit against nine of the colleges that engaged in this practice. After extensive litigation, the parties reached a final settlement in 1993.  In 1994, Congress passed a temporary exemption from the antitrust laws that basically codified the settlement. It allowed agreements to provide aid on the basis of need only, to use common principles of need analysis, to use a common financial aid application form, and to allow the exchange of the students' financial information through a third party. It also prohibited agreements on award to specific students. It provided for this exemption to expire on September 30, 1997. That year, Congress extended the exemption until September 30, 2001.  Under this exemption, the affected schools have adopted a set of general principles to determine eligibility for institutional aid. These principles address issues like expected contribution from noncustodial parents, treatment of depreciation expenses that may reduce a parent's income, valuation of rental properties, and unusually high medical expenses. Common treatment of these types of issues make sense, and to my knowledge, the existing exemption has worked well.  The need-based financial aid system serves goals that the antitrust laws do not adequately address, namely, making financial aid available to the broadest number of students solely on the basis of demonstrated need. Without it, the schools would be required to compete, through financial aid awards, to the very top students. Those very top students would get all the aid available, which would be more than they need. The rest would get less or none at all. Ultimately, such a system would serve to undermine the principle of need-based aid and need-blind admissions.  No student who is otherwise qualified ought to be denied the opportunity to attend one of the Nation's most prestigious schools because of the financial situation of his or her family. H.R. 768 will help protect need-based aid and need-blind admissions and preserve that opportunity.  Mr. Speaker, unlike the original House bill, which permanently extended the 1994 exemption, the Senate amendment to H.R. 768 would extend the exemption for another 7 years, and it also directs the General Accounting Office to review the exemption. It would not make any change to the substance of the exemption. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  