 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of House Joint Resolution 42. This joint resolution recognizes the memorial of thousands of Americans who have fallen while serving as fire and emergency personnel throughout the years in America by lowering the American flag to half-staff on the day of the National Fallen Firefighters Memorial Service. This year, this day is Sunday, October 7.  Every year, thousands of Americans attend public and private ceremonies at the campus of the National Fire Academy in Emmitsburg, Maryland, during the National Fallen Firefighters Weekend. While these ceremonies are in remembrance of lost loved ones and close friends who have fallen while serving as fire and emergency personnel, it is also an opportunity to show support for those who continue to put their lives on the line, providing aid and protection for others.  This Memorial Service is conducted by the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation, in partnership with FEMA's United States Fire Administration. It is a national memorial service dedicated to all fallen firefighters and emergency personnel.  House Joint Resolution 42 joins the Federal Government in praise and prayers for our fallen heroes by lowering the American flag to half-staff on the day of this memorial service.  Madam Speaker, every year, many of those actively participating in fire and emergency services in America suffer debilitating injuries. Between 1981 and 1999, Wisconsin lost 35 fire and emergency personnel, including Mr. Dana R. Johnson and Mr. James Is-Berner, who will be honored in 2002 at the National Fallen Firefighters Weekend.  Overall, during the same period of time, the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation reports that America has lost 2,077 fire and emergency personnel in the line of duty.  While the risks and dangers are reflected by the number of Americans that have fallen while serving as fire and emergency personnel, the number of those participating in this essential service to our communities continues to grow. Currently, Madam Speaker, fire and emergency personnel in America are 1.2 million people strong, and they can be found in every community of every State and territory in our Nation, where they respond to over 16 million emergency calls every year.  While we can speculate on how to better fortify our homeland, it is clear that our first line of domestic response is largely comprised of fire and emergency personnel.  Nothing demonstrates the significance of fire and emergency personnel more than their dedication and sacrifice in America's response to the terrorist attacks of September 11. More than 300 fire and emergency personnel died as a result of these attacks, and thousands of other fire and emergency personnel are still digging through the rubble, a dangerous task in and of itself. Of those still at the scene, it is reported that over 1,500 have been injured.  Madam Speaker, the response of our fire and emergency personnel was instantaneously initiated in the face of danger with the hope that lives could be saved. President Bush has said that in the face of terrorism, Americans must decide to live in fear or to live in freedom. Our fire and emergency personnel fearlessly answered that question and sent a clear message to the entire world: America will not be intimidated.  While America has always recognized the emergency service that fire and emergency personnel provide to our communities, on September 11, all Americans joined in their bond. Although fire and emergency personnel participate in career and voluntary positions with a variety of skills that defy virtually every obstacle, each of these individuals share a commonality, unity and brotherhood.  On September 11, we watched in utter disbelief as horrific terrorist acts were committed before our very eyes. Most people did not realize that our fire and emergency personnel had already begun to respond. Shortly thereafter, it was clear that an act of war had been committed against our Nation, and our fire and emergency personnel had begun fearless rescue efforts to save their own and to save others that had become victims of these attacks.  Madam Speaker, there is no siren or warning system for a response of this magnitude. It is a call of nature, it is a call to danger, and it is a way of life for the fire and emergency personnel in the United States of America.  Finally, Madam Speaker, we can join in remembrance of all Americans that have fallen while serving as fire and emergency personnel, and in support of those who continue to serve or who join this noble effort by voting in support of House Joint Resolution 42. I urge all of my colleagues to take the time this weekend, the weekend for this year's National Firefighters Memorial Service, to remember all those that have given their lives serving as fire and emergency personnel, and in support of all those who continue to provide this service.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  