 Madam Speaker, today is a historic day for the House, as we are about to consider, and likely pass, what Jack White at Time Magazine called ``the first new civil rights law of the 21st century.''  I, along with the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee), introducedH.R. 169, the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2001, or the No FEAR Act, to address an outrage in the Federal Government. The Federal Government should serve as a model of the best practices for a fair and open work environment. But after a year-long investigation, I was surprised to discover that some Federal agencies appear to be allowing discrimination and retaliation against their own employees.  The General Accounting Office has also investigated discrimination in the Federal workforce and found complaints grew tremendously in the 1990s. In fact, in fiscal year 1999, the number of complaints to the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission was about 120 percent greater than the number of complaints in 1991. The GAO also reported that complaints alleging retaliation against employees who had participated in the complaint process had increased as well.  That very type of retaliation is what has brought us here today. A number of brave EPA employees and scientists came forward to tell the Committee on Science, which I chaired in the last Congress, about a culture of intolerance and hostility at the EPA. By assisting a congressional investigation, those employees risked retaliation, and some experienced it.  In fact, the Labor Department concluded that the EPA had retaliated against a female scientist because the Committee on Science used a memorandum she wrote 10 years prior to one of the hearings on the issue. She did not even know the committee had obtained her memorandum, but she was still punished by the agency.  The problem is threefold: first, many employees and managers are not aware of their rights and responsibilities, due to inadequate notification requirements. Second, Federal agencies in Congress cannot assess the extent of the problem due to inadequate reporting. Third, Federal agencies are not accountable for the misdeeds of their employees, as Federal agencies found guilty of discrimination do not have to pay judgment settlement costs.  The bill is aimed at preventing and reducing discrimination and retaliation in the Federal workforce by requiring better notification, reporting, and accountability from Federal agencies. The No FEAR Act would require agencies to pay for all court settlements or judgments for discrimination and retaliation cases, rather than allowing them to use a government-wide slush fund. This will make the agencies more accountable for their actions.  The bill's notification requirement is aimed at improving workforce relations by increasing managers' and employees' knowledge of their respective rights and responsibilities. The act's reporting requirement will help determine if a pattern of misconduct exists within an agency and, if so, whether an agency is taking appropriate action to address the problem, such as disciplining those employees or managers involved in the misconduct. Tracking this information is critical to understanding whether a problem exists.  Finally, the bill ensures that the Federal agencies abide by the same laws by which private citizens and businesses must operate. Just like private sector employees, Federal employees are protected against discrimination and retaliation. Just like the private sector, Federal agencies must be held accountable.  Madam Speaker, H.R. 169 enjoys a broad show of diverse support. The NAACP has endorsed this bill, as well as the National Taxpayers Union. As the National Taxpayers Union stated in urging Congress to enact the legislation, ``The No FEAR Act promotes the virtues of fiscal responsibility and accountability in government.''  Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  