Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the substitute amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee), my colleague, and others. This amendment is problematic for several very important reasons.  First, it eviscerates more than 3 years of careful consideration, analysis, negotiation and compromise embodied in H.R. 333's needs-based reforms.  For example, one provision of this amendment completely rewrites the standard for overcoming the presumption of abuse in cases where debtors have the ability to pay debts. Although I did not participate in the negotiations that transpired between theHouse and the Senate last year, I am informed that H.R. 333's provisions are the product of intense analysis and exhaustive negotiation.  Second, the substitute amendment introduces truly novel concepts that have, to my knowledge, not been the subject of any oversight hearing by the House Committee on the Judiciary. These provisions, although perhaps well-intentioned, attempt to address various privacy issues perceived to be present in the bankruptcy system.  Under current law, most information filed in connection with a bankruptcy case is available to the public. Both the Justice Department and the Judicial Conference of the United States, however, have recently begun to consider whether unlimited public access to such information through the Internet and other electronic means should somehow be restricted.  Nevertheless, the substitute imposes a broad array of restrictions and requirements with regard to this matter and provides for the award of punitive damages for their violation under certain circumstances.  Rather than slip these substantive provisions in in an amendment filed on the eve of floor consideration of this bill, they should be the subject of an oversight hearing where they can be aired in the light of day and the public should be given an opportunity to be heard.  Third, this amendment attempts to include in the bill amendments that were roundly defeated during the Committee on the Judiciary's markup of H.R. 333 last month.  Out of 18 amendments considered during the markup, the bill was reported with only one modest amendment making minor technical and conforming revisions.  The bill as reported clearly reflects the considered judgment of the Committee on the Judiciary that H.R. 333 is the product of an exhaustive and mandatory process, as well as extensive negotiation, and does not need to be further amended.  Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to oppose this substitute amendment  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  