Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, I think we have had a very vigorous debate that talks about the pros and cons of the flag protection constitutional amendment. I believe that all of the arguments that have been sincerely placed against this amendment really do not have merit and should be ignored, and this amendment should be passed.  First, we have had the argument that this amendment amends the Bill of Rights. It does no such thing. There is no statement in the text of the amendment that the first amendment is modified in any way, amended in any way, or repealed in any way.  Secondly, we have heard the argument that this should be protected free speech under the Constitution of the United States. But what we are talking about here is not speech, we are talking about actions and burning or otherwise desecrating the flag of the United States of America.  Nobody is right to express themselves on any issue facing our country, on any candidate for office, on the performance or voting record of any incumbent officeholder this way. No one is in any way diminished by this constitutional amendment. What this constitutional amendment does is to give Congress the power to prohibit actions, not speech, that desecrates the flag of the United States of America.  Some also believe that the right to free speech is unlimited as a result of the first amendment. That is not the case at all. No one can shout ``fire'' in a crowded theater. No one can issue defamatory statements, whether verbally or in writing, without being called to account. There are limits on free speech, and 80 percent of the American people believe that a flag desecration constitutional amendment is a limit that we ought to have, not on speech but on actions.  Then we have heard that the Supreme Court of the United States, on a five-to-four decision, has said that this is protected political expression. We have heard that we should not amend the Constitution because we disagree with a Supreme Court decision.  Our Constitution has been amended 17 times since the Bill of Rights was ratified in 1791. Three of those 17 amendments overturned Supreme Court decisions that two-thirds of the Congress and three-quarters of the State legislatures decided were not good law.  The 11th amendment construing the judicial power of the United States overturned such a Supreme Court decision. The 14th amendment granting equal protection under the law in the eyes of both the Federal and State government overturned the Dred Scott decision. The sixteenth amendment, which allowed the Congress to impose an income tax, overturned a decision that said that the Federal income tax violated the constitutional prohibition on not having proportional allocation of taxes among the States.  So when the Supreme Court is wrong, one of the remedies that the Congress and the States have is to amend the Constitution of the United States to correct the errors of the Supreme Court.  Those nine people across the street, in a co-equal branch of government, are entitled deference to their decisions, but they are not infallible, and they do make mistakes. In the case of both the Johnson and the Eichman case, they have made a mistake.  One of the checks and balances that the Framers of the Constitution placed on the judicial branch of government is to authorize the Congress and the States to amend the Constitution of the United States. This should not be done lightly, and it has not been done lightly.  But given the fact that the Supreme Court twice has said that any statute, Federal or State, proposing criminal penalties for the physical desecration of the flag of the United States of America is unconstitutional, the only alternative we have as a nation is for us today, by a two-thirds vote, to approve this amendment for the other body to follow suit and three-quarters of the States to ratify this amendment.  Today we have an opportunity to correct a wrong of the Supreme Court. The House should do the right thing, Mr. Speaker, and pass this constitutional amendment.  