Speaker, I rise in opposition to the underlying bill. It is well intentioned and relief to the airline industry is necessary to keep these vital transportation links operating. But its provisions are so fatally flawed that it will disrupt other parts of the economy and its victim compensation provisions are unfair and set an expensive precedent which Congress will rue in the future.  First, the liability limitation provisions transfer the airlines' contingent liabilities to others with devastating implications on other segments of the economy. It is fine to limit airlines' liability, but this will simply put others on the hook.  In addition to United and American Airlines, who will have limited liability under this bill, plaintiffs' lawyers will also likely sue Boeing, which manufactured the four planes, General Electric or Pratt and Whitney who probably made the engines, the Port Authority which is the owner of the World Trade Center, whatever company made the steel which collapsed, and on and on. These companies' liability is not limited by this bill.  While the airlines will not face bankruptcy as a result of September 11, should this bill pass, its failure to limit others' liability will mean Congress will need to pass corrective legislation again and again to protect American companies and their workers' jobs because this bill did not do it right.  Remember, any company having a substantial contingent liability will not be able to borrow money from the banks to keep itself afloat.  The formula that compensates the airlines is not fair either. The United States Government does have a moral responsibility to make whole the airlines for the losses they suffered as a result of the FAA closing U.S. air space and the delays caused by airplane closures and heightened security. But that is not all this bill does. It makes payments based upon how many seat-miles each carrier has. That amounts to a subsidy and gives a premium to those carriers based not on their losses caused by the tragedies of September 11 but how big they are and how many seats they have.  Finally, this bill creates a new entitlement program to pay families of victims of this tragedy through taxpayers' dollars.  No entitlement was enacted by Congress to compensate victims of the Oklahoma City bombing, earthquakes in California, hurricanes in Florida, and floods along the Mississippi River. If this entitlement is approved, does Congress really want to say no to the victims of future tragedies, whether as a result of natural or man-made disasters? If a disaster strikes in any of our hometowns, how can we explain voting for an entitlement in this bill, but not for our own constituents? Stop and think of the precedent this bill sets when a future disaster strikes.  There is plenty money available to compensate the families of the victims of September 11. Mr. Speaker, $20 billion has already been appropriated for relief. The President has signed legislation to speed up payments to the families of police and firefighters killed inthe line of duty, and the Crime Victims Compensation Fund has over $1 billion already available for disbursal. Millions come from FEMA and the Department of Health and Human Services and elsewhere, and there will be tens of billions of dollars from insurance and those liable.  But stop, let us do this right. Let us vote this bill down and come back and address these very legitimate problems.  