 President, I have refrained from thanking the people who need to be thanked on the incredible work that was done to get us to the point of such overwhelming passage on this legislation. I tell my colleagues that there are no more votes, so I want to make clear we are not holding anybody up here, but I want to take about 5 minutes to talk about the work done by our staffs and some of our predecessors in this body to produce the result we have today.  And I might add, way ahead of time Senator Lugar's staff and my staff have been coordinating this every step of the way with the House. So hopefully--God willing and the creek not rising--we are going to be able to produce something for the President's desk within a matter of days so that we are not going to have to go to conference.  There are a lot of people to thank, but let me start saying that this was a long time in coming.  The first bit of thanks, and I want to reiterate it again, goes to President Bush. I have been extremely critical of President Bush's foreign policy. I have been extremely critical of what I believe the damage his foreign policy has done to our image and/or standing in the world. But I must say the President of the United States has led us to this incredible moment, where this is the single largest effort on the part of any country in the history of the world to go out and literally save and extend the lives of tens of millions of people. This is a gigantic accomplishment. So first the credit should go to President Bush. Because, in fact, without his making it clear and at the very end of this process, making it clear--I am told to some of his Republican colleagues--how important this was, not merely to him but to the United States, this would have never happened. That is an unusual position for me to be in, butcredit should go where it is due, and credit is due to President Bush and his administration and the many people who have worked both in the White House and in the various Departments in order to get to this moment.  I also want to thank an extraordinary combination of people. It is presumptuous of me to say this, but the chemistry between the minority and majority staffs on the Foreign Relations Committee is extraordinary. I have had the great privilege of working with my colleague Senator Lugar for a long time. We have been working together for over 30 years. To the best of my knowledge, there has never been a harsh word, a raised voice, a single solitary slight that ever has gone across the aisle between the Senator and me. There is no one in this body whose judgment on foreign policy I respect as much as this Senator. There is no one in the Congress, and quite frankly there is no one else in the country, whose judgment on matters relating to our national security and foreign policy I respect more, and I thank him. I thank him for his friendship and I also thank him in this specific case for his leadership and that of his staff.  I wish to express my personal appreciation to Shannon Smith. Shannon Smith was new to my staff. She came up on the Hill at a time where she was able to be the catalyst, along with a few other people I will name, to produce the result we have today. I can say to Shannon I am absolutely confident--absolutely confident--that if you do nothing else in your professional life than what you put together with Senator Lugar's staff today, you will have had a significant life, because very few people ever get put in a position where they arrive at a moment in history where they literally can change the path of people's lives in other parts of the world.  I know that sounds like hyperbole, but it is literally true. Few people get that opportunity. So you should relish it. You deserve it.  I also thank Brian McKeon of my staff, who has been with me since he was a kid out of Notre Dame. I guess it is now 20-some years, with a brief interlude where he went off to law school and clerked for the Federal Court and then came back as our legal counsel. I don't know anybody who knows his way around this body better than Brian does, and I don't know anybody who doesn't respect him. He is an incredible asset to have on this committee. And I should also credit Sherman Patrick, Steve Feldstein and Julie Baker on the staff of the Committee.  I would be remiss if I didn't say that it is hard on the Foreign Relations Committee--it is kind of like when Senator Lugar and I first got here. There was a unified staff. I mean literally when I came here, Senator Fulbright was the chairman and there was a unified staff. The chairman hired everybody, but he didn't hire anybody without the consultation and agreement of the minority. We have essentially arrived at the same place without having to go through that process.  There is Shellie Bressler, who has traveled the world with Shannon, went to those places. I am not being solicitous, Shellie, when I say you should understand that you made history. You helped make history.  People wonder whether we underpay the staff here. I say to the American people all the time, and the people of Delaware, and I mean it sincerely, the single best buy they get in everything they purchase is the incredible talent of the staff who work in this Congress and in the Federal Government. These people could go out and be making three and four times what they are now, but they are incredibly bright and dedicated, and Shellie, I am telling you, you will be able to tell your children and grandchildren and your great-grandchildren that you made something consequential happen.  I can say the same about Paul Foldi, who works for Senator Lugar. But I want to remind Senator Lugar, he used to work for me. He is a Delaware guy. Paul was actually foolish enough to help me when I tried the folly of attempting to get the nomination for President. I don't want to ruin his reputation. He has gone right since then. He is now working for a solid Republican. But Paul has been incredible. And Dan Diller has been as well.  I have managed many bills in my career, and have had some few successes, so I apologize, because I usually don't take this much time to talk about the staff, but this has been a staff-driven success and they deserve the attention and the recognition.  I also thank, in the Office of Legislative Counsel, Matt McGhie and Kevin Davis, whom I have not spoken to, but the staff has spoken to constantly and who worked tirelessly to prepare many drafts of this bill and numerous amendments that have been developed over the past several months.  In the other body, I also thank Peter Yeo and David Abramowitz and Pearl Alice-Marsh on the staff of Chairman Berman, as well as Chairman Berman. We are indebted to the House committee for striking the initial compromise that got us to this point, and we built on the House bill. We have consulted them regularly--I would guess many times a day, when I say regularly, in the last few weeks--in the hope that they will be able to approve the Senate-passed bill, which is my expectation.  Finally, in the administration, several people have devoted many hours, and maybe a lot more than that, moving this bill forward. In the Office of the Global AIDS Coordinator, great credit goes to Ambassador Mark Dybul, a very talented public servant, who testified before our committee, and who has spent a lot of time with our staffs and helped design and implement the PEPFAR program and made several contributions to the compromises developed over the past few months to get us to the 80-plus vote. I am embarrassed to say I don't remember the actual count, but I think it was over 80 people who voted for this.  I thank, and his staff particularly, Myron Meche, and Tom Walsh, who contributed a great deal to this moment. Also, at the White House, Deb Fiddelke and David Boyer of the Office of Legislative Affairs have been critical in this process.  Most of all, I want to thank in absentia the two people after whom this bill is named. Tom Lantos was a friend of all of us, but he was a particular friend of mine. Tom Lantos was a very successful businessman, an economics professor teaching at San Francisco State University, advising a number of banks, as well as two major unions on their financial investments. I met him when I was a young Senator, and I asked him on a lark whether he would come and be my foreign policy and economic adviser, and he came and worked for me. He came and worked for me--although, knowing Tom, he never worked for anybody.  But Tom Lantos, with his great Hungarian charm--everyone says Ireland has a Blarney Stone. I am absolutely confident the Blarney Stone is only a chip of the stone that is somewhere buried in Lake Balaton, in Hungary.  Tom became a close friend. Annette and his entire family are close personal friends still. Tom's daughter came to work with me as well, an 18-year-old graduate of Yale Law School, who graduated from Yale with honors at age 18.  He was an incredible man who, after a terrible tragedy in Guyana, where the San Francisco Congressman was shot dead, went home, ran for that seat with my encouragement, and ultimately became the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.  And Henry Hyde, with whom I had many disagreements philosophically but was always a gentleman, became a great friend of both Senator Lugar and myself. This is the Lantos-Hyde legislation. It is named after them.  I know some of my colleagues will sort of wonder whether I am going overboard, but I also want to thank, in absentia--and I will thank him through Dot Helms--Jesse Helms. Jesse Helms had a conversion on the way to Damascus on AIDS. Jesse Helms started as a very hard edged guy, mirroring the attitudes of some of the most fundamentalist folks out there talking about AIDS, that it was a scourge because of a lot of things that I will not go into. This is a man who not only became convinced of the necessity of this legislation, he became a disciple of pushing this legislation.  Here in the Senate, and I will end with this, I don't know how we can talk about the success here without recognizing on the Republican side Senator Brownback, a very conservative Member of the Senate who worked very hard.  I do not think this would have happened without Dick Durbin being on the floor of the Senate almost every day for the past 5 or 6 years, pounding away, talking--I do not mean literally, but it seemed like almost every day for the last 5 years--about the moral responsibility we had as a nation to deal with this problem because we could--because we could--because we had the capacity.  Senator Lugar has already mentioned--again, I apologize going on for so long, but these people deserve credit--John Kerry. This has been a passion of John Kerry's for the last 10 years. John Kerry, when this was not at all popular, was not at all sort of the flavor of the day, John Kerry was banging away at the need for us to attend to this problem. I think he is owed a debt of gratitude for his persistence and consistency.  Also, the former majority leader, Dr. Frist, a doctor who came from Tennessee, and he got deeply involved in this process and his credibility as a great transplant surgeon sort of transcended the politics of this issue. He deserves great credit.  One of the guys who maybe was--every once in a while there is sort of a spark that ignites the kindling and gets it all going. I always kid him, but Richard Holbrooke--and I say affectionately, who drives me crazy sometimes--but Richard Holbrooke and Senator Feingold were on a trip to Africa. Senator Feingold, who has been passionate about this issue, was chairman of the African Affairs Subcommittee--or he may have been ranking member at that time. In fairness, I cannot remember which it was. Senator Holbrooke going through a torturous confirmation process with the help of Senator Lugar and myself--was finally confirmed and did a great job there.  He picked up the phone in classic Holbrooke fashion and called Senator Feingold and said: We are going to Africa. They went to, I think--I would stand corrected by Senator Feingold, but I believe it was 12 countries in 14 days. They didn't go for this purpose, but in the process they visited clinics and the rest and they saw the depth, breadth, and consequence of this problem. Richard Holbrooke, according to Russ Feingold, called Kofi Annan on the plane and said: Kofi, we need a Security Council meeting on AIDS.  And Kofi Annan said: I am told we don't have health care Security Council meetings.  They had it, and that was also a major moment. So I thank Senator Feingold as well.  I could go on. There are others I am sure I left out, but in my years in the Senate, they were some of the people who delivered us this moment.  Last, and I will not say any more because I am going to yield to Senator Wyden to ask a unanimous consent--but, again, nothing works in this place unless it is bipartisan. No one has the credibility that is more recognized to produce those kinds of bipartisan results than my colleague, Senator Lugar, who deserves incredible credit for this bill.  I am told by staff Senator Wyden wishes to ask unanimous consent about an issue.  