 President, let me say to both Senator Thune and to my colleague from North Dakota that I think the work they are doing here is first rate.  As a matter of fact, Senator Kyl, who is coming to speak on this amendment as well, and I have agreed to, through the Judiciary Committee and through the regular order of business, work on one aspect of the three pieces of this amendment: water, health, and law enforcement.  I think we are going to be joined by our colleague as well on further increasing the assistance to the Indian nation. It is not an exaggeration to say that it is fairly astounding how poorly, over the 35 years I have been here, we have treated the Indian nations.  An awful lot of people, at least in my neck of the woods, think because they read about some of these Indian nations that have gambling on their reservations and are making tens of millions of dollars that somehow all is well, that we do not have to pay much attention to the moral obligation we have and the treaty obligations--I will not get into all of that but the treaty obligations we have been making and breaking since the 1800s.  So I am reluctant--I was reluctant--to talk about beginning to chip away at this bill which Senator Lugar and I and many others have worked so hard on. But I conferred with my Democratic colleagues on the House side who have jurisdiction over this matter. And I wanted to make it clear to Senator Thune, because I do not want to make a commitment I cannot keep, that if and when we get to the point where--I do not speak for Senator Lugar, but I am prepared, on the Democratic side, to accept the amendment at the appropriate time. And I wanted to make it clear that I was kidding yesterday, and I will say in the Record, I want it noted that I am joking, but this is not a Russell Long ``acceptance of a voice vote.''  It used to be, in the old days when I got here, Russell Long would accept anything on a voice vote on a finance bill. And the joke was, before he got to the other side of the House, they were dropped. That is why most people asked for rollcall votes, to make it harder for the conference to drop amendments.  It is my commitment to my colleague that I have been told by the House that although they prefer nothing change in the bill, they are prepared to accept this amendment and that there is no intention of dropping this amendment.  