 After final passage, I will go through the thank-yous that are robustly warranted to the staff and individuals and Senators who are still here serving, and some who are not serving here, who have laid the groundwork for us to get to this point.  In a small village in Otse, Botswana, there is a rural health clinic run by a retired nurse in her seventies. Their patient log is a simple, handwritten ledger. It lists in chronological order the patients who have come in to her for treatment. The ledger has several columns, including one where, if the patient died, there is a mark made in red ink.  On a visit to this clinic last summer by minority and majority staff, this nurse, I am told by our staff, held up this ledger that showed an array of red marks in the early part of this decade. Then, a few years ago, something drastic happened. The nurse explained, with great excitement, to our staffs:       Look, no red marks. The red marks have stopped.  There is one reason for that dramatic turn of events in this small village in Africa, and that is PEPFAR, which I think would more appropriately be named the ``President of the United States fund.'' But it is nonetheless called PEPFAR, which is confusing to people.  The bottom line is what the President of the United States of America, all the Senators, and others who havenot been mentioned today are about to do, began to change the life of that village.  In 2003, President Bush and this Congress launched the largest public health program in the history of the world. It is saving lives--millions of them. The funerals that were a daily occurrence have been reduced in number, and millions of people around the world have been given hope.  We have to sustain and build on this progress, and that is what we are doing today. That is what we are about to vote on. This bill we are about to vote on will set the course for the next 5 years and, hopefully, beyond. I am confident that, with the hard work of our House counterparts, this bill we are going to pass today will, in fact, be moved very quickly and be sent to the President's desk for signature.  We set forth very ambitious targets for care, treatment, and prevention. We must do all three. We cannot treat our way out of this disease, but we have succeeded at treatment in a way that nobody ever envisaged when John Kerry, Russ Feingold, and others started talking about this a long time ago. Five years ago, when we stood on the floor, I don't think anybody thought that the treatment side of this ledger would be as successful as it has been. I expect and hope that we are going to continue to see this kind of progress.  There are a lot of people to thank. I will do that after we pass the bill. For the moment, I wish to thank the President of the United States, President George Bush. His decision to launch this initiative was bold, and it was unexpected. I believe historians will regard it as his single finest hour. That is not a backhanded compliment. It would be a fine hour under the tenure of any President of the United States of America.  I wish to thank--quite frankly, I don't do it often enough around here--the American people for their generosity. Let me say it again--the generosity of the American people. Senator Kyl makes the point that we have serious needs here at home. Yes, the American people are overwhelmingly supporting what we are doing today, knowing the cost and knowing there will be tradeoffs. I also appreciate the hard work of thousands of men and women in our Government and of the governments of our foreign partners, and their partners in the private sector, who are working on the ground around the world and have made this possible.  I yield back the remainder of the time and I ask for the yeas and nays.  