  These are two binders full of the reports, which I hold in my hands, that have been done thus far by the present system of the three different agencies: State, Health and Human Services, and AID. They have considerable experience in going into the field overseas, knowing their way around. Part of this has to do with knowing your way around.  I used to have a friend who was a great basketball player. He wasn't the brightest candle on the table intellectually, but he had a great expression. He said: You gotta know how to know. These guys know how to know. They know where to look. They have been doing some versions of this overseas for the last 30 years in the case of State and AID.  I am not going to dare suggest this material be printed in the Record, but I have here two large binders full of reports of the IGs, the coordinated efforts here, mostly done through State and AID, of overseeing these programs. The last point I will make: It is overwhelmingly in their interest to see that this money is spent well because it affects so many other aspects of their ability to provide the kinds of services the 150 account provides out of the whole effort we have for development and diplomacy.  I thank the Senator from New Hampshire for being kind enough to hang around and listen. To use PresidentReagan's expression, ``If it ain't broke, don't fix it''--it ain't broke. It costs more money to fix it, in my view. I believe the agencies in place, coordinating their efforts, have vastly more experience in knowing where to look and determining whether the money is being spent as intended.   Mr. President, the Global AIDS program is operated in this way: a special coordinator, Dr. Mark Dybul, sits in the Department of State, and provides policy development and guidance to the agencies in the field implementing the program.  The main agencies implementing the program in the field are the Agency for International Development and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC.  Ambassadors in the field, in every country where PEPFAR operates, provide overall supervision.  So there are three main agencies involved--the Department of State, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the U.S. Agency for International Development.  There are others, such as Peace Corps and the Defense Department, but these are the big three.  All three agencies--State, AID and HHS--already have an inspector general. These were created by Congress a long time ago.  In the last several years, the volume of audit and inspection reports prepared by these entities on the PEPFAR program and the President's Malaria Initiative fills these two large binders, which run hundreds and hundreds of pages in length.  The AID inspector general alone has conducted 25 audits and made nearly 100 recommendations.  The State Department inspector general has reviewed PEPFAR activities at 10 overseas posts during embassy inspections.  In the last 3 years, there have been five GAO reports, and another one is underway.  The Global AIDS coordinator, Dr. Dybul, has formally requested that the PEPFAR agency inspectors general get together on a collective financial audit.  In other words, there is already a lot of work that is being done. But in order to ensure that it continues and indeed increases, the bill before the Senate has a provision on this very point--a provision that the Senator's amendment would strike.  It requires the three inspectors general from these agencies to come up with a coordinated annual plan to review the programs under this act. And then it provides $15 million that is specifically allocated to this work, out of the $50 billion in this bill.  So we have already addressed the Senator's concern in a way that builds on an existing structure, which will save taxpayer dollars and will ensure a coordinated effort.  The Senator's amendment, by contrast, requires us to build a whole new outfit from scratch.  It calls for $10 million in annual funding, or $50 million over the life of the bill--almost as much as Dr. Dybul's own office spends to manage the entire program.  As everyone knows, these programs are implemented overseas, not only in the 15 ``focus countries,'' but dozens of other countries.  The inspector general for the Agency for International Development has several overseas offices--including two of them in sub-Saharan Africa, in South Africa and Senegal--that do the bulk of the audit work.  The State Department inspector general sends teams out to inspect every embassy every 5 years or so. During these inspections, they review aspects of the PEPFAR program.  How will this new office be able duplicate this existing infrastructure? Where will these overseas offices be located? What are the startup costs for all this?  Do we really need a special IG for every $6 billion program we create in the Government? Why do we bother to fund the permanent IGs?  Where will staff be recruited for this new IG? The community of IGs in the Government is already struggling to find competent auditors and investigators. The new IG will almost certainly end up poaching staff from existing IGs, thereby weakening those offices. Is that a result we want?  I think it makes no sense to start over, when we have existing outfits that can do the job. I oppose this amendment.  I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  