 President, I am very pleased that the Senate has the opportunity to vote on the United States-India Nuclear Cooperation Approval and Nonproliferation Enhancement Act and to finally approve the peaceful nuclear cooperation agreement between the United States and India. This bill will seize the opportunity to build on the foundation laid by President Bill Clinton and cement a new, cooperative relationship with India, the world's largest democracy.  Two years ago, Chairman Lugar and I worked with the administration to enact legislation that changed 30 years of U.S. non-proliferation policy. We agreed to let the administration negotiate and submit to Congress a peaceful nuclear cooperation agreement with India, despite the fact that India has a nuclear weapons program. That wasn't easy. It took soul-searching and compromise on the part of many Members of the Senate regarding the standards for such an agreement and for U.S. policy.  Since the President's submittal of the proposed Agreement three weeks ago, Senator Dodd and Senator Lugar have worked hard with the other Members of the Foreign Relations Committee, the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Representatives Howard Berman, the ranking Republican member of that committee, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, and with the administration, to forge a bipartisan compromise on this important and complex issue. Senator Dodd and Senator Lugar especially deserve a great deal of thanks for all the efforts that have been required of them to bring this bill, and this historic agreement, to this point.  Enactment of this bill will help the U.S.-India relationship grow, while advancing India's ability to meet its energy needs in a way that fits within the cooperation framework Congress has worked so hard to establish. It will help ensure that the agreement and any exports that flow from it will be consistent with U.S. law and our national security interests, by adding to the tools that the Congress and future administrations will have to keep watch over this agreement.  I look forward to the passage of this bill, its enactment into law, and the beginning of a stronger relationship between our two great democracies.  