 I am pleased to see his strong support for the intention of the PEPFAR legislation. But as appealing as the Senator's amendment is, it belies a very important underlying point. Originally, this was authorized for $15 billion. At the time of the authorization, it was clear to everyone that was not nearly sufficient to deal with what is a worldwide dilemma, a worldwide problem. There is also recognition that it is not like you can isolate AIDS to a single country. The notion that we became clearly aware of, as knowledge of this disease became more apparent to the world at large, is that this has no borders. It has no geographic bounds. It has no ideological component. We hear statements that sound very appealing, such as: Why should we help a country like China deal with AIDS? We have the technology and the medical capability and PEPFAR and the world organizations know how to deal with it in ways that individual countries, including developed and developing countries such as China, don't.  What happens in China affects what happens in the rest of the world. The idea of us not being part of the world effort to stem the spread of AIDS in China--or Russia, for that matter--impacts on the well-being of all humanity and, specifically, American citizens along the line. That is a generic point I wished to make.  Let me be more specific. This would slash funding from the $50 billion mark we have proposed to a $15 billion mark, which would be cutting current assistance substantially. It also assumes that the United States or the U.S. Global AIDS coordinator or our other partners have not learned anything in the past 5 years. In fact, we have learned a great deal. The Lantos-Hyde Reauthorization Act, which we are voting on now, and amendments to it, seeks to build on the current progress we have made.  The Senator outlined the real progress, but we ought not to freeze in place or, worse yet, set backward the progress we have made.  This bill draws heavily on several reports that have been commissioned by the Congress. The GAO, which is Congress's watchdog, and the Institute of Medicine, which is part of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, both recommended substantial changes in current law in order to improve our programs. This bill acts on a number of those recommendations. First and foremost, it needs to be pointed out that the earmarks established in 2003--it would come back, as I understand it, in the proposal by my colleague from Kentucky--were actually impeding our progress in fighting AIDS, in some ways.  These earmarks set specific percentages for spending on HIV/AIDS prevention, treatment and care and, further, they set percentages on certain kinds of prevention activities.  In 2003, these earmarks may have served their stated purpose. For example, they emphasized the importance of treatment at a time when treatment was almost unheard of in parts of the world. They also underscored the ideas that abstinence and being faithful were key components of HIV prevention programs. Those principles were important and they are now well established.  But the Institute of Medicine also found that such rigid earmarks have ``adversely affected implementation of the U.S. Global AIDS Initiative'' and ``have been counterproductive.''  The GAO also found the 2003 earmarks effectively pitted some of these earmarks against other very highly valued prevention efforts that should be under way to prevent the transmission of HIV from mother to child. As a result, fewer funds were available to expand programs to prevent transmission of the disease from HIV-infected mothers to their children. Every day, for example, over 1,000 children are infected by HIV.  The reauthorization bill removes or modifies most of those earmarks in order to promote the approach that better allows each country to fight itsown epidemic. Balanced prevention strategies are still important, but they also allow for new science to be brought to bear on the problem.  Let me say this. One of the things we found--remember, when we first started discussing this program on the floor, there was overwhelming resistance to many countries in Africa to even acknowledge that they had a problem. There was resistance in other parts of the world to acknowledge that they had a problem. It was viewed as somehow negatively reflecting on the people of a country or on the society and the governance of that society if there was an acknowledgement of the degree to which this disease was prevalent in their country. In order to get it going to begin with, we did a lot of things to sort of break through that membrane of resistance that existed out there. To that extent, the original notions were very productive and positive.  We have gone way beyond that now. The problem is larger than we thought when we first initiated this program. Let me conclude by quoting the administration's position on the bill that Senator Lugar and I are proposing for our colleagues today:       The administration strongly supports S. 2731, the Tom      Lantos-Henry J. Hyde U.S. Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS,      Tuberculosis and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008, and the      managers' substitute amendment for this bill, both of which      would reauthorize PEPFAR and ensure the continued success of      this program. . . . S. 2731 would reauthorize the emergency      plan in a manner consistent with the program's successful      founding principles and would maintain a continued focus on      quantifiable HIV/AIDS prevention, treatment, and care goals.  So I say to my colleagues, the starting block from which our friend from Kentucky wishes us to return was just that. It was operating with what we knew and what we needed at the time to get started. We have learned a great deal more since then. We should not, in fact, turn back the clock. This reauthorization represents a true bipartisan compromise.  It includes 15 Republican amendments in the bill and suggestions we incorporated even before we reached the unanimous consent agreement last Friday. From the outset, it was a bipartisan effort. It passed out of our Foreign Relations Committee in a bipartisan way overwhelmingly.  When the appropriate time comes, I will move to ask our colleagues to join me and my colleague in opposing this amendment.  I yield the floor.  