Speaker, I rise in support of the Ganske-Dingell substitute.  Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning as a co-sponsor of the bipartisan Patients' Bill of Rights and a believer in the notion that doctors should make decisions about their patients' medical treatments, not insurance companies. Today's managed care plans are run by insurance industry bureaucrats whose firstconcern is the bottom line for insurance companies, not quality care for patients. These insurance industry bureaucrats seek to maximize profits for insurance companies by restricting treatment to patients and preventing doctors from providing proper care.  In addressing this situation, the bipartisan bill, which is the basis of the Dingell/Ganske substitute, offers its protections to patients, who need to know that their insurance companies are not interfering with their access to quality health care. This bill is dramatically different than the Republican bill which seeks only to protect the insurance industry.  Currently, 125 million Americans are enrolled through their employers in self-insured health plans, in which the insurance companies cannot be held liable for their decisions to restrict medical treatment, even if those decisions directly result in the death or maiming of the patient. The Congress should eliminate this legal protection for insurance companies, so that insurance companies can be held legally accountable for their decisions, just like everyone else. The bipartisan bill would offer Americans the legal protections of their individual states in holding insurance companies accountable for their decisions. The Republican bill on the other hand, would go the other way by restricting patients' legal rights and increasing the number of patients who are not protected by state malpractice laws from insurance companies.  Americans need to know that they have access to adequate internal and external appeals processes if their insurance company denies them coverage for a treatment. While the bipartisan bill provides for an external review that is truly independent and bases the definition of medical necessity on ``generally accepted principles of professional medical practice,'' the Republican bill would allow the insurance company to determine what is considered medically necessary and who performs the external review.  Americans need to know that they have access to emergency care when it is necessary, and we should encourage people to go to the emergency room when they experience severe chest pain--a sign of a possible heart attack. But the Republican bill fails to guarantee payment for care in such cases, leaving the health of Americans at risk. That's why the President of the American College of Emergency Physicians has said that the Republican bill ``will not bring peace of mind to anyone seeking emergency care when they need it.''  Americans need to know that their insurance companies are not restricting the range of treatments that their doctors are allowed to discuss, and are not offering financial incentives to doctors to limit patient care. While the bipartisan bill provides strong protections to patients in both of these circumstances, the Republican anti-gag provision is riddled with loopholes, and their bill doesn't even address the problem of financial incentives designed to limit care.  Americans need to know that they will have access to a specialist when it is needed and not become a victim of managed care bureaucrats. The bipartisan bill provides this protection to patients; the Republican bill does not.  With a set of consumer protections so weak as to be almost meaningless, the Republican bill is a cynical attempt to include erroneous provisions that have absolutely nothing to do with the problems of managed care such as provisions that would allow companies unrestricted access to your personal, confidential medical information and that would allow wealthy Americans to set up tax shelters through medical savings accounts.  Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve strong protections from the insurance bureaucrats who seek to do nothing more than maximize profits by restricting care. Please join me in voting for real protections for patients and against further protections for insurance companies, and vote for the bipartisan substitute and against the Republican bill.  