Speaker, I rise today in honor of two true American heroes. Capitol Hill Police Officer Jacob J. Chestnut and Special Agent John M. Gibson sacrificed themselves in the line of duty, putting their country and their commitment to democracy over their very lives. These men trained for the possibility of confronting violence, and when it came time, both acted professionally, responsibly, and heroically. We can only offer our most heartfelt condolences and prayers to the families of these inspiring men.  Officer Chestnut was an 18-year veteran of the Capitol Hill police force, having spent twenty years as part of the U.S. Air Force before that. Officer Chestnut was a highly-trained professional, who spent the overwhelming majority of his life protecting others. Special Agent Gibson was similarly selfless, working long hours at the Capitol as part of the Dignitary Protection Detail, constantly protecting others by putting himself in harm's way.  Those of us who work on Capitol Hill are used to seeing armed officers on a regular basis. We smile and chat with the friendly Capitol Hill police, and appreciate their warmth as people, and the sense of community they lend to our sometimes insular environment. They answer questions and direct tourists, just as Officer Chestnut was doing during the exact moment his killer confronted him. We rarely contemplate the seriousness of their task.  However, protection is their ultimate goal. Not only were officers Chestnut and Gibson here to protect Members of Congress, visiting dignitaries, and the millions of tourists who visit the Capitol, they were here to protect our very system of government. The Capitol is one of the most open government buildings in the world, a fact that is directly attributable to the commitment of the Capitol Hill police. For instead of forcing us to make our Nation's capitol impregnable, closing the doors and letting only those with government business enter, the Capitol Police stand in the breech, using themselves as barriers, while allowing the ``People's House'' to truly belong to the people.  Neighbors and family of Officer Chestnut and Special Agent Gibson describe them as generous, giving, and kind. But they were also hard-working, authoritative, and took their jobs very seriously. Because even though their task was comprised partly of peopling our Capitol community with friendly faces and helping hands, they were also here to provide us with the very serious service of protection from violence. And, just as they excelled at working with the public, Officer Chestnut and Special Agent Gibson both proved that they excelled at the task of protecting us, our staffs, and the public from mortal danger. Quite simply, we owe them our lives. And we owe them our lives not only for their actions last Friday, but for their habitual actions--smiling, chatting, continuing the routine of security, all the while putting their lives at risk, every single day.  Mr. Speaker, these men are honored as heroes because they were called upon to make the supreme sacrifice, but they are also heroes because they were constantly prepared to make that sacrifice--for their families, for us, and for the country they believed in. Our words can not bring them back, but we can honor the men, and the values for which they risked, and sacrificed, their lives.  