Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Fazio) for yielding me this time.  First of all, I rise in strong support of the legislation before the House. Secondly, I rise to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Fazio) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Chairman McDade) for continuing the bipartisan tradition of this subcommittee.  As the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) had mentioned earlier, we have two individuals before us who, while Republican and Democrat, always put the public's interest before their party's. They have always put the public's interest before their own, and have continued this subcommittee on a bipartisan track and have provided the House today with a quality piece of legislation.  Mr. Chairman, on a personal note I would say to the gentleman from California (Mr. Fazio), I will miss him. This House will miss him. He is a good friend. He is a leader of our party and of this Nation. He is one of the most competent legislators I have ever known and is possessed of a kind heart. I really, really have appreciated the time I have been able to spend with the gentleman.  Mr. Chairman, I would also say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. McDade) that he too is a friend and is imbued with a great deal of integrity. As I said on an earlier occasion a couple of weeks ago, the most precious thing any of us have to give any other individual is our time, because that is the one thing we all possess in our lives that is limited. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has been selfless in the time that he has given me. He has given me his expertise. He has give me his wisdom. He has given me good advice. Unfortunately, sometimes I do not always want to hear that advice. But more times than not, I followed it to my benefit.  Mr. Chairman, the gentleman too has been a great friend. We all will miss him. And from the bottom of my heart, I deeply appreciate everything he has done for me.  Mr. McDADE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe).  