Speaker, in honor of Black History Month and its 1998 theme, African-Americans in Business, I would like to draw your attention to seven distinguished residents of Indiana's First Congressional District. These business people have achieved stunning success while generously giving of themselves to the community.  Nathaniel Z. Cain is a native of Gary. With his wife, Jacqueline, they raised 3 children, Fred, Jeff and Natalie, and now have 3 grandchildren. Nate started his business career in the automobile industry after serving 4 years in the U.S. Marine Corps and 2 tours of duty in Vietnam. He began working at a Ford dealership in Gary in 1969, began buying stock ownership in dealerships in 1986, and, in 1996, bought the same Ford dealership in Gary in which he had begun his career in 1969. He currently serves as President and Dealer-principal of Tyson Ford and Tyson Lincoln-Mercury and Vice-President of Melrose Lincoln-Mercury.  Nate has been recognized and rewarded for his outstanding achievements throughout his career. He was awarded 4 medals for his service in Vietnam: the National Defense Service medal, two Vietnam service medals (1st & 2nd awards), and the Vietnam campaign medal. He received numerous awards at the Tyson Motor Corp. in Joliet, Illinois, and in 1996 received the ``100 Champions Award'' for the top 100 Lincoln-Mercury Dealers. He has also been listed on Black Enterprise magazine's Top 100 Black Auto Dealers List since 1990. Throughout his career, Nate has been involved in his community, serving on various boards and councils, including the Board of Directors of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Northwest Indiana, the Gary Mental Health Association, the Urban League of Northwest Indiana, the Board of Trustees of the Gary YWCA, the National Auto Dealers Association, the Ford-Lincoln-Mercury Minority Dealers Association, and the Chrysler-Plymouth Minority Dealers Association. His story is clearly a tribute to economic success and civic devotion.  Sharon L. Chambers is an insurance agent with State Farm in Gary, where she lives with her daughter, Sheena. Sharon received a degree from Indiana University and started her own insurance agency in 1984. Sharon has received the ``Outstanding Young Women of America Award,'' and, last year, she was inducted into Gary's first Women's Museum of Cultural Development. Sharon started her own agency with no customers and, for years later, was the number one insurance agent in the State of Indiana. She truly made it on her own. However, Sharon does not focus the story of her success on herself. She talks about the support of Gary citizens, and about the numerous young African-American women who have worked in her office as Marketing Representatives, five of whom have started their own businesses and four of whom have returned to college.  Imogene Harris is a Gary native, who earned her undergraduate degree from Indiana University and undertook graduate studies at Valparaiso and Purdue Universities. She was a teacher with the Gary School Corporation for 12 years and became President and Publisher of the family-owned Harris Printing Co. and INFO News in 1978. She and her husband, James T. Harris, have worked at their business for nearly 48 years. Imogene is actively involved in the community and works with the Gary Chamber of Commerce Board, the Urban League of Northwest Indiana Board, the Gary Accord Board, and the NAACP. Additionally, she holds membership in numerous organizations, including the National Newspaper Publishers Association, the Great Lakes Broadcasting Board, the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, and the Delaney United Methodist Church. She has been honored by the Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, the NAACP (nationally and locally), NCNW and many other organizations. In addition, Imogene has received the Gary Frontiers' ``Drum Major Award'' and the ``Distinguished Hoosier Award.'' She has continually distinguished herself as an individual committed to equality, actively working to eradicate racism and prejudice through providing a forum in which issues can be addressed in a productive manner. She has been committed to the improvement of Gary for 50 years and much of the progress that has been made can clearly be attributed to her.  Roosevelt Haywood came to Indiana from Mississippi in 1948, and he attended Indiana University. He has a wife and seven children and is currently the owner of Haywood Insurance Agency in Gary. Before going into the insurance business, Roosevelt was a member of the United Steelworkers' Local #1014. Roosevelt built his successful business on his own, but he has been an active member of the community while doing so. He is currently Vice-President of the Gary branch of the NAACP, Vice-President of the Gary Black Insurance Agents and Brokers Association, a Deacon-Trustee at his Baptist Church, and a Board Member of the Brothers' Keeper. His record of civil service is extensive. Roosevelt worked as a State Chairman of the Fair Share Organization, a civil rights group that broke down the discrimination barrier over a decade ago in Gary, Michigan City, and East Chicago, Indiana. He founded and served as President of both the Gary United Council of Midtown Businessmen and the Gary Toastmasters International. He also served as Vice-President of the Minority Business Steering Committee and on the Advisory Board of the Urban League. He served as President of the Ambridge-Mann Community Board and the Indiana Association of Black Insurance Professionals. Finally, he served as a member of the Gary Library Board, the Gary Parks and Recreation Board, the Lake Country Economic Opportunity Council, Inc., and the Gary Common Council.  The Reverend F. Brannon Jackson and his wife, Doris, are another Northwest Indiana success story. Reverend Jackson came from Mobile, Alabama in 1946, and became pastor of his church on December 1, 1965. Doris graduated from East Chicago Washington and studied fine arts at the Chicago Art Institute. She opened her own boutique in downtown Gary, and has been in business for almost 17 years. While Reverend Jackson has served as President of the Ordinary General Missionary Baptist State Convention of Indiana, Chairman of the Office of Convention and Meetings for the National Baptist Convention, USA, and Treasurer of the City of Gary's Commission on Economic Development, Mrs. Jackson has supported his efforts in a tangible way by keeping her own shop in downtown Gary, while many of her neighbors moved their businesses elsewhere. Both Reverend and Mrs. Jackson have stood by and sustained downtown development and committed many hours to making Northwest Indiana safe for worship and shopping. They are two beacons in the Gary Community, providing both economic and spiritual leadership.  Dorothy Leavell is the Editor and Publisher of the Crusader Newspapers, which are published in Gary and Chicago. Dorothy attended public school in Arkansas and Roosevelt University in Chicago. In June of 1998, the Chicago Crusader will celebrate 58 years of continuous publishing, and the Gary Crusader will celebrate 37 years of operation. Dorothy took over the newspapers upon the untimely death of her first husband, Balm L. Leavell, Jr. She had been working there for 7 years as an Office Manager and Business Manager before taking over the helm of the Crusader Newspapers in 1968. Dorothy's newspapers have never missed a single issue.  Dorothy has been involved in numerous civic and humane organizations. She founded and sponsored the ``Odyssey Club,'' a teen club at her church, dedicated to raising funds and items necessary for teens to further their educational and career goals. Her contribution to community service has earned her many awards over the years, and she has been recognized with distinction by: the YMCA of Metropolitan Chicago; Holy Name of Mary School Board; Prospair Ladies Social Club, and the National Association of Black Media Women. She has received the Operation PUSH ``Family Affair Award''; ``Fourth District Community Improvement Association Award'' in Gary; ``Dollars and Sense Award''; Mary McLeod Bethune Award''; the ``Publishing Award'' from the National Association of Negro Business and Profession Women's Club, and the ``NNPA's Publisher of the Year Award'' in 1989. Dorothy has been a member of the National Newspaper Publisher Association (NNPA), for more than 25 years, and she is currently serving her second term as president of NNPA, which represents more than 215 African-American newspapers in the United States. Dorothy has always had a keen interest in art, and she donated her personal art collection valued at over $50,000 to the DuSable Museum of African-American History in Chicago in the 1970's. Dorothy is currently married to John Smith, and she has two grown children, Antonio and Genice Leavell. She also raised a niece and nephew, Sharon and Leonard Gonder, and has four grandchildren.  Mamon Powers' college education at Campbell College in Mississippi was interrupted when he was drafted to serve in the European theater during World War II. He served for almost three and a half years, and was discharged as a Sergeant Major in April 1945. He then followed his sweetheart north, and settled in Gary to work in the steel mills. But Mamon did not end up working in the mill, instead deciding to try carpentry. Relying on the experience the had gleaned through this father's long association with the trade, he joined the Carpenters' Local #985, and was the first black carpenter's apprentice in the program. He worked at Means Brothers Construction Co. during the day and at night worked at getting his degree from Horace Mann, from which he graduated in 1949.  He was then noticed by his long-time mentor, Andrew Means, who offered him a Vice-Presidency at Means Developers. Mamon studied Mr. Means' building techniques and financial planning, and in 1955 formed his own partnership with drywall contractor, Hollis Winters. Winters Powers Construction Co. built homes for 9 years before Mamon decided he wanted a company that was truly his own. In 1967, Powers & Sons Construction Co. began. Amidst a city that was changing economically and politically, Mamon changed with the time, branching out into commercial construction, and bringing two of his sons into the business with him. In 1971, Powers & Sons won its first million-dollar contract, and, in 1987, it was named one of the top businesses in the Nation. Black Enterprise magazine has recognized this feat for eight years. Mamon has contributed to many civic and charitable organizations and continues to volunteer and donate his time by lecturing at the various Gary schools on careers in the construction industry. Powers & Sons continues his personal commitment on a professional level by providing scholarships to area youths.  These people are remarkable not just for their astounding business success. They are doubly remarkable for having achieved such success in arenas which were just beginning to open up for African-Americans. Marcus Garvey's prediction, that African-Americans could accomplish what they willed, has been borne truthful by people like these fine citizens of Northwest Indiana.  But the `bootstraps' mentality is only one aspect of Garveyism, and these people's success can be measured in more than just professional terms. These Northwest Indiana leaders exemplify the true extent of success African-American business leaders have achieved; these men and women have not only made successes out of themselves, they have, and continue to, make successes of their communities, by devoting as much of their time and energy to others as they do to themselves. Sharon Chambers talks about the African-American women she has mentored, Mamon Powers talks about the man who mentored him. Roosevelt Haywood talks about participating in organizations which broke down the racial barriers facing African-Americans in the area, and Dorothy Leavell describes donating art in order to inspire other to achieve. The Reverend and Mrs. Jackson couple their work for economic growth with a devotion to community spiritualism. Nate Cain followed his career in the military with a long history of devoting his time to local youths. And Imogene Harris followed a career in teaching children with a career in teaching the community as a whole. George Washington Carver once said, ``How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these.'' These seven people have indeed been tender, compassionate, sympathetic and tolerant. And they have met with great success, both personal and professional, because of it.  In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend my esteemed colleagues, Lou Stokes and Maxine Waters, for arranging today's Special Order on Black History Month. Lou and Maxine truly lead the House of Representatives in promoting racial consciousness, and their tireless work on behalf of African-Americans is unparalleled. With his recent retirement announcement, Lou promises to leave a significant void in the House of Representatives. We will miss him, but I look forward to others benefitting from the example he has provided, as well as continuing his legacy.  