Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. I want to take my time to profoundly thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), the chairman, and the ranking member, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan), as well as the staffs on both the majority and minority side, for their courtesy and consideration in ensuring that the COPS bulletproof Vest initiative was fully funded at the figure of $25 million.  This initiative, which was enacted into law in June of this year, was originally sponsored by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) and myself. It received the bipartisan cosponsorship of 306 individuals in this body, and was passed overwhelmingly by both Houses of Congress.  Essentially, it provides grants for police departments throughout this country to buy bulletproof vests to protect their officers. Prior to the tragedy of 10 days ago in the Capitol, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), as chairman, and the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan), as ranking member, saw the dire need for this legislation, given the fact that before the end of today in America two police officers will be shot, and one out of every four police officers in America today does not have a bulletproof vest.  So I do want to thank both gentlemen, the members of the committee and their staffs, for doing the right thing and for saving innumerable lives of police officers throughout the United States of America.  Mr. Chairman, I rise to express my sincere appreciation to Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Mollohan for including funding for a new program, the COPS Bulletproof Vests Initiative. The bill before us directs $25 million for the creation of a new grant program to help provide state and local law enforcement officers throughout the country with bulletproof vests.  Funding for this program was authorized in Public Law 105-181, which is based on legislation that I, together with our colleague from New Jersey, Mr. LoBiondo, first introduced in the House last November. The measure received strong bipartisan support in the House, attracting 306 co-sponsors before it was voted on and signed into law.  Bulletproof vests and body armor have saved the lives of more than 2,000 police officers. Unfortunately, figures indicate that approximately 25 percent of the nation's 600,000 law enforcement officers don't currently have access to a vest. The Fraternal Order of Police, the National Sheriff's Association, the International Union of Police Associations, and the Police Executive Research Forum have all endorsed the bulletproof vest program that is funded by this bill.  Once again, I wish to thank Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Mollohan, as well as all of my other colleagues who helped bring this important program to fruition.  