Speaker, I rise to express my strong opposition to President Clinton's decision to extend Most-Favored-Nation (MFN) trading status to the People's Republic of China for another year. I also express my full support for H.J. Res. 121, legislation introduced in the House of Representatives that would override the President's decision and revoke China's MFN status.  I am opposed to continuing China's MFN status for three reasons: (1) China's continuing disregard for our nation's trade laws, which has led to a skyrocketing trade deficit; (2) China's atrocious record on human rights; and (3)China's efforts to assist countries such as Iran, Libya, and Pakistan in developing weapons of mass destruction.  During my career in the Congress, I have worked hard to level the playing field for America's working families. I believe that if you work hard and play by the rules, you are entitled to a fair wage that allows you to buy a house, raise a family, and receive a good pension upon retirement. Unfortunately, these values are falling prey to foreign countries that aim to undermine U.S. jobs by producing goods with cheap labor and then violating our trade laws by importing those goods into the U.S.  China is a prime example of a country that engages in this type of behavior. There is irrefutable evidence that China produces consumer goods using slave labor, child labor, and even military labor in order to keep production costs as low as possible. In fact, Chinese workers are paid an average of $2 per day. China then violates U.S.-China trade agreements, including intellectual property laws, quota rules, and numerous other U.S. trade laws as it imports its goods into the United States.  It should come as no surprise that our trade deficit with China has risen from $3 billion in 1989 to a projected $63 billion for 1998. Trade figures for May 1998, show a 28 percent increase in the deficit compared with May 1997. These figures indicate that our trade imbalance with China is growing by more than $1 billion per week.  Out trade deficit with China will only get worse because continuing to grant MFN perpetuates a fundamentally unfair tariff system. Under MFN, the average tariff rate on Chinese goods being imported into the U.S. is just 2 percent, while China sets a whopping 35 percent tariff on U.S. goods. Continuing the current system gives China no incentive to lower its tariff rates or respect the trade laws currently in place. Revoking MFN would increase U.S. tariffs on 95 percent of the goods being imported from China, which will put the brakes on the growing trade deficit and help balance the playing field for American workers.  In the area of human rights, China's record speaks for itself. In 1997, the U.S. Department of State's annual report on human rights repeatedly chastised the Chinese for committing a range of human rights violations. According to the report, ``The [Chinese] government continued to commit widespread and well-documented human rights abuses, in violation of internationally accepted norms stemming from the authorities' very limited tolerance of public dissent, fear of unrest, and the limited scope or inadequate implmentation of laws protecting basic freedoms.''  The evidence is also clear that China continues to provide rogue nations such as Libya, Iran, and Pakistan with assistance in developing nuclear weapons and advanced ballistic missiles. China has supplied Iran with C-802 cruise missiles, which will allow Iran to deliver deadly payloads throughout the Middle East. China has also provided Pakistan with the technical assistance it needed to develop nuclear weapon capabilities. Recent reports even indicate that the Chinese were testing advanced ballistic missiles while President Clinton was visiting their country last month.  Mr. Speaker, China was originally granted MFN status with the hope that doing so would encourage China to lower its tariffs, improve its record on human rights, and become a responsible member of the international community. Seventeen years later, China's record on these issues shows little improvement. It is time to reject those who say ``constructive engagement'' is the only way to deal with the Chinese government, and revoke MFN status until China commits itself to making trade fairer, people freer, and the world safer.  