Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  At the outset of my remarks, I too would like to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. McCollum), the chairman of the subcommittee, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster) the ranking member, for their tireless work on behalf of this legislation.  I would be remiss also at the outset of my remarks if I did not express my heartfelt gratification and thanks to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo), the lead cosponsor of this legislation. Without his tireless efforts on behalf of securing most of those 306 cosponsors, we would not be here this afternoon, and I deeply appreciate his help.  I also want to recognize the tireless efforts of Jeff Gerhardt, a member of my staff, who worked tirelessly on behalf of passage of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Act, which I sponsored. I initially identified the need for such a bill when I found out that many gang members and drug dealers in northwest Indiana had the protection of bulletproof vests, while many of the police officers that patrol the streets in my district did not. I was stunned.  I believe that sworn police officers who are issued a badge should also be issued a bulletproof vest. I believe that if we are going to ask men and women to risk their lives to make our streets safe, then we owe them every bit of protection possible. Unfortunately, we often fall short.  Studies show that between 1985 and 1994, 709 police officers were killed while on duty, and over 92 percent of those deaths were caused by firearms. It is a nondisputed fact that bulletproof vests are extremely effective in protecting officers from death and injury. Between 1985 and 1994, no police officer who was wearing a vest was killed by a firearm penetrating the vest. Unfortunately, before today ends, 2 police officers in the United States of America will be shot.  Despite these statistics, close to 25 percent of the Nation's 600,000 State and local law enforcement officers do not have access to a vest. That means that there are approximately 150,000 officers that are placed in harm's way without the most effective protection we can give them.  I was even more troubled to learn the reason why so many officers do not have vests. During a visit I made to the local chapter of the Fraternal Order of Police in Dyer, Indiana, officers explained to me that bulletproof vests are prohibitively expensive. A good vest can cost upwards of $500. Many small departments, as well as some larger ones, simply cannot afford to purchase vests for all of their officers, a fact which sometimes forces officers to purchase their own.  The problem is particularly pronounced for small, rural police departments. Statistics show that officers in smaller departments are much less likely to have vests than their counterparts in large metropolitan staffs.  H.R. 2829 would meet the goal of saving officers' lives by authorizing up to $25 million per year for a new grantprogram within the Justice Department providing 50-50 matching grants to State and local law enforcement agencies. These grants would be targeted to jurisdictions where most officers do not currently have access to vests, and they are designed to be free of the red tape that often characterizes other grant programs. In order to make sure that no community is left out of the program, half of the funds are reserved for jurisdictions with fewer than 100,000 residents.  In closing, our legislation is intended to create a partnership with State and local law enforcement agencies in order to make sure that every police officer who needs a bulletproof vest gets one.  Mr. Speaker, this Friday the Nation will come together to mourn the loss of its slain officers on National Police Memorial Day. We pass this bill with the hope that next year, when our Nation's police officers meet in Washington, D.C. to mourn the loss of their fallen colleagues, there will be fewer names added to the wall. There will be more children who still have a mother or father because of what we do today.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand up in support of police officers everywhere and vote for passage of H.R. 2829.  Mr. McCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Buyer), a member of the committee.  