Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Traficant) for yielding this time to me, and I think thank you's are also in order for the leadership for finally bringing this important issue to a vote on a real steel resolution for the House of Representatives, and I do want to add my compliments as well to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) for his leadership on this issue.  The gentleman from Illinois in his remarks indicated that we might be vulnerable, if we pass this resolution today, to retaliation. I will sharply disagree. We have been attacked already. Imports are up from Japan in the first 7 months of this year 114 percent. We have been attacked by Indonesia whose exports to the United States of steel products are up over 300 percent. We have been attacked by South Korea whose steel exports to the United States are up 89 percent.  Now, as I mentioned earlier on the floor today, there is a letter being circulated by the so-called American Institute for International Steel. Because the steel companies on behalf of themselves and behalf of those workers whose jobs are threatened have finally filed trade cases to protect themselves in their very existence, the International Steel Institute has sent out a letter dated September 30 saying the earliest date for the withholding of liquidations would be December 9. Under the law, any imports that arrive during this period, i.e., September 30 to December 9, cannot be touched by any dumping duty that may be found.  Thank you, International Steel Institute. The translation is, dump now,dump often, dump a lot but do it by December 9.  I am not worried about retaliation, Mr. Speaker. I am worried about the attack we are under.  The administration has not acted and that is why we are here today in this House under the bipartisan resolution of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Traficant) to call upon the administration to act.  I would further disagree with the assertions of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Crane). This does not demand a ban. It allows a ban, and I ask my colleagues to support the Traficant bipartisan resolution.  