Speaker, I rise today to mark the twenty-fourth anniversary of Turkey's invasion, and subsequent occupation, of Cyprus.  It is extremely disturbing to me that every year we are compelled to gather in this chamber to remind the world of the horrible events that led to the division of Cyprus, and to remember those who were killed, injured, or displaced when Turkey invaded the island in 1974. It is clear to me and to most of my colleagues, as well as a vast majority of the international community, that Cyprus must be made whole again and Turkey must be held accountable for its reprehensible actions in dividing the island  Fourteen years after gaining its independence from Great Britain, Cyprus was illegally and brutally invaded by 6,000 Turkish troops and 40 tanks. These troops proceeded to sweep over the northern section of Cyprus, occupying nearly 40 percent of the island. The ensuring fighting killed thousands of Cypriots and forced hundreds of thousands from their homes. Today, more than 1,600 people are still unaccounted for, five of whom are United States citizens.  Twenty-four years after the invasion, we gather to remember those who died and to ensure that the world never forgets that Cyprus is a land divided. More than 35,000 Turkish troops continue to occupy Cyprus in violation of international law. A barbed wire fence and so-called ``Green Zone,'' which is patrolled by United Nations, cuts across the island, separating families from their property and splitting this once beautiful country in half. To this day, the Turkish government refuses to allow Greek-Cypriots who were forced to flee to the southern part of the island from returning to their homes.  Last year, I was encouraged when President Clinton appointed special envoy Richard Holbrooke to help broker a peaceful resolution and unify the island. Unfortunately, Turkey refused to negotiate in good faith, and no agreement was reached. As Mr. Holbrooke put it,``There is no doubt that the Turkish side was responsible for the collapse of the talks.'' Even though Mr. Holbrooke is taking over as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, I hope President Clinton will continue to help foster a peaceful and united Cyprus.  The occupation of Cyprus is one of the reasons that I offered an amendment to the Fiscal Year 1997 Foreign Operations appropriations bill that would have effectively cut $25 million in United States economic aid to Turkey. This amendment, which the House overwhelmingly approved by a vote of 301 to 118, sends a clear message to Turkey that its illegal and immoral occupation of Cyprus will not be tolerated by this country.  Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join with my colleagues in standing up against Turkish oppression in Cyprus. I would especially like to extend my thanks to the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, for his tireless work to ensure that the people of Cyprus are not forgotten. Twenty-four years is a long time to wait, but it is my sincerest hope that our actions will help persuade Turkey to end its unlawful occupation of Cyprus.  