Chairman, I rise today to express my deep and serious concerns about the budget resolution brought to the floor today by the Republican Leadership.  First, let me say that I have nothing but respect for my colleague from Ohio, Mr. Kasich, and the work he has done during his tenure as Chairman of the Budget Committee. However, I believe the budget resolution produced by his committee follows a misguided set of priorities and would move our country in the wrong direction.  I am particularly concerned about the large tax cuts called for in this resolution. The measure provides for more than $100 billion in tax cuts over the next five years. I feel that the best tax cut for the American family is a balanced federal budget. Balancing the budget--and keeping it balanced--leads to lower interest rates, more job creation, and strong economic growth. With projections showing the federal budget will be balanced for the first time in almost 30 years, we should not risk returning to the era of deficit spending by enacting massive tax cuts at this time.  I am also concerned about plans to pay for these tax cuts by cutting more than $45 billion in discretionary spending. While I am tremendously pleased that we have finally managed to balance the budget, and I voted for the spending cuts enacted last year, we must realize that discretionary spending has already absorbed crippling cuts. In 1962, discretionary spending accounted for more than two-thirds of all federal spending. Today, discretionary spending accounts for about one-third of the federal budget, while mandatory spending takes up just under two-thirds of the budget.  The budget resolution asks us to continue this trend by cutting more than can be reasonably expected from discretionary spending programs, while doing virtually nothing to reform the entitlement programs that have grown so fast over the past thirty years.  Therefore, I believe we should resist calls to enact massive tax cuts and focus instead on balancing the federal budget and keeping it balanced. The spending cuts contained in last year's balanced budget agreement kept us squarely on the path to fiscal responsibility, which was begun in 1993. We will be far better off if we do nothing, and stick to that agreement, than if we follow the recommendations contained in the budget resolution weare considering today. And if, as projected, this year's budget should produce a surplus, I am committed to the following three priorities:  First, we should take steps to reform and provide for the long-term fiscal health of Social Security, Medicare, and other federal retirement programs without increasing the payroll tax.  Second, I believe it is absolutely imperative that we begin paying down the massive federal debt. Since 1980, the gross federal debt has grown more than five times in size to nearly $5.5 trillion. Today, the debt is two-thirds the size of our nation's Gross Domestic Product, and interest payments on the debt consume 15 cents of every dollar in federal spending.  Think about how much better off we would be if this money did not have to be spent on interest payments. For every $1 billion in debt we retire, we would save $55 million each year in interest payments. Most economists say that reducing the debt, and thereby shrinking interest payments, would reduce interest rates, increase savings rates, keep the tax burden down, and make more money available in both the public and private sectors to fuel continued economic growth.  Finally, we should be investing more in this country's economic infrastructure--such as roads, inland waterways, sewage treatment plants, and airports--in order to make American workers and businesses more productive and profitable.  Improving roads, updating sewer systems, modernizing airports, and making sure our communications system is ready for the 21st century enhances our international competitiveness and helps American workers remain the most productive in the world.  Despite the obvious benefits, many infrastructure projects are not receiving adequate funds or are simply being ignored. For instance, a 1995 Department of Transportation study found that nearly one-third of the roads in this country are in poor or mediocre condition. The Department of Defense estimates that it will be at least 12 years before adequate housing can be built for every soldier in the U.S. armed forces. The Environmental Protection Agency estimates the federal government will need to invest more than $275 billion to meet the nation's water and sewer system needs over the next 20 years.  Mr. Speaker, we have a moral responsibility to provide a solid and fiscally secure future for the generations that will follow us. The Republican budget resolution fails to provide a bright future for our children and grandchildren, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it.  