Speaker, I also want to express my appreciation to the gentleman from California (Mr. Matsui) for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to fast track, given the experience historically we have had with NAFTA. We have had 124,000 jobs certified as having been lost because of NAFTA.  I would remind my colleagues the math works out to 72 workers a day since the inception of NAFTA have lost their jobs. Before the end of business today, 72 more American citizens are going to be certified as having lost their job because of NAFTA.  I rise in strong opposition to fast track.  But in fairness to the other side, there are potentially some reasons why Members might want to vote for it. The average real hourly wage in 1973 was $12 an hour. In 1997, it was $12.28, about 1 penny a year increase. If Members think that is enough for the American workers they represent, maybe they do want to vote for fast track.  If Members think that every household in America ought to have two workers for what one worker could provide in 1950, then fast track is for them. Thirty percent of American households in 1950 had one worker. Today, 53 percent need two workers.  If Members think it is a good idea to have a trade deficit with Mexico and other countries instead of trade surpluses, this is the thing for them. In 1993, we had a trade surplus with Mexico of $1.7 billion. Today, our deficit is $14.5 billion.  If Members think we ought to not have a strong steel industry in America, fast track is for them. We had a 100,000 ton steel surplus with Mexico in 1993. We have a 2.2 million ton deficit today.  Health care, if Members do not think workers need health care benefits or pensions or need a job, fast track is for them. I grew up in a neighborhood, I grew up in an America believing that the next generation should be better off. That is what we should be about. Those are the negotiations we ought to undertake to make sure that every American worker, every worker worldwide, has an improved standard of living.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my vehement opposition to Fast Track legislation. The last president to have Fast Track used it to give us the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Since January 1, 1994, when NAFTA went into effect, our country has lost 124,000 jobs as a result of NAFTA. That breaks down to a loss of 72 jobs each day. 72 American citizens each day watch their jobs move out of this country and out of their communities. Before we leave tonight, an additional 72 Americans will be unemployed.  But its not just a problem of losing jobs. America's workers are seeing a sharp decline in their quality of life thanks to NAFTA and unfair trade. If you don't care about workers' quality of life, then vote for Fast Track.  The average real hourly wage for working Americans in 1973 was $12.00 per hour. In 1997, the average real hourly wage for working Americans was $12.28 per hour. That is an increase of one penny per year. One extra penny to pay bills, buy shoes for your children and put food on the table. If your family can survive on an annual raise of one extra cent per hour, then Fast Track is for you.  30% of American households in 1950 had two people working outside the home. Today, 53% of all families have two incomes. Two Americans today must work to make the equivalent of one income in 1950. If you believe that two adults in every household should have to work in order to support a family, then Fast Track is for you.  Our neighbor to the South, Mexico, is one of our largest trading partners. In the fiscal year prior to NAFTA, FY 1993, the U.S. had a trade surplus of $1.7 billion with Mexico. In FY 1997, the U.S. had a $14.5 billion trade deficit with Mexico. If you think that we ought to increase our trade deficits with other nations, then Fast Track is for you.  In 1993, The American steel industry saw a trade surplus with Mexico of 100,000 tons of steel. In 1997, the steel industry saw a trade deficit with Mexico of 2.2 million tons. If you think that we need to put the American steel industry out of business, laying off hundreds of thousands of U.S. steelworkers, then Fast Track is for you.  Because of jobs lost to NAFTA, many of our citizens have had to take lower-paying jobs with no benefits and no pensions. If you think that our citizens are not entitled to have a job that provides health benefits for themselves and their children, then vote for Fast Track. If you think that the hard working men and women of this country do not deserve a pension for their retirement years, then, yes, Fast Track is for you.  If it is fine with you that at the end of this day, at the end of this debate, 72 more people will be without work and unable to provide for their families, then vote for Fast Track. If you can live with the fact that you have sent American industry to foreign lands to make a profit without regard to workers' safety, human rights or the environment, then please, vote for Fast Track.  The American Dream has always promised that the next generation would have a better life, not a lower standard of living. American workers should not have to lower their standard of living just to compete with foreign workers who make $3.00 a day. If you want to sacrifice the American Dream for the working people of our nation, then vote for Fast Track.  I can't do that. I can't support raising hourly wages by a penny a year. I can't support forcing more and more households to rely on two incomes. I can't support turning trade surpluses into deficits. I can't support denying health insurance and pensions to workers. I can't support undercutting worker safety, human rights or the environment. I can't support sacrificing the American Dream for the workers of America. I cannot and will not support Fast Track.  