 But first let me just say, these are dark days in the history of the Senate. I hate that we have come to this point. We have witnessed the majority leader break his word to the Senate.  Now our request for a joint meeting of all the Senators has been set for Monday night--a time when attendance around here is frequently quite spotty--in an obvious effort to keep as many of his Members from hearing the concerns and arguments of the other side as possible. It remains our view that for this to be the kind of joint session of the Senate that it ought to be, given the tendency of the Senate to have sparse attendance on a Monday night, to have this meeting on Tuesday before it is too late.  Having said that, a more expeditious way to accomplish most of what the majority leader is trying to accomplish would be achieved by the following consent: I ask unanimous consent that on Tuesday at 2:15, the Senate proceed to consecutive votes on the confirmation of the following nominations: No. 104, that is Pearce to be a member of the NLRB; No. 102, Johnson, to be a member of the NLRB, and No. 103, Miscimarra, to be a member of the NLRB.  I might just say, parenthetically, if those nominees were confirmed, coupled with the two nominees illegally appointed, whose illegal appointments' term continue until the end of the year, the NLRB would have a full complement of five members and able to conduct its business.  I further ask consent that following those votes, the Senate proceed to the cloture motion filed on Calendar No. 99; that is, Perez, to be Secretary of Labor; and, further, if cloture is invoked, the Senate immediately proceed to a vote on the confirmation of the nomination--I would add, parenthetically, that would eliminate the post 30 hours, assuming cloture were invoked on the very controversial nominee, Perez, to be Secretary of Labor--further, the Senate then vote on the cloture motion filed on Calendar No. 98, McCarthy, to be EPA Director; and if cloture is invoked, the Senate proceed to a vote on the confirmation of the nomination--also eliminating the 30 hours postcloture if cloture is invoked on McCarthy; and I might add that the ranking member of the environment committee supports cloture on the McCarthy nomination. Thereby, it is reasonable to assume that cloture would be invoked on what is for a lot of our Members, including myself, a very controversial nomination. I further ask consent that the Senate then vote on the cloture motion that was filed on Calendar No. 178--this is someone named Hochberg, to be president of theExport-Import Bank--again, if cloture is invoked, the Senate proceed to an immediate vote on the confirmation of that nomination--again, eliminating the 30 hours postcloture, assuming cloture is invoked; and I assume that it will be--finally, I ask consent that following the votes listed above the Senate proceed to the cloture votes on the remaining three filed cloture motions.  Now, before the Chair rules, what this allows, as I indicated, is for the Senate to work efficiently through a series of nominations in a quicker fashion than the majority leader has proposed.  They would get their votes and there would not be a delay. This would only leave discussion and votes on the three remaining illegally--according to the Federal court--the three remaining illegally appointed nominations. That is my unanimous consent.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coons). Is there objection?  