 President, at the outset of the debate we have been engaged in, I expressed my hope that we could do something about our Nation's broken immigration system. Millions of men and women are living among us without any documentation or certainty about what the future will bring for themselves or their families. Many of those who come here legally end up staying here illegally. We have no way of knowing who or where they are. And current law simply does not take into account the urgent needs of a modern rapidly changing economy.  Beyond all of this, it has long been a deep conviction of mine that from our earliest days as a people immigration has been a powerful force of renewal and national strength. Most of the people who have come here over the centuries have come as dreamers and risk-takers, looking for a chance for a better life for themselves and for their children.  I can think of no better example of this than my wife, who came here at age 8 in the cargo hull of a ship because her parents did not have the money for a plane ticket. When she entered the third grade at a public school in New York, she did not speak a word of English. Yet, in just a few short decades, she would be sworn in as a member of the President's Cabinet--an honor and an opportunity she could hardly have guessed at when she was just a little girl. This is the kind of story that has made this Nation what it is. Legal immigration makes that possible.  So, yes, I had wanted very much to be able to support a reform to our Nation's immigration laws. I knew it would be tough, and the politics are not particularly easy either. But the fact is that our constituents did not send us here to name post offices and pass Mother's Day resolutions; they sent us here to tackle the hard stuff too.  Broad bipartisan majorities agree that our immigration system needs updating. In my view we had an obligation to our constituents at least to try to do it, to try to do it together and in the process show the world we can still solve national problems around here and reaffirm the vital role legal immigration has played in our history. So it is with a great deal of regret--for me, at least--that the final bill did not turn out to be something I can support. 