 President, the majority leader always reminds me he can have the last word. I am sure he can have the last word again. Speaking for Senator Vitter, he did ask for a lot of information from the new prospective Administrator of the EPA--so did Senator Boxer. She asked for 70,000 pages herself. But he was satisfied with the responses he got. This is how the process ought to work. This is how it has worked for decades. You are trying to get answer to questions. You are trying to engage in some kind of prediction as to how somebody might operate in the future.  What the majority leader has been saying all along is he wants the confirmation process to be speedy and for the minority to sit down and shut up. He believes that advise and consent means sit down and shut up; confirm these nominees when I tell you to.  The reason he is having to take a lot of heat over this is because he has broken his word to the Senate, given last January, that we had resolved the rules issue for this Congress. I know for a fact, even though he may get his 51 votes, there are a lot of Democrats who are not happy with where the leader is.  When they tell me that--the Republican I expect they would be least likely to want to tell that to--I know what is going on here. They have been hammered into line. This has been personalized by the majority leader: You have to do this for me. What is astonishing is he is saying, you have to do this for me because you have to help me break my word and go back on everything I said in my own biography just a few years ago. You have to help me look bad. You have to help me break my word, violate what I said in my own biography, create unnecessary controversy in the Senate, which has done major bills on a bipartisan basis all year long and had begun to get back to normal.  This is very hard to understand. This is why my Members are astonished at where we are. They are scratching their heads, saying: Who manufactured this crisis? We know who manufactured it, the guy right over here to my left. So this is a very sad day for the Senate. If we do not pull back from the brink, my friend the majority leader is going to be remembered as the worst leader of the Senate ever, the leader of the Senate who fundamentally changed the body.  It makes me sad. Some of my Members are more angry. I am more sad about it. But it is a shame we have come to this. I sure hope all the Democratic Senators are there Monday night. I am certainly going to encourage my Members to be there. It is high time we sat down and tried to understand each other, because many Members on the other side are hearing a different version of the facts that are largely unrelated to reality.  I know my friend the majority leader will have the last word. He reminds me of that frequently, on a daily basis, that the difference between being the majority leader and the minority leader is he gets the last word. So I will yield the floor and listen to the last word.  