 It is good news for our country and good news for our democracy. Now that that is behind us, we can get back to debating the issues our constituents are the most concerned about, and for a lot of my constituents they are concerned about ObamaCare.  This is a law that was basically passed against their will and it is a law that is now being imposed upon them by a distant bureaucracy headquartered here in Washington. If the folks in DC are to be believed, its implementation is going just swimmingly. The Democratic leader in the House of Representatives called it ``fabulous.'' The President said the law is ``working the way it's supposed to.'' And my friend the majority leader said the other day that ``ObamaCare has been wonderful for America.''  Fabulous? Wonderful? These are not the kinds of words one normally associates with a deeply unpopular law, or one that media reports suggest is already having a very painful impact on Americans we represent. Which sets up an important question for Senators to consider: Just who are we prepared to believe here when it comes to ObamaCare: the politicians who have developed it or the people who are reacting to it?  The politicians in Washington who forced this law on the country say everything is fantastic. They spent millions on slick ads with smiling actors and sunny-sounding scripts that blissfully--I am being kind here--blissfully dismiss what the reality of this law will actually look like to so many Americans, or what the reality of the law has already become for some of them. That is why the people have taken an entirely different view. They are the ones worried about losing the coverage they like and want to keep, which is understandable given the growing number of news stories about insurance companies pulling out of States and markets altogether. They are the ones worried about their jobs and pay checks.  Each anecdote we hear about a college cutting hours for its employees or a restaurant freezing hiring or a small business already taking the ax to its workforce at such an early stage--each of them is a testament to just how well this law has been working out for the people we were sent to represent.  According to the chamber of commerce's small business survey released just yesterday, anxiety about the requirements of ObamaCare now surpass economic uncertainty as the top worry for small business. The impact of ObamaCare now surpasses economic uncertainty as the top worry for small business owners.  Here is another thing: When even cheerleaders for the law start to become its critics, that is when we know there is something to this train wreck everybody keeps talking about.  Unions are livid--even though they helped pass the law--because they see their members losing care and becoming less competitive as a result of it. That is why they fired off an angry letter to Congress just this week.  The California Insurance Commissioner is troubled too--even though he has been one of ObamaCare's biggest boosters. He is so worried about fraud that he warned we might ``have a real disaster on our hands.'' Well, it is hard to argue with him.  The President was so worried about some of this law turning into a disaster that he selectively delayed a big chunk of it, but he only did that for businesses. He just delayed it for businesses.  A constituent of mine was recently interviewed by a TV station in Paducah, and here is what she said about the President's decision: ``It ain't right.'' Well, she is not alone.  We can argue about whether the President even had the power to do what he did, but here is the point today: If businesses deserve a reprieve because the law is a disaster, then families and workers do too. If this law isn't working the way it is supposed to, then it is a terrible law. If it is not working as planned, then it is not right to foist it on the middle class while exempting business.  That is why the House will vote this week to at least try to remedy that. It is an important first step to giving all Americans and all businesses what they need, which is not a temporary delay for some but a permanent delay for everyone.  The politicians pushing ObamaCare might not like that, but they are not the ones who are having to live with this thing the same way most Americans will have to live with it.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Baldwin). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  