 President, I would like to wrap up, if I might. Let me begin by saying that you have just heard on our side from four women Senators and the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, who is not lucky enough to be a woman, but from four women. All of us have been pregnant; all of us have given birth to a child; two of us are grandparents. And I think among the four of us there is an understanding of the vicissitudes and the problems that are inherent both in our physiology as well as in a pregnancy. It is my contention that the bill before us, H.R. 1122, is about much more than one procedure.  Let me quote from the only Member among us who is a physician in his comments yesterday on this floor. I am reading from the Congressional Record.       From the outset, I will admit that it has been difficult      for me to imagine how a procedure that is not taught in      residency programs where obstetricians are trained--it is not      taught today; it is not referenced in our peer-reviewed      journals, which is really the substance, the literature      through which we teach each other and share information; it      is not in peer-reviewed journals--it is a little bit hard for      me to understand how people could argue that this is the best      procedure available. Really until the recent controversy,      many practitioners who you talk to had never heard of this      particular procedure.  In fact, that is the case. I would now like to quote from the AMA report of the board of trustees dated yesterday:       From a medical perspective the language used in the      proposed legislation--H.R. 1122--``partially vaginally      deliver a living fetus before killing the fetus and      completing the delivery'' does not refer to a specific      obstetrical/surgical technique, nor does it refer to a      specific stage of gestation (i.e., pre- or post-viability).      In fact, the description in the proposed legislation could be      interpreted to include many recognized abortion and obstetric      techniques (such as those used during dilation and evacuation      (D & E)) or other procedures used to induce abortion.  This is exactly my concern about H.R. 1122. I think H.R. 1122, as I described earlier, is in fact a Trojan horse. It is not what it seems to be. Not one medical procedure is referenced in H.R. 1122. Rather, a vague definition of what is called partial-birth abortion. Partial-birth abortion is referred to nowhere in any of the medical literature. I believe the reason this bill is drafted that way is because it is much broader in what it intends to do. I believe what it intends to do is essentially stop second- and third-trimester abortions with no consideration for the woman's health.  Now, you have heard here today, you have heard descriptions by my colleague, Senator Boxer, and by myself, and by the other women, of instances of malformed, seriously malformed, fetuses which cannot sustain life outside the womb. Yet, leaving a woman to have to deliver these babies could present a considerable risk to her health.  Now, what we are struggling to do is find a way to say we agree there should not be third-trimester abortions, except--except when the life or the health of the mother is at risk. And then we are trying to set a definition of health that will meet the constitutional test of Roe versus Wade.  What is clear to me is that restrictive definitions of health will not meet the constitutional test of Roe versus Wade. So we have taken the definition that we believe will stand the test of constitutionality, ``serious, adverse health consequences for the woman,'' and we, more fundamentally in the regulations we prescribe in section 4 of our bill, say, ``We are requiring an attending physician, described in section 2(b), to certify to the Department of Health and Human Services that, in the best medical judgment of the physician, the abortion described was medically necessary to preserve the life or to avert serious adverse health consequences to the woman involved.'' And then--this is the important language--``and to describe the medical indications supporting the judgment.'' So that the physician who makes the decision that the life or health of the mother is dependent on an abortion must support that, must indicate what his medical judgments were, must indicate what the condition of the fetus was.  One of the big problems in this debate--and I say this respectfully to the Senator from Pennsylvania, because reasonable people can differ--is that conditions of the health of the mother and conditions of the fetus can also vary. We all know there are medical diagnoses. We know that within these medical diagnoses the severity can differ. Conditions have different degrees of seriousness. Severe, serious abnormalities incompatible with life--that is also what we are talking about in this bill. I believe that within the confines of Roe versus Wade, we have developed a constitutional measure which prohibits third-trimester abortions, provides a health and life exception that is constitutional, provides that the medical doctor must give his reasons and his findings as to why, if he does perform a third-trimester abortion, he or she is performing it, and outline these conditions. And we also provide substantial penalties--$100,000 on the first offense plus referral to the State Board of Medical Examiners for possible suspension of the medical license; and on a second offense, up to $250,000 and referral to the State Board of Medical Examiners for possible revocation of licensing.  These are very hefty sums. I believe they provide a sufficient deterrent to the practice of third-trimester abortions unless the most serious situation is present.  