  I rise to support his arguments, to indicate my support for House Joint Resolution 36. Madam President, I recently returned from a few days in Nepal. If you go to Nepal, you will see that about 35 percent of the children die before the age of 5, and they die before the age of 5 because they are impoverished. They don't have enough food, and they die. This is true in many areas, particularly undeveloped countries, all around the world.  I think that one of the most important and effective components of U.S. foreign assistance has been our family planning programs. I believe these programs reduce poverty, I believe they improve health, I believe they raise living standards around the world, and they enhance, certainly, the ability of couples and individuals to determine the number and spacing of their children.  I think many of us in this country take that opportunity for granted. Most of us have had the freedom to make choices about how we live our lives by planning the size of our families. But in poorer countries where contraceptive options are not available, women have much higher birth rates, and the more children they have, the higher the poverty rates. Children are malnourished, many get sick, many die.  UNICEF estimates that 34,000 children under the age of 5 die every day--every day--in developing countries. And it is not just children. UNICEF further estimates that 600,000 women die of pregnancy-related causes each year and that unsafe abortions are responsible for 75,000 of these deaths. By giving women the opportunity to plan their pregnancies, lives are saved--the lives of women and their children.  So the need for these family planning programs could hardly be clearer. Unfortunately, because of this dispute between the House and the Senate last year, the compromise the Senator from Vermont referred to was reached, but that delayed the release of family planning funds until July 1, or March 1, if the President found the delay was harming these programs and Congress agreed.  The President has made the finding, arguing, I think, persuasively that the delay thus far has forced many programs to suspend or defer their operations and that further delay, until July, could cause them to shut down.  Already, programs serving over 700,000 people annually in Bolivia, the Philippines, Ecuador, and elsewhere, have been suspended.  Two weeks ago, the House voted 220 to 209 to agree with the President's finding. So the vote in the Senate is crucial.  If we concur with the President and the House, we can release these life-saving funds only 5 months late instead of 9 months late. The difference is critical.  Some have tried to draw a connection between our family planning programs and abortion. But no connection exists. Since 1973, U.S. law has prohibited any USAID funds from being used to pay for abortions as a method of family planning or to coerce any person to have an abortion. All our programs are voluntary and they involve contraception, not abortion. Programs are rigorously monitored to ensure strict compliance.  So the argument that these programs cause an increase in abortion is simply a red herring. It is actually worse than a red herring in a sense because it is patently and demonstrably false. In fact, it stands the truth on its head. It is the delay in our family planning programs that is actually causing an increase in abortions.  The evidence is clear. When family planning options are available, fewer unintended pregnancies occur, and abortions decline.  In Russia where the average Russian woman used to have a stunning seven or eight abortions in her lifetime, family planning has made a huge difference. With United States assistance, organizations like the Russian Family Planning Association have raised the rate of contraceptive use from 19 percent to 24 percent from 1990 to 1994. Even that modest increase produced results. In the same period, the Russian Department of Health reported that the total number of abortions performed dropped from 3.6 million to 2.8 million. That is 800,000 fewer abortions. This is specific, irrefutable, documented, statistical proof that family planning moneys drop and lower the rate of abortion.  The story repeats itself over and over. In Mexico, in Colombia, wherever USAID has funded family planning, this is the case.  So facts are facts. And the link is clear. As our esteemed former colleague, Mark Hatfield, who was and is a proudly pro-life Senator, reminded us each time we voted on this issue, family planning assistance prevents abortion.  So this vote is about one thing and one thing only--it is about giving women in the developing world a chance to make their lives and the lives of their children better, safer, healthier, and more fulfilling.  I believe we have every reason and every interest to give them that chance. I hope every Member of this body does as well. So I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. I thank the Chair. I thank the Senator from Vermont.  