  Mr. President, in my 4\1/2\ years in this body, I have not seen an effort as egregious, as badly flawed, as unfair as the base closure process. I happen to have great respect for the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Michigan, but I think to adopt this amendment at this time is really only to continue this kind of egregious pursuit. I hope, in the course of my remarks, to at least point out some of the areas where I find the base closure process very wanting.  The Senator from Arizona spoke of States with big electoral clout, and I would have to plead guilty. No State has bigger electoral clout than California. I also hasten to point out that no State has suffered more base closures than California--29 bases cited for closure to date, and the largest number of jobs lost all across this Nation. In net jobs lost to date, California has lost 123,000 net jobs. The next State in net jobs lost is Pennsylvania at 35,000. So we are more than four times Pennsylvania's job loss. The next highest State in total number of bases closed to California is Texas, then Pennsylvania, then New York, then Illinois.  If I really believed that this was going to end up being an important cost saving for the U.S. military, I would say, ``All right, Dianne, you may represent this State, but, by and large, this is for the best interest of the military.'' I don't believe it, and I have seen no evidence to date to corroborate that. I believe strongly that it is much too soon to begin another round without having some of this information.  We don't know how much the four rounds cost. We don't know how much the four rounds have saved. And we haven't met our commitments to local communities impacted by these closures, despite the letter of the distinguished Secretary of Defense to the contrary.  The CBO--even the CBO--the 1995 BRAC Commission, they both say wait. CBO recommends waiting until at least 2001 for another round. They say:       The Congress should consider authorizing an additional      round of base closures if the Department of Defense believes      that there is a surplus of military capacity after--  And I stress the word ``after''--     all rounds of BRAC have been carried out. That consideration,      however, should follow an interval during which DOD and      independent analysts examine the actual impact of the      measures that have been taken thus far.  (