 President, we begin the 105th Congress with a sober recognition of the fact that the Federal Government cannot solve all problems. Anyone who questions this premise need only look at painful choices that must be made in order to balance the Federal budget, our first and most difficult task this session.  Having said that, the clearest message, I think, sent to us this past November was that the people of America want Republicans and Democrats to work together to solve real problems. I have been very concerned and I might even say dismayed by statements made by Members of this body and the House, that under no circumstances will there be any changes, no matter how meritorious, no matter how necessary, to the welfare bill which passed last year.  Mr. President, when this body debated and approved the historic welfare reform bill last year, I outlined to my colleagues what I saw as some of the major flaws in the drafting of that bill, and as a result, the impact that this legislation will have on the largest State in the Union--California. I want to take an opportunity this afternoon to update those comments.  The impact of this bill on California is huge. At this stage, it really is not fully known or even understood. Some estimate that California will absorb about $17 billion of the $55 billion saved by this bill. That is a body blow to our safety net. It could have a catastrophic impact both financially and in terms of human lives. I voted, because of this, against that welfare bill.  I am not alone in my concerns. Even the Republican Governors, many of them poster-children for the reform effort, are looking at the fine print now and saying, ``How is my State going to pay for these costs? How are we going to provide the necessary care? How are we going to meet these requirements without turning people out on the streets?''--for some, in large numbers. Even the Republican Governors are asking for changes.  A headline in the Washington Post 2 days ago said it pretty clearly: ``After getting responsibility for welfare, States may pass it down,'' something that I, as a county supervisor and a mayor for some 18 years, recognize that it is exactly the way it goes. The buck usually stops with the lowest rung of a government. That is just what is going to happen with this bill. In California, a proposition 13 State, there is no way for local governments to raise their taxes or their revenue potential to deal with the problem.  In the months since the passage of the welfare bill, I directed my staff to examine how this bill would impact California counties. To date, my staff has met with the welfare directors of 22 out of California's 58 counties. Their pleas were nearly universal. I will share them with you. The work requirements, they say, as currently outlined in the bill will most probably not be attainable even under the most optimistic of circumstances. The child care funds in the bill for California are not enough to satisfy the requirements of the bill. The legal immigrant provisions denying food stamps and SSI, particularly to the elderly, the sick, and the disabled, will have a devastating impact on county general assistance programs. The biggest impact will be on the largest county in the State, Los Angeles County. And the counties tell me they have no computer ability to track and monitor recipients under the new rules. How do they comply?  Some of the changes asked for by these counties are technical in nature, such as increasing the time permitted for job search to be more realistic for areas where the average search even for nonwelfare recipients is twice as long as that permitted under the bill. Other changes are more fundamental, such as restoring some assistance to the elderly and disabled legal immigrants. I know President Clinton shares many of these concerns, and will propose a number of changes in his budget soon to be released.  I hope the door is not closed to at least looking at what the facts are. I believe it would really be unconscionable, and in a sense, the height of irresponsibility, to arbitrarily say we will not look at any problem or any misdrafting in that bill. I will point out one area in my remarks later where I think it is simply a case of misdrafting.  Let me speak for a moment about legal immigrants. There are 500,000 elderly and disabled noncitizens nationwide who will lose SSI by August 22, 1997. Of these legal immigrants 205,000 are in California--more than 40 percent. That is a very real problem. Many of these individuals are seriously ill and completely destitute, with no family capable of supporting them. In Los Angeles County alone, there are 93,000 such people, and the ultimate transfer to the county will be in the hundreds of millions of dollars. When they lose their benefits they will turn to the counties.  Just last week, California's State legislative analyst's office estimated the ban on SSI and food stamps will cost California $5.8 billion over 6 years. Now, either this is a massive cost-shift or the homeless in America and in California are going to be greatly adding to their numbers. In Los Angeles County alone the nonmedical costs of supporting elderly and disabled legal immigrants could top $236 million annually.  San Francisco also estimates that 20,000 legal noncitizens may turn to the county's general assistance program, at a total cost of up to $74 million annually.  Let me give an actual example from my hometown legal immigrants. My San Francisco staff met with a 73-year-old legal immigrant on SSI. She was welcomed to this county from Vietnam in 1980. She was a refugee from communism with no family in the United States. She speaks no English and she is suffering from kidney failure. She requires dialysis three times a week. Under this new law, this 73-year-old woman will lose SSI, her only source of support. Her well-being will become the responsibility, somehow, some way, of the county.  During the welfare debate I proposed an amendment to make this section of the bill prospective. I understand the majority's concern that the legal immigrants' use of SSI was increasing at a higher ratio than U.S. citizens' use of SSI. I understand wanting to slow that number down. The way to do it is to say that in the future, everyone coming to this country following the date of enactment, which was August 22 last year, know that when you come to the United States of America as a legal immigrant, you are not eligible for SSI. For the people here before that time, what I propose is that there be an amendment to the bill that would say SSI could be continued for those who have no other verifiable source of support. These are the elderly, they are monolingual, they are destitute, and many of them are ill.  Let me speak for a moment, Mr. President, about the work requirements of the bill, because counties throughout California are really concerned.  Under the new welfare law, 25 percent of single-parent families on welfare and 75 percent of two-parent families on welfare must be engaged in work activities this year. By 2002, the requirements rise to 50 percent of single-parent families and 90 percent of two-parent families.  California's economy is recovering, but our unemployment rate is still 1\1/2\ points above the national rate. It is 6.8 percent. The national rate is 5.4 percent. So some 1 million Californians are still on unemployment.  Let me give you some examples of how unrealistic the work requirements of the welfare bill are on certain counties in California.  In Tulare County, the heart of the great Central Valley, the heart of the area that has the largest agriculture producers in the United States, the unemployment rate is 16.3 percent, more than 10 percentage points above the Nation, and one-third of the county is on public assistance--one-third of the county. There are no jobs for people.  In Merced County--again in the Central Valley--unemployment is even higher at 16.8 percent. Thirty-five percent of the population there receives some type of public assistance.  Here are others: Imperial County, 27 percent unemployment; Madera, 15.9; Monterey, 10.6 percent; Stanislaus County, 17.3 percent; and Sonoma County, 14 percent.  And these are not small population areas. In some of the cases, the population of these counties is actually more than the population of some of the States. These are larger areas.  With 2.7 million families in California on welfare, counties fear that the work requirement, as defined in the new welfare law, simply is not realistic for the State to be able to meet.  California is simply not creating jobs fast enough, and the kinds of jobs that the State is creating are high-technology, biotech, highly skilled jobs, and jobs in the import-export business; jobs that relate to Asia; jobs that have a level of educational requirement that can produce a high skill level.  In Riverside County in southern California, their GAIN Program, which is their welfare-to-work program, is the most successful program of its kind in the Nation. It is 12 years old. It has been the model for other programs all throughout the United States. Yet, in that time, only 14 percent of single-parent families currently meet the work requirement as set under welfare reform. And only 15 percent of two-parent families meet the work requirement. That is after 12 years of trying. If Riverside County can't meet the requirements, how many counties and States nationwide will actually be able to do so?  That is why I urge that the President and Members of Congress to allocate some new funds--countercyclical moneys--that would apply particularly in counties where the unemployment rate is at a certain amount. You might want to make it over 1 percentage point from the national average, particularly in areas where there is a high welfare load, which gives testament to the fact that you can't produce jobs in that county.  I feel that Congress should amend the welfare law in significant ways to make it easier for States to meet the work requirements. And I would like to suggest some of them.  Doubling the time allowed for job search activities from 6 weeks to 12 weeks. That is what they say it actually takes and where there is success.  Expand the welfare law's definition of ``work'' to include 2 years of vocational education instead of 1. That is what they say it requires to be employable.  Include people who--this is a glitch, I think, in the drafting of the bill and one of the reasons that I am so concerned that the announcement has been made that even technical changes will not be made to the bill. The way the bill is drafted, it does not include people who leave welfare for work and those who are immediately placed in a given month as part of the State's total number of people moving from welfare to work. So, In other words, the way the bill is drafted, you don't get credit for the people that month you place in jobs. I think that this is a technical glitch. I think it is a drafting error. I think it is easy to correct. But if we have this policy of nothing no matter whenever it is not going to get corrected.  I would suggest creating a countercyclical funding program for the next 6 years, and I suggest targeting counties with high unemployment and high welfare caseloads.  Child care funding increases: Under the new welfare law, the money is insufficient to accommodate the increasing demands. Currently, my State subsidizes child care for 205,000 low-income children. But there are 1.8 million children on welfare in California--1.8 million. The State currently only has funds to subsidize 205,000.  In order to accommodate the increases in the work requirements which are required by this bill from 25 percent in 1997 to 50 percent in 2002 for an individual recipient, I would propose adding an additional $1.43 billion in child care funding over the next 6 years.  I would also propose exempting parents with children under the age of 12, instead of 6, from the work requirement if they cannot find child care.  This bill--mark my words--will be known as the ``latchkey mandate bill'' if people can't find work. And there is no reason for any child in elementary school be left home alone without any adult supervision.  Let me speak for just a moment on the reporting requirements.  When Federal welfare reform was enacted, little attention was paid to the 15 new reporting requirements that the law imposes on the States--everything from welfare recipients' race and citizenship status, to other Federal benefits they receive, to unemployment status and earnings.  California, like many other States, has no computer system in place to track and report all of this data. And without effective tracking and reporting, the Nation's largest State has no hope of enforcing the time limit and preventing welfare fraud. Contra Costa County's welfare director said that his county's ability to meet the reporting requirements of the bill is ``literally zip.'' This is a big county.  I think that the welfare law's reporting requirements are important, and I do not advocate relaxing them. But I do believe that the counties are going to require additional support in the form of computer assistance that is greater than that which is provided in the bill today, and that we ought not to be so fixed that we cannot take a look at it.  I make these comments at this time in the hope that someone might read them, or even see them, or take notice of them, and that this statement that there will be no amendments to this bill can perhaps be changed to ``Well, we will carefully consider amendments.''  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor, and I note the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Collins). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  