 President.  Mr. President, let me try and sum up what I have presented here, and then speak specifically in answer to some of the concerns of the opposition.  Essentially, the amendment that I have on the floor differs from the majority amendment in four ways.  The first and most important way this amendment differs is that it continues to use Social Security trust funds as part of the unified budget up to the point where we reach balance. According to Social Security Administration data, that represents about $570 billion, cumulatively, of Social Security trust funds that would be used to offset other spending by 2002. For 1996, we used about $77 billion of the surplus.  Once Congress balances the budget, we would remove Social Security trust funds from the unified budget. That would essentially save for Social Security recipients a cumulative total of about $1.8 trillion and, therefore, maintain the integrity of the Social Security system.  Additionally, unlike the majority amendment, it would not enshrine in the Constitution that Social Security is part of the unified budget forever, which, reneges on a major commitment to senior citizens in our country.  As I pointed out earlier, Social Security is not funded from the income tax. Its revenue is not supposed to go into general operations of the Government. Social Security is funded from a specific FICA payroll tax. A worker pays 6.2 percent, matched by the employer who pays 6.2 percent. The 12.4 percent is supposed to go into a separate trust fund held for the retirement of workers. Social Security taxes have one purpose and one purpose only. That purpose is to provide a safety net for our Nation's seniors with supplemental income when they retire.  Social Security deserves its unique treatment. Social Security is our largest single Federal program. It has more than 43 million beneficiaries, with 1996 spending of $350 billion. Additionally, Social Security plays a critical role in reducing poverty among seniors. Without Social Security, the poverty rate of the elderly would be 53 percent rather than the current 14 percent. For 38 percent of all retirees, Social Security is the difference between poverty and no poverty. If those statistics do not speak eloquently for the need to keep Social Security intact, I do not know what does.  So this amendment, with regard to the point of Social Security, is a compromise. We meet the majority's concern that if we take Social Security trust funds out of the unified budget right now, it is too difficult to balance the budget. My amendment would continue to use the trust funds up to the point of balance and then separate them out after that. The practice of using Social Security trust funds to offset other spending is not enshrined in the Constitution forever and ever as a way of doing business.  Second, we provide in this amendment for a serious economic emergency and for major natural disasters. I can tell this body that the probability of a major earthquake in Southern California, according to seismic experts, has gone up. If that should happen--I should say when that happens--the State's disaster needs are going to be tremendous. Passing the majority's balanced budget amendment tells California that the Federal Government will have no way of meeting these disaster needs. This is a critical difference.  Let me speak about other economic emergencies. Earlier, I mentioned the savings and loan bailout. I was not here for the savings and loan bailout. I do not know how many Members of this body or the other body actually predicted it, but I never would have thought it would have happened. The total costs were $135 billion of taxpayer's moneys to maintain the full faith and credit of the Federal Government's guarantee to depositors. In 1 year alone, 1991, the cost to the Treasury was $66 billion.  I would really be concerned about providing for an economic emergency. Last month, the Congressional Budget Office issued a report, citing the sensitivity of the budget deficit to the economy. They indicated this:       If economic growth was one-half percent lower, it would      increase the deficit by $50 billion in FY 2002. And these      effects would continue to grow over time.  So you see, this kind of even economic change impacts the deficit tremendously.  If the economy fell into recession and growth were five-tenths of a percent below its forecast, a budget thought to be in balance, would develop a $50 billion deficit or higher. Under Senate Joint Resolution 1, the budget deficit would need to be eliminated in that fiscal year.  As you can see, even a drop of five-tenths of a percent in the economy would create an additional $50 billion shortfall in the estimates of that fiscal year which Congress would have to eliminate. To close a $50 billion budget deficit, Congress would have to eliminate the equivalent of nearly the entire defense procurement budget in that year.  Let me give you another example as to why providing for economic emergencies would be necessary.  Economists estimate that a ticket shock triggered by higher oil prices similar to those of 1973 and 1974 and 1979 and 1980 could trigger a 1- to 2-percent drop in our economy. That would necessitate budget cuts of $100 to $150 billion that year. It would be devastating to an economy. I do not know if anyone here remembers what it was like when those prices of oil rose. Economists state it was the major reason for the economic downturn. No one can guarantee, that such a situation would not happen in the future.  So the majority's balanced budget amendment does not address economic risks that face the Nation. I think that is a major weakness in the amendment. Our amendment would suspend the amendment in the event of a serious economic emergency or major natural disaster. This would have to be enacted by a constitutional majority of both bodies.  We also permit a capital budget. My thinking is that when Social Security is withdrawn from the unified budget, we will need to be able to review our budget structure and proceed in a way that does not have a dramatic impact. One way is through the enactment of a capital budget.  Now, the Constitution is not a document that should carry enabling legislation. The Constitution should be worded in general words subject to interpretation and also subject to enabling action by the Congress.  Our amendment reads: ``Nothing in this article shall preclude,'' which means prevent, ``the authority to enact and implement''--that would have to be done by congressional enactment and implementation--``a separate capital budget.''  The amendment defines a capital budget: ``Those major capital improvements.'' Congress would have to determine what is a major capital improvement, which would require multiyear Federal funding. Those would be excluded from the provisions of this constitutional amendment that requires the strict expenditures must meet outlays.  This means that for, say, Federal office buildings that would maybe run $40, $50, $80, $100 million or more, or a major transportation systems which could run $200 or $300 million, a multi-year financing program could be established. The interest on those programs would be paid out of operating capital, and the amount of interest would probably be limited every year.  The amount of debt would be strictly limited. Perhaps the Congress would limit debt by using a percent of gross domestic product, of GDP. As I said, 2 percent would be about $160 billion. If you had 3 percent, it would be more, and still more at 4 or 5 percent. An effective limit would probably be somewhere between the 2 percent and, say, 6 percent, 7 percent, or 8 percent of GDP.  Now, is this necessary to do? Even without a balanced budget amendment, spending for infrastructure since the1960's has dramatically dropped. It was 6 percent in the 1960's. It is 3 percent today, 3 percent of the budget.  We have 250,000 miles of Federal highways that are in disrepair. We have more than 100,000 bridges in disrepair, unable to be repaired in the present day situation. I think at some point the Congress may wish to look at a capital budget. All this amendment does is enable that review to take place.  We mentioned what it means to be controlled by a minority. The fourth area where this amendment differs from the majority is with respect to the debt limit. I have tried to show this body how difficult it is to even raise a majority vote.  Since 1990, no budget resolution or conference report has received a three-fifths vote of this body.  Since 1990, no vote to raise the debt limit has received a three-fifths majority.  The 1985 Gramm-Rudman-Hollings bill, was passed by 51 to 37.  The 1990 budget reconciliation bill was passed by 54 to 45.  The 1993 Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act was passed by a vote of 51 to 50, just one vote.  The 1995 budget reconciliation was passed by 52 to 47.  The 1995 temporary debt limit increase was passed by 49 to 47. Consequently, last year, we reached our apex of minority rule when the Government was shut down not once, but twice while trying unsuccessfully to prove a point.  Allowing a minority to block an effort to extend the debt limit essentially jeopardizes the full faith and credit of this country, something that those of us who have held executive office know is the true measure of the financial acumen of your city or your State. If you get a bad bond rating by Moody's and Standard & Poor's, the full faith and credit of the bonds you float is dramatically affected.  But a minority in pique, pouting, desirous of showing their enormous clout, can effectively jeopardize the full faith and credit of this Government and put this Government into default. I must tell you, I think that is absolutely dreadful as a matter of public policy.  Those are the four issues in this amendment.  Social Security: Congress can use it up to 2002 to reach balance, but afterward, we must separate it out. This step will preserve $1.8 trillion in the trust funds for retirees.  Economic emergency: Congress should treat spending for serious economic emergency or major national disasters just like it treats military emergencies.  Capital budget: Congress should at least enable it, rather than prohibit it, which the majority amendment does.  Debt limit: Please, have some sense and address it with a majority vote.  These four issues are the only way this amendment differs from the majority amendment.  Perhaps the majority has their votes. Perhaps they know they have 67 votes. If they do not, I respectfully submit to them, maybe this is worth looking at and reviewing.  Maybe it solves a major problem.  Maybe it provides some kind of constitutional flexibility to meet what might develop in the future. We could face another savings and loan crisis, or another shock from oil prices. We could face a major earthquake in southern California, the probability of which has been increased, or a major flood in the Mississippi River basin, a major earthquake rift zone in the center part of our country.  We could face a range of emergencies and people will need Federal help. That is what we are here to do. We are here to protect the welfare and well-being of our citizens, and not the least among them are seniors. For many seniors, Social Security is the difference between a life of poverty and a life of being able to eat and pay the rent.  I think this is a worthy amendment. I have given it a lot of thought.  My distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee is present on the floor. I have listened to the hearings, heard the testimony of Secretary Rubin and really thought about whether your amendment could be improved. I decided that it could, but for some reason the balanced budget amendment is frozen in stone. I do not know who drafted the majority amendment. It was drafted, I assume, by the majority, but it has become the be-all and end-all: ``If you do not support us, you cannot be for a balanced budget amendment.'' I cannot accept that.  I represent a big and deeply troubled State. I hazard a guess that the State of California will never ratify this balanced budget amendment. I cannot speak for any other State, but I think I can for California. And they will not do it because they know about serious economic emergencies. They know about a capital budget. We have 40 million people currently on Social Security, and it's going up every day. The people want this protected.  So this is a compromise with Social Security, economic emergency, capital budget permitted, debt limit by a majority. I would hazard a guess that if this became the amendment of the majority, not only would it pass both bodies, it would be ratified by three-quarters of the States.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  