  Madam President, I rise to oppose the Defense authorization conference report. I oppose this conference report because it contains language that will effectively ban any further public-private competition of depot workload at McClellan and Kelly Air Logistics Centers. If this restrictive depot language remains in the bill, the President has said he will veto the bill. A letter is already in the Record, signed by Office of Management and Budget Director Franklin Raines, to that effect. I will read the letter in part:       The bill includes provisions whose intent is to protect      public depots by limiting private industry's ability to      compete for the depot-level maintenance of military systems      and components. If enacted, these provisions, which run      counter to the ongoing efforts by Congress and the      Administration to use competition to improve DOD's business      practices, would severely limit the Department's flexibility      to increase efficiency and save taxpayer dollars.       Both the Quadrennial Defense Review and the National      Defense Panel recommended repeal of current laws      constrain DOD's efforts to competitively outsource depot      maintenance workload. Rather than facilitating DOD's use      of competitive outsourcing, the bill attempts to further      restrict it.  This so-called compromise essentially puts an end to the Defense Department's plan to conduct public-private competitions for the depot work currently done at both Kelly and McClellan. The possibility for a private company to win one of these competitions is the cornerstone of each community's reuse plan that resulted from the Base Realignment and Closure Act which will close both of these bases at the turn of the century.  Continuing to quote from Director Raines' letter:       The bill seeks to impose unique and inappropriate      requirements on DOD's process for allocating the work now      performed at San Antonio and Sacramento Air Logistics      Centers. The Department is conducting a fair and open      competition to determine the most efficient and cost-     effective way to perform this work in the future. Both      private contractors and public depots are competing for the      work. By dictating how DOD should treat certain competitive      factors, this bill seeks to skew any competition in favor of      the public depots.  This skewing of the outcome of these ongoing public-private competitions is what is unacceptable, and we will fight it to the bitter end.  We tried to work with the committee toward an agreement. At one time, the Senators from Texas and California thought we had succeeded in reaching an agreement with the committee. We were ready to buy half a loaf. There were four points we wanted, but the agreement we thought we had only contained 2\1/2\ of those needs. We agreed to back off. Overnight those who wrote the bill put in technical language which essentially killed the ability for private contractors to bid. One of the ways they did it was by hiding their overhead costs.  I think the Senators from Texas can well explain how this has happened in the past, and how great a disincentive this would be to any private company who might want to bid on our workloads.  I find it amazing that this depot caucus language was still included, even after the first private-public competition held for Kelly's C-5 air work workload was won by Warner Robins Air Logistics Center in Georgia.  Members of the Depot Caucus have complained from the first day these competitions were announced by the Air Force that they would be unfair and biased. They said that public depots could not possibly win. But Warner Robins won. How did this happen?  One of the reasons is that public depots can hide their overhead in other accounts when they bid against private industry for work, and members of private industry on numerous occasions have said this is exactly why they cannot compete under current law.  Warner Robins, as I understand it, took advantage of this ability to hide overhead costs to help make their bid below that of their private competitors. In fact, the Air Force had to add approximately $170 million to Warner Robins' bid for the 500 employees and other overhead that had been shifted to other accounts.  The way the next two competitions are set up, under this bill, private industry will be very reluctant to bid, and probably will not bid, on the workloads at McClellan and Kelly. In fact, the Sacramento Bee quoted an industry representative who said, ``I can't conceive of a company that would bid for McClellan and Kelly under these circumstances.''  Supporters of the depot language say this is a compromise that will allow fair and open competitions at McClellan and Kelly. I say baloney. How can I or my colleagues from California and Texas believe that these competitions will be fair and open when one of the authors of this very language, a Senator from Oklahoma, believes that this language shuts the door on private industry's ability to compete. Quoted in the Daily Oklahoman he said, ``I think it's highly unlikely any contractor would want to bid on it.'' Now, how are my colleagues and I supposed to believe it is a fair compromise with statements like this? We need fair and open competition for the depot work at McClellan and Kelly. As Secretary Cohen has stated repeatedly, this language just does not provide it.  We need to allow public-private competitions in order to achieve the kinds of savings necessary to reach the procurement levels needed to fund the modernization of our weapons systems.  Madam President, I have much more to say, but in the interest of time let me say this.  