 I very much appreciate the 5 minutes.  Madam President, I have watched this debate now for the last couple of hours from my office. I think it is an important debate. In a sense it is a bellwether debate.  I think the case which the proponents for the Hatch-Kennedy legislation have made is very clear and a strong case. Probably no State would be more helped by the Hatch-Kennedy legislation than my own State, the State of California.  I had the privilege of working with the Senator from Louisiana as our Democratic leader, and the Senator from Rhode Island, Senator Chafee, as a Republican leader on the centrist coalition. Over a period of about a year and a half in that work I have come to the conclusion that the only way to balance the budget is in a bipartisan way; that if it is a Democratic budget, Republicans vote against it; and, if it is a Republican budget, Democrats vote against it. Therefore, it has always seemed to me that the only way you do this is to sit down and work the numbers out together and come up with a plan.  What do you know, Madam President, that has happened. And it has happened because of the distinguished chairman and ranking member of the Budget Committee. It has happened because of the President. It has happened because of the majority and minority leaders of both sides of this great House giving their imprimatur to the process and participating. After 4 or 5 months of discussions there is an agreement.  It is not everything that everybody wants, but if you believe, as I do, that the only way to balance this budget is to do this, then this becomes a very significant debate. I would like to vote for Hatch-Kennedy. It would help my State. We have--let me give you the exact figure--1.7 million uninsured children in California. This is a big deal. I would like to vote for it.  If this bill is taken down, though, it is a major commitment and statement that this body cannot work together, that both sides of this body cannot solve what is a critical problem facing this Nation. Every week, I have a meeting of constituents, about 100, 125 people, who just happen to come by the office, and I show them a small pie of outlays in the year 2003, that if we do not do something, what happens. The result of the small pie is that you have almost 75 percent of the outlays of the Federal Government consumed by net interest on the debt and entitlements. And by then, you could eliminate all discretionary spending and you cannot solve the problem.  Well, we have not gone the whole way, but this bill before this House goes a major way in solving the problem.  I stood with the President in Baltimore. I said I would support this, as did a number of people on our side. The Senator from Louisiana was there. We stood and we remarked how close the numbers in this budget bill are to the numbers of the centrist coalition. So we felt in some way that our year and a half, or whatever it has been, I say to the Senator from Louisiana, has been worthwhile.  I am very concerned. I am very concerned that this bill will be taken down if this amendment is successful. I would like to vote for this amendment. So I am looking for a way, and I hope that both the minority leader and the majority leader might in some way hear this, that there might be a time when we could have a separate vote agreed to on Hatch-Kennedy and move ahead with this budget reconciliation bill at this time.  