 President, I rise to speak on the Reid amendment and really on the subject in general, particularly from a California perspective.  California has over 6,000 miles of flood control levees. In the last decade, we have had three 100-year storms, in 1986, 1995, and 1997.  In 1986, four levees failed, three in the delta, one in Yuba County.  In 1995, 25 levees failed.  In 1997, there were 62 significant levee breaks, according to the Corps of Engineers. Of these, 40 were federally maintained levees, and the rest were non-Federal.  On January 2, the Feather River broke through the levee at Star Bend, flooding 15 square miles of farmland and the community of Olivehurst. The breach was 1,500 feet long.  This flood damage is relevant to the amount of money that is going to California in emergency assistance right now--$3.3 billion.  On January 4, a Sutter bypass levee failed at Meridian, flooding a 35,000 acre basin with more than 60 homes and businesses. The breach at Meridian was 1,100 feet long.  On January 4, the San Joaquin River plunged through levees in 14 places near the town of Mendota, flooding about 10,000 acres of farmland on both sides of the river in Madera and Fresno Counties. The biggest levee break, at Firebaugh, was 2,500 feet long.  On January 5, more levees broke along the Stanislaus, Tuolumne, and San Joaquin Rivers, causing flooding near Modesto. Now, the levees are a critical part of California's infrastructure and, in my view, they are the most troubled part of our infrastructure. In an earthquake, in a flood, when these levees go, two things happen. One, the water in these rivers is the drinking water for 20 million people. The soil behind the levees is peat. As the levees break, and the peat land is flooded and then drains, the peat soil drains back into the river. When this water is treated with chlorine for drinking water, it throws off carcinogens. So that has necessitated a change in the water treatment. Additionally, salt water intrusion also contaminates the drinking water supply.  So, not only do the levees protect farm land, the levees also protect our major source of drinking water.  Now, the problem here is maintenance of these levees. I spent 3 days talking to farmers. What farmers tell me increasingly is they are not going to maintain the levees because the bureaucratic hassle is so great. To pull out a bush on a levy, they have to go and get a permit. They have to mitigate. They do not have the money to mitigate. Therefore, more and more of the levees are not maintained. If the levees are not maintained and the levees break, the amount of Federal money that goes to California is just going to increase.  In addition, damage is done to cattle, to dairy cows, to farms, to orchards; homes are under water; and people's businesses are being wiped out. Why? Because in places, levees are not properly maintained because of the Endangered Species Act. I am not saying that these levee breaks are related to the Endangered Species Act, because I do not know. However, I do know from firsthand testimony to me that there are people that are not maintaining the levees because of the bureaucratic hassle they have to go through.  For example, the slopes of the levees along the Feather River in Sutter County have become overgrown in recent years with trees and vegetation, including elderberry shrubs. This vegetation hides rodent holes and beaver dams which undermine the integrity of the levees. These shrubs on the Feather River levees are habitat for the Valley Elderberry Longhorn Beetle which is listed as a threatened species under the Federal Endangered Species Act and the State act. U.S. Fish and Wildlife has indicated that if Sutter County tries to eliminate this habitat and maintain the levees, they would require mitigation. Elderberry bushes could only be removed from levees if replacement bushes were planted elsewhere. Sutter County cannot pay for this mitigation and take farmland out of production for habitat.  The Central Delta Water Agency says the prohibition of dredging and placement of fill for levee maintenance and the creation of shaded riverside aquatic or marsh habitat in areas designated as critical habitat for Delta smelt has been a problem. The agency has been required to spend money on habitat assessments, consultations, inspection, mitigation, and emergency removal--money which the agency believes would be better spent on reducing the flood risks.  Now, this is the point I want to make and it is important. In 1996, when Yuba County tried to move forward with a Corps of Engineers project to upgrade levees south of Marysville, the Fish and Wildlife Service would not let them proceed with the repair work after October 1 because the garter snake was dormant. If they repaired the levees after October 1, they might disturb a sleeping garter snake. They had to do costly mitigation before they could make these repairs. So the work was not done, and on January 2, a levee broke at Olivehurst, killing three people and flooding 500 homes.  I am delighted, Mr. President, that the Senator from Idaho, Mr. Kempthorne, is in the chair and he is hearing these comments because, for this Senator, the Endangered Species Act--when it comes to the protection of life and property--really needs a second look. I heard this over and over and over again when I went to Yuba County. As a matter of fact, one family was standing there sobbing and had no place for their children. Their children were taken from them, when their property was flooded, and put in foster homes. When it comes to a garter snake versus somebody's home and property and life and limb, I really think we need to get our priorities straight. That is why I believe these levees should not be included in the ESA, that maintenance should be ongoing, and that repair and rebuilding should be permitted without a major bureaucratic hassle. I thank the Senator for his indulgence.  