  Mr. President, it has often been said that one is a product of one's life experiences. Because this is a bill about so-called partial-birth abortion, and because there is no medical definition of partial-birth abortion, and because most of us believe that what is being referred to is a procedure either called intact D or intact D that is not reflected in the bill--and because the bill affects more than just the third trimester of a pregnancy but also goes into the second trimester, and because it carries with it criminal penalties, I want to share with this body how I am a product of my life experiences with respect to abortion.  I well remember my early days. In college during the 1950's, abortion was illegal, and I knew young women who were in trouble. I knew one who committed suicide. I knew others who passed the plate to those of us in a dormitory--and this was Stanford University--to go to Mexico for an abortion.  Later in the 1960's, I spent 8 days a year for 5 years sentencing women in the State prison, and I sentenced abortionists because abortion was still illegal in California in the early 1960's. I remember these cases particularly well. I remember the crude instruments used. I remember women who were horribly damaged by some of these illegal abortions. I remember mortality as well. And I always thought maybe one day we will get past this and not have to go back to it.  What concerns me about this debate is that I see it as the opening wedge of a long march to take us back 30 years, back to the passing of the plate at Stanford, back to the back-alley abortionists.  I will never forget one woman because abortion carried with it a maximum sentence of 10 years in State prison at the time. I sentenced this woman--I remember her name, I am not going to say it here--to the maximum sentence because she had been in and out of the State institution. This was her third time. Every time she went out I asked her why she continued. She said, ``Because women were in such trouble and they had no other place to go, so they came to me because they knew I would take care of them.'' That was the reality of life from 1960 to at least 1966 in California. I do not want women, young women, to have to go back to those days again.  So basically I am pro-choice. I am also a member of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, so I have been present at all of the hearings on this so-called partial birth abortion bill. Essentially, I believe that abortion should be a matter for a woman, for her doctor, for her faith, for medicine, and not for politicians. One of the most perplexing things in my life has always been why men are so desperate to control a woman's reproductive system.  Nonetheless, about 4\1/2\ years ago, I became a grandmother of a little girl who is the light of my life. Her birth was not uncomplicated. My daughter had a pregnancy-related condition. It was a condition that women bleed to death from. You have, essentially, about 20 minutes from the time you begin to hemorrhage before your life is extinguished, and that of the child.  This case of my daughter's is really only related to this whole debate inthat it caused me to really think. I never thought that my daughter would be in a situation of this type. I began to think of the ``whens'' and ``ifs,'' and whether one could really predict all of the exigencies that a woman in pregnancy is subject to. I could not with my own daughter, because I never would have dreamt that this would have happened. For her, she was a lucky one. Although at home I am a block and a half from the hospital, they would not let her stay with me. She stayed in the hospital right next to an operating theater, so that for 2 months the baby grew in her womb, and then at 35 weeks she was able to have a C section. And we have a wonderful little granddaughter--bright eyed, bushy tailed--and the story came out OK.  But I came to a few conclusions. The conclusion is, no matter how all-seeing we think we are, no one can possibly know all of the circumstances one may find themselves in. So, if we are going to pass laws, laws need to be flexible enough to anticipate the circumstances and to provide for a worthy exception. I basically believe that this intact D, or intact D, whichever one chooses to call it, is a procedure that should not be used. That is my basic belief and I think the AMA is beginning to come to grips with this and set down some precepts, as to when one should consider a late-term abortion.  I believe that abortions post-viability should not take place except in the rarest of circumstances. And that the only case for a post-viability abortion is either to protect the life and health of the mother or in cases where there is such a serious, severe fetal abnormality that the abnormality is inconsistent with life. In other words, the child could not survive outside of the womb for any period of time.  So, with my colleagues, Senator Boxer and Senator Moseley-Braun, we will offer a substitute at the appropriate time to the Santorum bill and one that will also be a substitute to the Daschle bill. Our bill will have the following provisions:  It will prohibit all abortions after viability in a way that will meet the test of constitutionality. The provision for life and health of the mother does just that.  The health requirement is drawn to correspond with the mandate of Roe versus Wade, to prevent serious adverse health consequences to the mother and not to restrict the judgment of the physician.  Additionally, the goal is to provide for post-viability abortions only in cases of serious fetal anomalies--or abnormalities incompatible with life.  The penalties of the bill will be civil but substantial. They will be limited to the physician. The penalty for the first violation will be up to $100,000, along with referral to a State licensing board for possible suspension of the license. For a second offense, a fine up to $250,000 and referral to a State licensing board for possible revocation of the license. Unlike the Daschle substitute, we would not withhold Medicaid funds. But we would allow the State to, essentially, register its will.  I am very much persuaded by the fact that some 41 States have already passed legislation limiting late-term abortions. In Arizona, no abortion may be performed after viability; in Arkansas, same thing; in Connecticut, no abortion may be performed after viability; and on and on.  So I, for one, have a very hard time understanding why it is necessary for the Federal Government to get involved in this area at this time. But, if we do, I think we ought to do it in a way that does not limit the doctor, that prohibits post-viability abortions, and contains an exception that accounts for those rare cases when the fetus has a severe abnormality that is not consistent with human life.  So, we would offer this as a substitute for that offered by the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania, and as a substitute to the Daschle legislation as well.  I would like to illustrate the ways in which this bill that the three of us would offer would differ from that of the Senator from Pennsylvania. Most profoundly, our legislation would fully comport with the Supreme Court's landmark decision, Roe versus Wade, which affirms a woman's constitutional right to choose whether or not to have an abortion. According to Roe, in the first 12 to 15 weeks of pregnancy, when 95.5 percent of all abortions occur, that procedure is medically the safest. The Government cannot, under Roe, place an undue burden on a woman's right to have an abortion.  In the second trimester, when the procedure in some situations provides a greater health risk, abortion may be regulated but only to protect the health of the mother. This might mean, for example, requiring that an abortion be performed in a hospital or performed by a licensed physician.  In the later stages of pregnancy, at the point the fetus becomes viable and able to live independently from the mother, Roe recognizes the strong interest in protecting potential human life. On that basis, abortions can be prohibited, except in cases where the abortion is necessary to protect the life and health of the woman. The life or the health of the woman. Thus, Roe strikes a delicate balance in protecting the fetus as well as the mother.  Our bill will fully comport with Roe. It applies only to post-viability abortions, not pre-viability abortions. And it contains exceptions to protect the health as well as life of the mother.  In my humble opinion, the bill before us now, presented by the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania, is unconstitutional and it represents a direct challenge to Roe. It provides no exception for cases where the banned procedure may be necessary to protect a woman's health. It ignores the viability line established in Roe and reaffirmed in Casey. Although the term ``partial-birth abortion'' is not a medically recognized term, the bill's focus on a particular procedure means that this procedure will be banned even if performed pre-viability, during the second trimester. Roe does not permit abortions to be banned prior to viability. That is the constitutional framework here.  I think the proponents of this bill know well the challenges to Roe that this legislation presents. The magnitude of this bill is enormous for the long-term preservation of safe and legal abortion in this country. The Santorum bill would have an immediate and direct effect on the lives of women facing tragic and health-threatening circumstances, even in the second trimester of pregnancy. The bill also holds a doctor criminally liable unless he or she can prove that the banned procedure was the only one that would have saved the woman's life. Not the woman's health, but the woman's life.  The vagueness of the term ``partial-birth abortion'' makes the use of criminal penalties particularly troublesome. Doctors will not necessarily know when they are violating the law, since no precise procedure is referred to in the law.  During last year's hearing before the Judiciary Committee, none of our medical experts who testified had heard of the term partial-birth abortion. Since then, of course, times have changed. But none could point to a medical text that used the term.  Georgetown law professor, Michael Seidman, stated in hearings last year:  If I were a lawyer advising a physician who performed abortions, I would tell him to stop because there is just no way to tell whether the procedure will eventuate in some portion of the fetus entering the birth canal before the fetus is technically dead, much less being able to demonstrate that after the fact.  This is the catch-22 in the bill of the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania. It can be applied to much more than just the procedure we think is at hand. The use of criminal penalties in conjunction with a vague term such as ``partial-birth abortion'' is likely to make the Santorum bill unconstitutionally vague and, therefore, unenforceable.  Our bill, instead, provides civil penalties for any post-viability abortion performed without sufficient medical justification. I believe that these civil penalties will effectively deter any physician who would perform a post-viability abortion for anything other than the most serious reasons.  Women's health, I think, should be of great importance to this body, and I would also hope that every woman in the United States would want a Congress to legislate based on what we thought would help their health, rather than create situations which woulddeny them the opportunity prevent long-term damage to their physical health.  Late in certain types of highly troubled pregnancies, there are only limited options available to physicians, and I would like to give some examples of rare medical conditions that could necessitate a post-viability procedure for which there are no other alternatives available.  One example would be a fetus that has a greatly enlarged hydrocephalic head, three times the normal size, the cranium filled with fluid. The head is so large the woman physically cannot deliver it. Labor is impossible because the fetus cannot get through the birth canal. A caesarean may well be impossible for medical reasons.  Let me give you an actual case, the case of Viki Wilson. She stated:       Then I had a final ultrasound at 36 weeks, just 4 weeks      from my due date, and the world came crashing down around us.      Our child was diagnosed with encephalocoele. Most of her      brain had grown outside her head, and what did form was      abnormal. Abigail could not survive outside the womb, and she      was already suffering from seizures. At first I said, let's      do a C-section, let's get her out of there! My doctor said,      sadly, ``Viki, we do C-sections to save babies. I can't save      Abigail, and I can't justify the risks of a C-section to your      health when you are going to lose your daughter no matter      what.'' So even though my medical training--  And this woman was a nurse--     told us that there was no hope, my husband and I went to      several specialists in the desperate belief that there was      someone out there with a magic wand who would say, ``I can      help save your daughter.'' No one did, no one could. Finally,      we made a decision, based entirely on love, to end the      pregnancy.  This is one of those situations that no one knows beforehand that they may be in.  There is also a case of a rigid fetus caused by arthrogryposis. This kind of fetus cannot move through the birth canal. It risks rupturing the woman's cervix. With prolonged intense pushing, the mother's heart is placed at risk.  Other health conditions can prevent a woman from being able to tolerate the stress of labor or surgery. They include cardiac problems like congestive heart failure, severe kidney disease, renal shutdown, severe hypertension, and so on.  In fact, it is certain health-related concerns that has caused me to part ways with Senator Daschle's approach. In many regards, the bill which we are introducing is similar to Senator Daschle's in several respects, but in one it is different.  We are alike in that both bills would limit all forms of post-viability abortions. The principal difference is the health exception. Our bill would allow third trimester abortions only in cases where the life of the mother is at issue or where an abortion is necessary to avert serious adverse health consequences to the mother. The Daschle bill, as I understand it, would allow an exception only in cases where continuation of the pregnancy would risk grievous injury to the mother's physical health. Grievous injury is defined as a seriously debilitating disease or impairment specifically caused by the pregnancy or an inability to provide necessary treatment for a life-threatening condition.  I believe that the Daschle substitute would not allow the abortion procedure for certain serious conditions that, although they are not caused by the pregnancy, are exacerbated by the pregnancy. I believe the limiting language of this bill could foreclose a doctor's option in certain situations that cannot be anticipated, and that is my concern. Who knows what situation one may be in or if the situation may not arise until labor or delivery?  For example, one House witness testified that her baby had a brain improperly formed, pressured by a backup of fluid, a greatly enlarged head, a malformed and failing heart, a malfunctioning liver, and a dangerously low amount of amniotic fluid. A physician, we believe, needs the latitude to deal with these complex emergency situations as they are trained to do.  I also believe it is important to understand, and I hope if I am wrong that the Senator will correct me, that the Daschle substitute makes no provision for a severely malformed fetus incompatible with life, if that baby can be delivered in a live condition even for a matter of minutes or days.  Roe simply states if the State is interested in protecting fetal life after viability, it may go so far as to proscribe abortion during that period, except when it is necessary to preserve the life or health of the mother.  I think that is a very important constitutional mandate, that any bill passed here in the next day or so must meet the test of constitutionality.  So we will, at an appropriate time, present a bill that we hope will meet this test.  Let me just end by saying that everything that I have read, everything that I have seen indicates that post-viability abortions are extremely rare, and that the vast majority, over 99 percent of abortions, are performed very early in pregnancy. The latest data that we have from the Guttmacher Institute, whose figures are relied upon by the Centers for Disease Control, indicates that 99 percent of all abortions are performed before 20 weeks of gestation; 90 percent are performed within the first 12 weeks; and less than 1 percent are performed after 20 weeks. Only four-hundredths of 1 percent performed after 20 weeks are performed during the third trimester. So this means there is a total of about 400 to 600 abortions performed annually during the third trimester of pregnancy.  According to the Centers for Disease Control, 98.9 percent of all abortions are performed by the simple curettage procedure, which simply involves the scraping of the interior of the uterus.  So any way you view it, we are looking at a very small number of cases. I guess my plea is for those circumstances which cannot be anticipated, for circumstances where the mother's life and health truly are at risk and--as I learned firsthand with my own daughter--nobody really understands or can have a looking glass to indicate what those circumstances may be.  As I said, I basically believe that the intact D or intact D, whatever one may choose, should not be used. I am hopeful that the medical profession will take that view, and I believe that there are ongoing discussions on that subject.  But I believe that when we pass legislation that affects every single woman in the United States who can possibly be at issue in this case, that to pass a piece of legislation which would mandate that a seriously abnormal fetus, unable over time to sustain life outside the womb, would have to be delivered regardless of the health impacts on the mother, is not a piece of legislation that I, in good conscience, can support. So, Madam President, at the appropriate time, Senators Boxer, Moseley-Braun, and I will present a substitute amendment.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  