 President, I am pleased to have had the opportunity to work with my colleagues and the administration to perfect section 1166 of this bill, relating to the inadmissibility of persons supporting international child abductors.  This section of the bill, which was included at my request in the chairman's mark considered last week by the Foreign Relations Committee, was inspired by the case of Patricia Roush, a constituent of mine whose two daughters were abducted by her ex-husband and taken to his home country of Saudi Arabia 11 years ago in direct violation of the custody order of an Illinois court.  Since then, she has seen the girls only once for 2 hours. All efforts to negotiate a resolution have been rebuffed by the father.  This section attempts to address tragic situations like Ms. Roush's. Current law, section 212(a)(10)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, says that any alien who holds a child overseas in violation of a custody order of a U.S. court may not receive a visa to come to the United States until the child has been returned to the parent with rightful custody.  This new section would expand the visa restriction to three categories ofpeople: Anyone who helped carry out the abduction of the child; anyone providing material support or safe haven to the abducting parent; and immediate family members of the abducting parent.  Any of these people already in the United States would also be deportable.  This law would not apply if the child is located in a country which is a signatory to the Hague Convention, which is an international agreement designed to resolve international child abduction cases.  The goal of this legislation is to expand the circle of people affected when an American child is abducted. There can be no doubt that persons who assist in the abduction of such a child should be subject to the same restrictions as the abductor him or herself. The same goes for those who support and protect the abductor subsequent to the abduction.  The only area that has raised questions is the provision applying the restriction to immediate family members of the abductor. We decided to proceed in this fashion because of Ms. Roush's experience during the tenure of the previous United States Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Ray Mabus.  After years without any progress toward a resolution, Ambassador Mabus implied to relatives of Ms. Roush's ex-husband that he might withhold their visas to the United States unless the case was solved. He never actually threatened to withhold the visas, which he lacked the authority to do, but he hoped to at least get information about the girls' condition and the father's thinking throught this tactic.  Ambassador Mabus discovered that even the implied threat of withholding visas from family members produced a new spirit of flexibility on the part of the father. By the time he returned to the United States, they had come close to negotiating a resolution, but that fell through after Mabus left.  But this experience suggests that withholding visas from family members and other associates of the abducting parent is an effective way to put pressure on that parent to negotiate a resolution.  There is a precedent for withholding visas from family members. In the Helms-Burton law on Cuba passed in 1996--Public Law 104-114, spouses and minor children of officers of corporations doing prohibited business with Cuba were made excludable.  I thank the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee and the Senator from Maryland, Senator Sarbanes, for their cooperation and for helping perfect this amendment.  