 President, Senator Coverdell may well come to the floor during this period. I hope he does. I will be happy to defer, and yield parts of my time to him as well.  Mr. President, 1 week ago I joined with Senator Coverdell and Senator Helms to introduce resolutions of disapproval, to overturn the President's decision to certify Mexico for antidrug cooperation.  Last week I went home and I read the State Department's Statement of Explanation, which is just 1\1/2\ pages.  I must say, I read this document with disbelief. At best, this document--which purports to make the case for Mexico's certification--is a fairy tale. At worst, it is a complete whitewash. Today, I would like to take some time and go over parts of it, and indicate my thoughts on some of the subjects mentioned and refute some of the claims.  Let me begin by saying that section 490 of the Foreign Assistance Act requires the President to certify that Mexico has ``cooperated fully with the United States, or taken adequate steps on its own'' to combat drug trafficking. Despite the best intentions of President Zedillo and the best efforts of the State Department to put a pretty face on the situation, the Department's Statement of Explanation, I believe, defies credibility.  The State Department claims that ``The Government of Mexico's 1996 counterdrug effort produced encouraging results and notable progress in bilateral cooperation.'' The facts tell a different story.  Let me begin with drug seizures:  The State Department's Statement of Explanation indicates that ``Drug seizures and arrests increased in 1996.'' While this is technically true--yes, there was a slight increase in 1996 in both drug seizures and arrests of drug traffickers--that is only because the 1995 levels were so dismal. A larger look of Mexico's record of drug seizures, going back just a few years to 1992, gives a very different perspective.  The 23.6 metric tons of cocaine seized by Mexico, while slightly higher than in 1995, is just about half of what was seized in 1993. So, you see, in 1993 they seized 46.2 metric tons of cocaine. Look how it has dropped off and leveled off since then.  Second, drug arrests did increase modestly in 1996 over 1995. But look back a few years and it tells a more compelling picture. In 1992 you had 27,369 drug arrests. In 1996 you had 11,038. That is not a stepped-up effort, it is a stepped-down effort. So, after a precipitous drop, by more than 50 percent, a barely discernible 5- or 10-percent increase, in my view, is not improvement. They are not encouraging results and there is not notable progress.  Today, Mexico is the transit station for 70 percent of the cocaine, a quarter of the heroin, 80 percent of the marijuana, and 90 percent of the ephedrine used to make methamphetamine, entering the United States.  These statistics reflect, I believe, more drugs flowing into our cities and our communities. How do we know this now? Just look at some of the street prices.  According to the California Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement, in 1993, when Mexican cocaine seizures were near their peak, a kilo of cocaine sold on the streets of Los Angeles for $21,000. Today, that same kilo of cocaine averages $16,500, and I am told that in places you can get it for $14,000 a kilo.  You can see how these prices have dropped. The drop is even more dramatic if you look at black tar heroin, which the DEA says is nearly the exclusive province of Mexican family-operated cartels, based in Michoacan. The price per ounce has dropped from $1,200 in 1993 to $400 today.  So today, the street price of black tar heroin has dropped to one-third of its price 4 years ago.  Unfortunately, demand remains high, so when the prices drop, the obvious conclusion is that you have more supply. The falling price can be attributed to increases in the amounts of cocaine and heroin flowing across our southern border. I hardly consider this to be evidence of ``encouraging results and notable progress.''  When the street prices begin to climb, then I, for one, will begin to believe that the supply is being cut.  So street prices are dropping despite the fact that stepped up enforcement on the U.S. side of the border has resulted in increased seizures.  U.S. border agents at the McAllen, TX, border station seized 176,000 pounds of marijuana in 1996, 20 percent more than in 1993. But the burden of combating the increased drug shipments falls disproportionately on United States border agents because Mexico does little to enforce the border.  United States Customs and Border Patrol officials have said publicly that Mexican traffickers are today going to extraordinary lengths to move their products. They are constructing secret compartments in 18-wheelers. They are saturating areas with hundreds of mules carrying backpacks with 40 kilos of marijuana each, and even sacrificing large loads of marijuana at the border to allow more valuable shipments of cocaine and heroin to slip through behind them. And they have begun to use sea lanes in much greater proportion.  For the State Department to state that there has been improved performance by Mexico in intercepting drugs at the border is incomprehensible to me. Low seizure figures, low arrest figures, falling street prices in our cities--these are hardly indications of full cooperation by Mexican authorities in combating drug trafficking.  Let me speak about the cartels in Mexico. The State Department's Statement of Explanation touts the arrests of ``several major drug traffickers,'' including Juan Garcia Abrego, leader of the Gulf cartel, Jose Luis Pereira Salas, linked to the Juarez and Colombian Cali cartel, and Manuel Rodriguez Lopez, linked to a minor operation called the Castrillon maritime smuggling organization.  But who the Mexicans fail to capture tells a much more important story. In fact, the State Department admits as much when it says, ``the strongest groups, such as the Juarez and Tijuana cartels, have yet to be effectively confronted.''  Let me repeat that: ``the strongest groups * * * have yet to be effectively confronted.''  So here is the State Department explaining to us that Mexico has fully cooperated with the United States, and yet telling us in the same breath that Mexico has taken no serious action against the organizations and individuals most responsible for the bulk of the drug trafficking.  This is also not how United States drug enforcement officials describe the efforts in Mexico. Let me share with my colleagues what our own drug enforcement officials say about how fully Mexico is cooperating in antidrug efforts.  DEA administrator, Thomas Constantine, has described the Mexican drug cartels, in a statement he made to a House committee the week before last, as ``the leading organized crime organizations in the Western Hemisphere, and for some reason,'' he continues, ``they seem to be operating with impunity.''  His testimony is a chilling account of the extensive operations of the major Mexican drug cartels and how corruption within Mexican law enforcement agencies has allowed the cartels to conduct their deadly trade with virtual impunity. He also described how the Mexican drug cartels are expanding their criminal reach into the United States.  As we debate whether or not to disapprove of Mexico's certification, I hope all of my colleagues will take the time to read Mr. Constantine's testimony. It makes the case better than anything I have seen that Mexico's efforts have, in fact, not met the standard for certification.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mr. Constantine's testimony be printed in the Record after my remarks.  