 President, I want to begin by thanking the senior Senator from Georgia for his leadership in this matter. This has been a difficult area, I think, for both of us, because I believe we both respect Mexico. We know that Mexico is an ally, a friend, a neighbor, and we want to see relations become much better and much more fully developed. We do not want to see a rift continuing to develop, so, we have worked with that spirit in mind. Yet, one can want this equal partnership but also continue to point out the facts of what is happening in our States and our region, and particularly along the southwest border. So I thank the Senator from Georgia for his leadership. It has been, as he knows, a great pleasure for me to be able to work with him. It has been a wonderful experience. We will keep it going.  I also want to extend my thanks to the President and to the National Security Adviser, Sandy Berger. Both Senator Coverdell, as he indicated, and I--we have met separately with the administration. We have both made the same request that this report, described by our Senate resolution, be rendered by the administration to this body.  Let me begin by saying the administration could easily have said no. There is no legislative vehicle that accompanies this request. But they did agree, in our negotiations, to honor this request, and they have kept that commitment and, in effect, will produce the report on September 1. I am heartened by that. As my colleague just spoke, we are heartened because we hope it will be a new day of cooperation between the executive and the legislative branches in what is rapidly becoming the soft underbelly of this Nation as well as the Mexican nation, and that of course is drugs.  As many know, I have a bill which is now in the Judiciary Committee's bill called the Gang Violence Act. What we have discovered is that drugs are fueling a new extension of gangs working across the States. One of the steps I am hopeful this body will be taking is passage of that bill and, in essence, applying to street gangs, who are organized and moving across State lines, the same racketeering statutes that we would apply to Mafia-type organized crime--expanding the Travel Act, putting in asset seizures and forfeitures, effectively doubling Federal penalties for Americans who participate in major drug trafficking, gun running, and other criminal activity, across State lines.  So, we will take major steps in this Nation to combat our problem, which is one of demand for drugs. The report that we have asked the administration to produce will deal with Mexico's progress in the following areas:  Efforts to combat drug cartels--four big Mexican drug cartels are operating with impunity beyond our border; bilateral law enforcement cooperation--we are very interested in a partnership between our Drug Enforcement Administration and Mexican drug authorities, but to have our agents in Mexico unable to arm themselves makes no sense, particularly with the record of assassination that the cartels have established; improved border enforcement--obvious; extradition of Mexican nationals wanted in the United States on drug charges; implementation of money-laundering laws; increased crop eradication; rooting out corruption; and improved air and maritime cooperation. All of these points are elucidated in our Senate resolution requesting this report, and the administration has agreed, unilaterally, to provide it. For that I am very thankful.  Let me talk about one area, and that area is extradition. This is an area which for me is a litmus test as to whether there is cooperation. I want to give one case that was just written up in the May 13, 1997 Los Angeles Times by Anne-Marie O'Connor. It is not a traditional case, in terms of names like Amado Carillo-Fuentes--well-known cartel names. This case deals with a family by the name of Reynoso: Antonio Reynoso and two brothers, Jose and Jesus Reynoso. They were indicted among 22 alleged members of a vast ring that transported cocaine from Mexico to Los Angeles to Chicago and to New Jersey, using Lear jets, boilers, and canned vegetables. They are named in an extradition request presented by this country to the Mexican Government. Last September, Jose Reynoso pled guilty on a drug-smuggling charge. Both Antonio and Jesus are under indictment for conspiracy to import and possess cocaine with intent to distribute, as well as for money laundering. In the last 2 years, they have built a magnificent home within astone's throw of the border between San Diego and Tijuana. There is a small picture in the Los Angeles Times, which shows the border fence and then this drug lord's home right across the border fence. I want to describe it to you for a moment. I am quoting from the Los Angeles Times.       To their profound annoyance, Justice Department officials      say, Reynoso, 53, is putting the finishing touches on an      ostentatious walled residence that backs right up to the U.S.      border. If he wanted to, he could hit a tennis ball into San      Diego County.  The article goes on to describe the mansion:       Encircled by a forbidding wall that ascends 35 feet,      chateau Reynoso rises like a ship over San Diego County, not      far from a binational gulch called ``Smuggler's Canyon.''      [Where I have been.] With its turret, a glass pool atrium and      a dazzling green roof worthy of Oz, it is so conspicuous that      Border Patrol agents sometimes point it out to visitors.       U.S. law enforcement officers note its fortress      architecture and its protected position at the end of a      narrow cul-de-sac. So close to the United States, they      complain, yet so far from a San Diego courtroom.       ``I wish we could just tunnel back and grab him,'' a      Justice Department attorney said.  Then it goes on to say:       . . . Reynoso's name has appeared on lists of traffickers      given to Mexican authorities by United States Attorney      General Janet Reno. But no discernible action has been taken.      U.S. officials have no indications that Reynoso is even a      wanted man in Mexico.  This same family was the mastermind behind a huge tunnel, 60 feet below the ground, between Otay Mesa and San Diego. This tunnel had electricity, it had air conditioning, and it was used by this family to smuggle drugs under the border into the United States. It was one of the most sophisticated tunnels, really, ever known. This family spent $1.1 million buying the lot in Otay Mesa where the passage's exit was to be located.  This is a clear indication, I believe, of what Senator Coverdell and I will be looking for in terms of actions taken by the Mexican Government. We will have another round on certification. It is important to both of us, as well as, I believe, to a majority of this body, that there be actions taken in this equal partnership between the United States and Mexico. Let me just summarize.  The response from a good friend, a neighbor, and an ally that drugs are exclusively a U.S. problem is simply not adequate. We admit that we have a demand problem. We have taken steps to strengthen our laws, to allocate funds for prevention programs. Still, we know we must do more and we are willing to say we will and do it.  But when Mexican nationals run meth labs throughout California--and over 700 meth labs have been seized by the State Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement in California alone in the last year, 700 of them--and Mexico refuses to enforce its border, the drug problem is not our problem alone.  