 President, I rise today to discuss the Federal Gang Violence Act of 1997 which was introduced yesterday by Senator Hatch on behalf of himself and this Senator from California. I also believe my sentiments and cosponsorship are joined by Senators Harkin, Reid, and D'Amato.  Mr. President, this legislation makes the Federal Government a much more active partner in the war on criminal activity that, I am regretful to say, has become violent and deadly and is perpetrated by organized street gangs. This bill was introduced with some differences in the last Congress, but the need for the legislation has only increased, and today I hope to lay out the case for the need for the legislation.  Gang violence has become a problem in the United States of America of epic proportions, and I think few people really understand the degree to which street gangs are crossing State lines and perpetrating violence.  Today, the Department of Justice reports that in the United States there are some 25,000 different street gangs. There are more than 652,000 members of these gangs. And they are not loosely organized. They are not the street kids glamorized in West Side Story.  Today's gangs are very different. They are organized. They are sophisticated. They are traveling crime syndicates much like the Mafia. They regularly cross State lines to recruit new members. They traffic in drugs and weapons, they smuggle illegal aliens, they steal, and they murder. In just one city, Los Angeles, consider this: Nearly 7,300 of its citizens were murdered in the last 16 years from gang warfare--7,300 citizens. This is more people than have been killed in all of the fighting in Northern Ireland.  Gangs were responsible for 43 percent of all homicides in Los Angeles in 1994. They were responsible for 41 percent of homicides in Omaha, NE, in 1995; more than half of all violent crimes in Buffalo, NY, in 1994. In Phoenix, gang-related homicides jumped 800 percent between 1990 and 1994. In Wichita, KS, drive-by shootings jumped from 8 in 1991 to 267 in 1993. That is a 3,000 percent increase in just 2 years. And this is a smaller city--300,000 people. A Justice Department survey found that gang problems are worsening in 48 percent of the responding communities.  These are just a few examples of the alarming rise in gang terror. The problem is we have become numb to it. Let me give you an example. In Los Angeles, on a Monday last February, with Mayor Dick Riordan, I announced this legislation at a news conference. The Los Angeles city councilwoman who is in charge of the public safety committee, Laura Chick, reported that just that weekend six people had been murdered by gangs on the streets of Los Angeles, and you know what? Not one was reported in the press. We have become so numb because this kind of violence has become so commonplace all across the United States.  Last September, a member of the Crips from Los Angeles was arrested in Dayton, OH, with two other men for conspiracy to distribute cocaine. Police seized approximately $1 million in cash in the raid.  A 1995 study of gang members by the National Gang Crime Research Center found that three-quarters of all gangs exist in more than one geographic area. One-half of gang members belong to gangs that did not arise locally but arose with contact from a gang outside the area. One-half of gang members had contact with the same gang in another city. And this is the clincher: 61 percent of gang members indicated their gang was an official branch of a larger national gang.  Sergeant Jerry Flowers of the gang crime unit in Oklahoma City captured the migration instinct of these gangs when he said, ``The gang leaders realized that the same ounce of crack cocaine they sold for $300 in Los Angeles was worth nearly $2,000 in Oklahoma City.''  Let me now tell you about the size and scope of some of America's most prominent street gangs. The Los Angeles Times recently conducted one of the most intensive investigative reports of major gang activity ever conducted by a newspaper in the United States.  Let me begin with the 18th Street Gang and the picture the L.A. Times painted. The 18th Street Gang has as many as 20,000 members in southern California alone--20 times the size of the notorious Bloods and Crips.  The 18th Street Gang is so influential in narcotics trafficking that the gang now deals directly with Mexican and Colombian drug cartels. The 18th Street Gang actually rents street corners to nongang dope peddlers, forcing them to pay so-called taxes of up to $1,000 a day.  The gang is growing and spreading. They have become the largest and fastest growing gang in Oregon, where they gunned down a 15-year-old member who wanted out of the gang. Utah officials say the 18th Street Gang has arrived there with a vengeance.  Even internationally, the 18th Street Gang is fighting for turf. In El Salvador, 18th Street is warring with rival gangs. Honduran authorities have sought advice from Los Angeles law enforcement on the gang. 18th Street has a cell in Tijuana, where they often flee to escape arrest and prosecution. On the average, someone in Los Angeles County is assaulted or robbed by the 18th Street Gang every single day of every month of every year.  While currently the deadliest and most prolific on the streets in southern California today, the 18th Street Gang is not the only gang. Let us talk for a moment about Bloods and Crips.  The Bloods and Crips that originated in Los Angeles in the late 1960's are the Nation's two largest street gangs. They are also continuing to expand, and you see this expansion as they move across the United States. Local police and the FBI have traced factions of these gangs to more than 119 cities in the West and Midwest. Some of those cities are on this map. They have more than 60,000 members nationally. According to the FBI, narcotics trafficking is their principal source of income.  Let me give another one, the Chicago-born Gangster Disciples. The Gangster Disciples, according to the authorities, is a Chicago-based, 30,000-member, multimillion-dollar gang operation spanning 35 States. They traffic in narcotics and weapons and are said to operate much like a Fortune 500 company, with two boards of directors, one in prison and one outside, a layer of governors and regents, a tax collector, and some 6,000 salespersons. Their income is estimated by Chicago authorities to be $300,000 daily.  Let me talk for a minute about Russian gangs. Russian organized crime activity in the United States has been expanding for the past 20 years, but its most significant growth has occurred during the past 5 years. Mr. President, 29 States now report activities by Russian crime groups. FBI Director Louis Freeh stated that more than 200 of Russia's 6,000 crime gangs operate with American counterparts in the United States, so they flow from Russia to the United States and back.  Russian gangs tend to be more loosely organized than other gangs, but they have formed networks that operate and shift alliances to meet particular needs. The California attorney general indicates that the most common activities by Russian organized crime gangs are fraud schemes involving fuel taxes, insurance, and credit card fraud. But they also engage in more common organized crime activities: extortion, loan sharking, drug trafficking, auto theft and prostitution.  Asian gangs: The Department of Justice indicates that among ethnic gangs, Jamaican and Asian gangs are considered by law enforcement officials to pose the largest threat. Asian gangs have been identified as major threats in more than 17 cities. In Los Angeles alone, there are more than 100 Asian gangs with 10,000 members. Illegal activities include alien smuggling, murder, kidnapping, extortion, home-invasion robberies, high-technology heists, and firearms trafficking.  Vietnamese gangs, in particular, have become a serious threat in many of our cities. They tend to be very violent. They are more sophisticated organizationally, and they specialize in stealing multimillion-dollar quantities of computer chips. At least 400 Silicon Valley companies in my State that deal in computer chips have been hit in the last year and a half. That is almost one a day. And they are losing tens of millions of dollars. Computer firms lose as much as $1 million a week in thefts, according to the Justice Department.  The legislation Senator Hatch and I have introduced does this: It doubles the sentence for any member of an organized criminal gang who commits a Federal crime. It expands the scope of gang-related criminal acts to include activities such as carjacking and drive-by shootings, and significantly increases penalties for those crimes. It checks the growth of gangs by making the recruitment of minors into criminal gangs a Federal offense with stiff penalties.  Specifically, this legislation doubles the actual sentence for any member of an organized criminal street gang who commits a Federal crime. Current Federal law increases the penalties for organizers, leaders, managers and supervisors of criminal activity, including gang leaders. However, members ofknown criminal street gangs currently are not subjected to higher penalties when a Federal crime is committed. Many prosecutors and law enforcement officials indicate that gang members, in addition to the leaders and supervisors of gangs, should see their penalties increased to provide a stronger deterrent for children to stay away from street gangs.  This legislation amends the sentencing guidelines so that individual gang members convicted of felonies would have their sentencing level approximately doubled. For example, currently, if a first-time offender who is a member of a gang is convicted of trafficking in 30 stolen guns, he or she would receive a minimum sentence of 4\3/4\ to 6 years in jail. Under this legislation, that sentence would be increased to 9 to 11\1/4\ years.  This legislation makes it a Federal offense to engage in a pattern of criminal gang activity, subject to severe and certain penalties. Under this legislation, if a person commits two or more predicate gang crimes, which include carjacking, drive-by shooting, drug dealing and obstruction of justice, in furtherance of a criminal street gang's activities within a 5-year period, that gangster is engaging in a pattern of criminal gang activity and he can be prosecuted federally. This is the Federal-local partnership we envision, to get at gang activity that crosses State lines. And this individual, if convicted, will be sentenced to at least 10 years in prison, up to life imprisonment for a first conviction of this offense; will be sentenced to at least 20 years imprisonment up to life imprisonment for a second or later conviction of this offense; and would be subject to asset seizures and forfeitures.  This legislation expands the definition of criminal street gangs in Federal law to better reflect modern-day gang activity. So it broadens the definition of criminal street gangs in title 18 of the criminal code to include State crimes such as drive-by shootings, rape, torture, carjacking, kidnapping, and assault with a deadly weapon.  It doubles the penalties for interstate gang-related crimes, and it expands the Travel Act to respond more effectively to the growing problem of highly sophisticated, mobile and organized street gangs. As most of us know, the Travel Act was written in 1961 and it had Mafia-style activity in mind. While the Travel Act as it is now written allows prosecutors to target some gang activities such as drug trafficking, the list is not complete. Law enforcement leaders and prosecutors, including U.S. attorneys, have recommended to us that the act be modernized to better reflect current crimes by gang members.  (