 President, I rise to read into the Record a letter that I have just sent to the President of the United States, urging decertification of Mexico:       Dear Mr. President: I am writing to urge you to deny      certification that Mexico has taken sufficient actions to      combat international narcotics trafficking when you report to      Congress on the anti-narcotics efforts of major drug      producing and drug-transit countries. I believe a reasonable      examination of the facts leads to no other decision.       Last year at this time, Senator D'Amato and I compiled a      list of actions we considered it necessary for the Mexican      government to take to beef up their anti-narcotics efforts.      This list is attached. Regrettably, I have concluded that      there has been insufficient progress, or no progress, on      nearly all of the items on this list. Some of these failures      are due to inability; others are due to a lack of political      will. But all have set back the urgent effort to end the      plague of drugs on our streets.       I want to bring to your attention a number of the most      significant examples of Mexico's inability and unwillingness      to deal with the drug trafficking problem effectively:       Cartels: There has been little or no effective action taken      against the major drug cartels. The two most powerful--the      Juarez Cartel run by Amado Carillo Fuentes, and the Tijuana      Cartel, run by the Arellano Felix brothers--have hardly been      touched by Mexican law enforcement. Those who have been      arrested, such as Hector Palma, are given light sentences and      allowed to continue to conduct business from jail. As DEA      Administrator Constantine says, ``The Mexicans are now the      single most powerful trafficking groups''--worse than the      Colombian cartels.       Money Laundering: Last year, the Mexican parliament passed      criminal money laundering laws for the first time, but the      new laws are incomplete and have not yet been properly      implemented. These laws do not require banks to report large      and suspicious currency transactions, or threaten the      banks with sanctions if they fail to comply. Promises to      enact such regulations--which prosecutors need to identify      money-launderers--have so far gone unfulfilled. Mexican      officials said that such regulations would be developed by      January, but they were not produced. To my knowledge, not      a single Mexican bank or exchange house has been forced to      change its operations.       Law Enforcement: While there have been increases in the      amounts of heroin and marijuana seized by Mexican      authorities, cocaine seizures remain low. Although slightly      higher than last year's figures, the 23.6 metric tons seized      in 1996 is barely half of what was seized in 1993. A modest      increase in drug-related arrests brought the total to 11,245      in 1996--less than half of the 1992 figure.       Cooperation with U.S. Law Enforcement: Our own drug      enforcement agents report that the situation on the border      has never been worse. Last month, the Mexican government      forbade U.S. agents to carry weapons on the Mexican side of      the border, putting their lives in grave danger. Recent news      reports indicate that death threats against U.S. narcotics      agents on the border have quadrupled in the past three      months. Some U.S. agents believe that all their cooperative      efforts are undone almost instantly by the corrupt Mexican      agents with whom they work.       Extraditions: Despite the fact that the United States has      52 outstanding extradition request on drug-related charges,      not a single Mexican national has ever been extradited to the      United States on such charges.       Corruption: Mexico's counternarcotics effort is plagued by      corruption in the government and the national police. Among      the evidence are the eight Mexican prosecutors and law      enforcement officials who have been murdered in Tijuana in      recent months. There has been considerable hope that the      Mexican armed forces would be able to take a more active role      in the counternarcotics effort without the taint of      corruption. But the revelation that Gen. Jesus Gutierrez      Rebollo, Mexico's top counternarcotics official and a 42-year      veteran of the armed forces, had accepted bribes from the      Carillo Fuentes cartel, casts grave doubts upon that hope.       Recent news reports indicate that U.S. law enforcement      officials suspect judges, prosecutors, Transportation      Ministry officials, and Naval officers of corruption, and      there is persuasive evidence that two Mexican Governors--     Manlio Fabio Beltrones Rivera of Sonora and Jorge Carillo      Olea--are actively facilitating the work of drug traffickers      in their respective states. The National Autonomous      University of Mexico estimates that the drug lords spend      $500 million each year to bribe Mexican officials at all      levels, and many consider that figure to be a gross under-     estimation.       Mr. President, I believe the evidence is overwhelming and      can lead to no decision other than the decertification of      Mexico. It would send a strong signal to Mexico and the world      that the United States will not tolerate lack of cooperation      in the fight against narcotics, even from our close friends      and allies. Accordingly, I urge you to establish a clear set      of benchmarks by which you will judge if and when to      recertify Mexico for counternarcotics cooperation. These      benchmarks must include, but not be limited to: effective      action to dismantle the major drug cartels and arrest their      leaders; full and ongoing implementation of effective money-     laundering legislation; compliance with all outstanding      extradition requests by the United States; increased      interdiction of narcotics and other controlled substances      flowing across the border by land and sea routes; improved      cooperation with U.S. law enforcement officials, including      allowing U.S. agents to resume carrying weapons on the      Mexican side of the border; and a comprehensive program to      identify, weed out, and prosecute corrupt officials at all      levels of the Mexican government, police, and military.       You may feel that U.S. interests in Mexico, economic and      otherwise, are too extensive to risk the fall-out that would      result from decertification. That is why Congress included a      vital national interest waiver provision in Section 490 of      the Foreign Assistance Act. But other vital interests are not      a valid reason to certify when certification has not been      earned. If you feel that our interests warrant it, I urge you      to use this waiver. But an honest assessment of Mexico's      cooperation on counternarcotics must fall on the side of      decertification.  