 The      American Medical Association will use the term, `intact      dilation and extraction,' to refer to a specific procedure      comprised of the following elements:  And then they describe the elements:       This procedure is distinct from dilation and evacuation      procedures more commonly used to induce abortion after the      first trimester. Because partial-birth abortion is not a      medical term, it will not be used by the American Medical      Association. [And then it goes on.] According to the      scientific literature, there does not appear to be any      identified situation in which intact D is the only      appropriate procedure to induce abortion, and ethical      concerns have been raised about intact D We have heard      these concerns. The American Medical Association recommends      that the procedure not be used unless alternative procedures      pose materially greater risk to the women. The physician      must, however, retain the discretion to make that judgment,      acting within standards of good medical practice and in the      best interests of the patient.  I happen to believe that is a correct judgment. I happen to believe that the physician must retain the discretion. And I must tell you, it scares me when this body is prepared to write in the concrete of a law that every State in this Union must abide by their judgments, untrained, unskilled, never, for the most part, having given birth to a child, never, for the most part, being intimately familiar with the physiology of a woman, and, yet, has the gumption to say: We are going to write laws. We are not going to have a health exception. And everybody in the United States is going to have to comply with this.  I find that somewhat scary, because conditions do vary. Health circumstances do vary. We all know we can have a certain condition, and for some people it will be benign; for others, it can be terminal. And it can be the same condition. In terms of abnormalities, hydrocephalus has been mentioned on this floor. I have visited, in the old days, institutions where children walked around with their head on a crib because the head was so big they could not lift it off the crib.  Medical science is wonderful. Now hydrocephalus, in many cases--not all--can be handled. So you can't say all hydrocephalics have the same problem. But it is conceivable, and it does happen, that there are serious hydrocephalic implications in some fetuses which make it impossible for them to sustain life on the outside, past any amount of time, or to be delivered in a way that they will not irreparably damage the health of the mother. This is also true.  But there are variations and there are gradations. This legislation, H.R. 1122, does not take that into consideration. Rather, it says that, wholesale, anything that can come under the rubric of partial-birth abortion is hitherto prohibited. And if you commit it--we do not know what it is, the medical literature does not know what it is--but if you commit it, doctor, M.D., you are guilty of a crime. Can you imagine what this is going to do throughout the United States of America? It is going to have a chilling effect. Not only that. In addition to that, everybody out there can sue.  I am perplexed why, if one wants to outlaw a particular procedure, why that procedure is not written up. It has been spoken about. It has been described. It is contained in specificity in this Record. But it is not in the legislation. Instead, the legislation has a much more sweeping impact. All one has to do, in my view, is read that legislation.  Senator Boxer, Senator Moseley-Braun, and I have tried to write a piece of legislation which is very strong, which prohibits as a matter of law third-trimester abortions except when the life and the health of the mother are at stake, and which defines health in a way that it will meet a constitutional test.  I believe we have done it. And it provides civil penalties that will deter and also say to the physician, as an additional test, if you perform one of these third-trimester abortions, know that you have to put in writing, subject to investigation, and send to the Federal Department of Health and Human Services the conditions, the reasons to justify that abortion. I think that is a sound piece of legislation.  I do not think we will win because I think, unfortunately, this debate has been so characterized by egregious situations that everything other than the egregious situation has suddenly been washed away. Yet everything other than the egregious situation is out there in America every single day. I submit that, if legislation does not cover what is the real life of people, and the many different things to which they are subjected, you are going to have a much higher rate of both morbidity, which is physical harm to women, and mortality, which is death to women. That is the way it was before, and that is the way it will be again if we set the clock back.  So I must--I know my colleague from California would like to make some comments--I would like to yield the floor to her. But I must earnestly implore this body, I would be very hopeful that Members will vote for this amendment and vote no on H.R. 1122.  I yield the remainder of my time to the Senator from California.  