 President, I rise to join my colleagues in decrying the stranglehold that has been placed on Federal judicial nominations by the Senate, including the Judiciary Committee, of which I am a member.  The numbers bear repeating, because they are simply appalling. Last year, the Republican Senate confirmed an abysmally low number of judges--only 17. And none of these was for the courts of appeals.  Compare this to when the roles were reversed in 1992, the year a Republican President was running for reelection and the Democrats controlled the Senate. That year, the Democratic Senate confirmed 66 Federal judges, including 11 court of appeals judges.  It was thought that, after the election was over, the Senate would return to the normal course of fulfilling its constitutionally-mandated role in the judicial nomination process.  Unfortunately, however, that has not proven to be the case. It is now mid-way through May, and the Senate has confirmed just two Federal judges. The Judiciary Committee has only held two nominations hearings.  California has been especially hard-hit by this slowdown on Federal judges. More than one-fourth of the judges whose nominations are languishing in the Senate are from California--7 out of 26.  Five of these seven judges were nominated in the last Congress. Let me tell you a little bit about each of them, to put some faces on the nominees whose lives have been disrupted by the Senate's extended failure to act on their nominations:  Richard Paez is already a respected Federal judge on the district court in Los Angeles. He was nominated by the President to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on January 25, 1996. The Judiciary Committee gave him a hearing on July 31, 1996. However, the committee has never taken any further action on his nomination.  Tomorrow, Christina Snyder will have been before the Committee for 1 full year, as she was first nominated by the President to Federal district court in Los Angeles on May 15, 1996. Ms. Snyder is a graduate of one of the top law schools in the country, Stanford Law School, for which she has since gone on to serve on the board of visitors. She is a member of the prestigious American Law Institute, and her nomination has received bipartisan support, including endorsements from the Republican mayor of Los Angeles, Richard Riordan, and the Republican Sheriff of Los Angeles County, Sherman Block. I am not aware of one whit of substantive opposition to her nomination.  And yet, Ms. Snyder has been unable to get even a hearing before the Judiciary Committee. Already this year, the committee has held hearings on the nominations of four men who were nominated after Ms. Snyder, including one who was only nominated for the first time this year, in 1997. I am optimistic that the chairman of the Judiciary Committee will agree to place Ms. Snyder on the agenda for the committee's next nomination hearing, and again urge him to do so.  Margaret Morrow actually was favorably reported by the committee last year, unanimously, but her nomination died on the floor. She was nominated over a year ago, on May 9, 1996. Morrow is a graduate of Harvard Law School, was the first woman president of the State Bar of California, and has received numerous awards for her work as a lawyer and her commitment to public service.  The committee held a second hearing on her nomination this year. But while the three men who were heard along with her have all been favorably reported out of the committee, she has not even been brought up for a vote. Her nomination has been slowed while members of the committee from the other side of the aisle pose round after round of follow-up questions to her, including asking for her view on some of the most controversial issues that have been considered by Californians on the ballot over the last 10 years. This level of scrutiny previously has been reserved for Supreme Court nominees, who shape constitutional interpretation, rather than merely following precedent a district court judge does. In my time on the committee, I have never seen this level of scrutiny applied to a male district court nominee.  Jeffrey Miller is a superior court judge in San Diego, who was appointed to that post by Republican Governor Deukmejian. An accomplished jurist and a veteran of the State attorney general's office, he has been complimented by numerous fellow judges. First nominated last July, his nomination is now on the floor of the Senate. I hope that the majority leader will call up his nomination for action by the Senate.  William Fletcher's nomination to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has been languishing for more than 2 years, having first been made on April 25, 1995. Fletcher is a professor at the Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California at Berkeley, where he has won the Distinguished Teacher Award. He is a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard; he earned his law degree from Yale Law School; he is a Navy veteran, a Rhodes Scholar, and a former clerk on the U.S. Supreme Court. He was favorably reported by the committee almost a yearago, on May 16, 1996. However, the committee has taken no action on his nomination this year.  This outstanding group of holdover nominees from the last Congress has been joined this year by two more nominees, Anthony Ishii and Lynn Lasry, who have been nominated to the Federal district courts for the Eastern District and Southern District of California, respectively.  Mr. President, the time has come to act on these nominations. I'm not asking for a rubber stamp; let's hold hearings on those nominees who haven't had them, and vote on all of them, up or down, yes or no.  California needs these judges. The chief judge of the ninth circuit, Procter Hug, Jr., has said,       our federal courts here in the 9th Circuit, and      particularly our court of appeals, are facing a vacancy      crisis of serious proportions. We simply do not have enough      active district and appellate judges to hear and decide cases      in a prompt and timely manner.  While filings in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals have increased by over 60 percent since 1985, the court currently has 8 vacancies, more than any other circuit in the Nation.  In the last 5 years, case filings in the Eastern District of California have skyrocketed by 49.7 percent.  In the Southern District of California, case filings have increased by 94.7 percent since 1991--a pace that more than triples the national rate of increase of 27.5 percent.  In an editorial last month, the Los Angeles Times put it well:       [The Margaret Morrow] case is only one of many in a      deplorable situation that has gone on far too long. Justice      is not served by an empty bench. Nor is society. Whichever      party holds the Congress and the White House, gamesmanship      over judicial appointments produces no winners. It only      leaves a void . . .       [The Senate's] record of delay, attempts to kill funding      for some appellate seats and its harassment of Morrow and      other qualified nominees reveals a deeply troubling      partisanship.  Last we looked, the U.S. Constitution grants the President the power to nominate and directs the Senate to ``advise and consent,'' not stonewall. The 26 nominations now pending would be a good place to start.  I urge my colleagues, let's end the gridlock on judges. Let's not hold the third branch of government hostage to partisan politics.  