 I find myself very much thinking along the lines of the Senators from New York, Connecticut and New Jersey.  I watched the CNN coverage from Jerusalem this morning, and my heart very much went into my throat. I wondered how much can the people of this small nation endure. I looked at the faces on the streets, and I saw a kind of brokenness, a spirit diminished, a hurt that was turning rapidly to anger.  I have been one on the Foreign Relations Committee who has been a supporter of the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act. That act expired prior to our recess. It was not renewed. My understanding is that as a result the Palestinian office in this area has closed, and I believe it should remain closed, and that the aid specified through the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act, which we call MEPFA, has ceased. I believe that aid should cease. I believe that the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act at this point in time should not be renewed and, as a member of the Foreign Relations Committee, it is going to take a great deal to convince me to go in any other direction.  The last terrorist attack before this was July 30. Since then, there has been an aborted attack. Today, we saw three suicide bombers go into a busy pedestrian mall and blow themselves up in a kind of fanaticism that certainly is not understood in Western countries or really any peace-loving country. It is not the act of peace-loving people to blow themselves up and blow up anyone that happens to be around them.  I submit that the only reason these bombs are not blowing up inside rooms, businesses, and convention halls--and causing even more casualties--is that in Israeli, everyone is searched when they enter public buildings. This is a terrible way for people to have to live. At some point it almost begins to approach the atrocity of a concentration camp if people must live this way.  My own view is that it takes two parties to pursue peace, and both parties must want peace. I had thought up to this point that Yasser Arafat wants peace. I must tell this body honestly, I no longer believe that to be the case. I watched his kiss with a Hamas leader, and I know that when public leaders engage in these kinds of symbolic gestures, it sets forth signals, signals to every Hamas terrorist everywhere, that their actions are, to some extent, condoned by the chairman of the Palestinian Authority, the head of that authority. That is a terrible signal to send if you are going to be seriously engaged in a peace process.  So I have come to believe that that authority at this stage does not want peace. I have come to believe it when I read that members of the police department were actually engaged in complicity with terrorists to allow a terrorist attack to take place.  I believe the following: First, that if there is ever a time for the Arab world to come forward and take a united and strong position against Hamas and Hezbollah and any other organization that would carry out these acts, it is now. If there ever was a time for the Arab world to begin to press for the arrest, for the destruction of these terrorist organizations, it is now. Outside of concerted action by the Arab world, I don't see how a peace process can go ahead with any progress whatsoever.  Second, I believe we should not renew the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act. I believe that all funding should cease at this point. And I must finally say that I personally have very mixed feelings about Secretary Albright's trip to the Middle East. Yes, I believe we should resist terrorism. I am not sure that going to the Middle East at this point in time sends the signal that we do, indeed, resist terrorism. It seems to me that if both parties, Israel and the Palestinians, want to discuss peace and the United States is going to carry out our role as an honest broker, this peace can be brokered elsewhere than on Israeli soil at this point in time.  When three people move forward to kill themselves and kill others, I only can believe that other attacks are going to follow. If I am any judge at all of the faces, the Israeli faces I saw on television this morning, I would have to say that peace is having a price that free people have a great deal of difficulty in paying, because it means your child can't go to school, you can't shop, you can't walk down a street. You become a hostage, in another sense.  So I make these comments with very deep concern as one who has tried to work on resolutions passed by this body so that they weren't inflammatory to the peace process, so that Jerusalem, as an issue, could be handled in a way that was not inflammatory, so that the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act could go ahead. But as one Member of this Senate, I am now at the point where I believe that without a major commitment from the Arab world, from Mr. Arafat and from his government, peace is at the weakest point that I have ever seen since the peace process has begun.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. I thank the Senator from New York for his comments.  Mr. D'AMATO addressed the Chair.  