 Bingo, it is a terrible circuit. Well, let me say that that is only 28 cases out of over 4,480 cases. It is the largest circuit. That is a very small percentage of the cases it successfully adjudicated.  Let me just go back to Judge Hug's letter because I believe there is something important here. The caseload per judge in the ninth circuit would be 124 cases per judge higher than the twelfth circuit, or 52 percent greater, as I have said, than the twelfth.  Then he raises this:       The provision in the bill for coequal clerks in the twelfth      Circuit is completely unworkable. How can it be efficiently      administered in this way? Is the administration of the      circuit to be done in two separate, coequal headquarters?      Where would the circuit executive be located?  These are all questions that need to be answered. This thing would go into effect on October 1. No question is answered.  Then Judge Hug says in his letter:       Consider the travel time and expense of the judges.      Presumably, the judges from Alaska and Montana will need to      travel half of the time to Phoenix, and the Arizona judges      will need to travel half the time to Seattle. Presently, the      circuit headquarters in San Francisco is equal distance, and      the air routes convenient. This would not be the case in the      new twelfth circuit. I don't know whether that's good or bad.      My point is that it ought to be looked at. If we had been      able to move ahead, and the House and the Senate agreed on      the study, it would have been done by now. The study would      have been done by now. It is a year and a half ago. It would      have been done by now. Instead, we are faced with another      arbitrary proposal for a split. We are rushing it through. It      is an arbitrary split. No one has looked at costs, or at fair      distribution of judges; no one has heard from a judge or from      a bar association on this split; and no members of any of the      bars of any of the States have indicated their support for      this--none, zero, zilch, none. October 1, it goes into play.      It does not make sense.  How much time do I have remaining, Mr. President?  