  Mr. President, I rise in support of the Reid amendment to the majority resolution to provide a balanced budget constitutional amendment.  As everyone in this body knows, the Reid amendment would exclude Social Security trust funds from the balancing requirement of the proposed constitutional amendment. This exclusion is the only matter in which the Reid amendment differs from the majority's balanced budget amendment. I think the amendment addresses a fundamental question to all of us who are in this body: Will we accept the responsibility to bring the Federal budget in balance without placing at risk the funds our constituents depend on for their retirement?  It must be remembered that every American worker pays 6.2 percent of their paycheck, matched by 6.2 percent from the employer, for a total 12.4 percent, which is paid into Social Security for their retirement.  What has happened is that the Social Security trust fund has been incorporated as part of the unified budget. Therefore, those moneys actually go into balancing the budget, and the majority amendment would freeze this practice into the Constitution for all time--for all time--so that forever Social Security trust funds are used to pay the salary of a clerk or a lawyer or build a highway or buy a battleship or do any number of the myriad of things the Federal Government does through its operating budget. I believe that this is the soft underbelly of this constitutional amendment. This is the Achilles heel. Even if this amendment passes both of these bodies, I do not for a minute believe that three-quarters of the people of each legislature in our 50 States will ratify this amendment.  This morning we had signatures from 890,000 Social Security recipients, urging our opposition to any balanced budget amendment which does not protect Social Security. Those signatures represent just the current recipients today. People like my daughter, who is in her midthirties, is working and providing that money said to me, ``Mother, you know that isn't going to be there when I retire. Why don't you just let me have the money now. There are better things I can do with it. I could use it right now.''  Social Security is a sacred trust with the public.  If I may, let me make the picture for not enshrining it into the Constitution with this chart.  What this chart does is show the amount of Social Security surplus--that is all of this--that goes into balancing the budget. Up to 2002 it is in the vicinity of $500 billion.  By 2013, it is $2 trillion that is utilized cumulatively to balance the budget. From 2002 to 2019, the amount that Senate Joint Resolution 1 takes from the trust fund to balance the budget is $1.8 trillion.  Now, what happens after the year around 2019 when the surplus begins to fall? When Social Security revenue drops below Social Security outlays to beneficiaries, according to the Congressional Research Service report, that is when this body will have to raise taxes or cut Social Security payments or cut some other Federal programs and find some way to balance the budget.  Under the majority's proposed constitutional amendment, outlays must match revenue in the fiscal year. If Social Security revenue falls, the revenue needs to be made up through higher taxes or we have to cut spending through reduced Social Security payments or spending reductions elsewhere in the budget.  The majority's amendment is unfair because it enshrines in the Constitution, the principle that Social Security receipts and Social Security payments to beneficiaries are at risk. Because, at some point along the way, push is going to come to shove, expenditures are going to exceed outlays, and then there is going to be a problem.  There are some in this body who will say, ``Well, that forces us to reform Social Security.'' That may be and it may not be, I don't know. But it is not the right thing to do.  In 1990, adopting the Hollings amendment, which Senator Hollings has so eloquently described, this body said we are not going to include Social Security as part of the unified budget anymore. The votes were virtually unanimous. Yet, voila, the Federal Government continues to include Social Security as part of the unified budget. I think that is wrong. That is the soft underbelly, that is the Achilles heel. It is just plain wrong.  I support the Reid amendment. The Reid amendment's only difference from the majority resolution is the exclusion of Social Security from the balancing requirement.  In the event that the Reid amendment is not successful, tomorrow morning I will propose another version, along with Senators Cleland, Torricelli, and Durbin. This amendment would say: All right, we lost in our effort to take Social Security out of the balancing requirement for the very reason that it is too difficult to achieve balance. We all admit that, that there needs to be some time to adjust to the removal of Social Security from the unified budget. So I will propose an amendment which essentially would do the following. It would say that Social Security will be used up to the year 2002. After the year 2002, when balance is achieved, Social Security will be withdrawn from the unified budget and, therefore, $1.8 trillion will be preserved for retirees. The integrity will be saved. It will not be an IOU. It will be saved. Additionally, my amendment would change extending the debt limit from the three-fifths requirement of the majority balanced budget amendment to a constitutional majority of both bodies. It would also provide an exception for an economic emergency, and that way the stabilizers can function, and it would also clarify that the amendment will not prohibit the enactment of a capital budget as well.  So, I believe that, in the year 2002, Congress would have the opportunity to develop a capital budget. At 2 percent of GDP, that capital budget would be around $160 billion a year. We utilize about $140 billion a year now, so it would make some sense and it would fill the gap.  If there is an interest in having a balanced budget amendment, this might be a way of going about it and correcting some of the problems. The Reid amendment, which I have voted for in past years, indicates that the enshrinement of Social Security into the Constitution of the United States is not something that this body is going to do. We are not going to take those trust funds and use them to buy battleships or provide park services or pay the salaries of 96,000 workers at the Department of Justice, or to provide anything else. It will be invested as trust funds, as it should be, separate and discrete and held for the retirement of every person who pays that FICA tax every year.  I yield the remainder of my time.  Mr. President, may I ask to spend a few minutes as in morning business to introduce a matter?  