  One of my great pleasures in the Senate has been to chair the Senate Cancer Coalition with Senator Mack, and in that capacity, we have had four hearings. We have listened and heard a great deal about cancer.  I think, Mr. President, if you ask the American people two questions about Federal spending, in two areas, and if you asked, ``How much do we spend as a portion of our budget on foreign operations?'' the American people would think it is very high. If you ask them, ``What do you think we spend on research for health?'' I think they would say it is a great deal. In fact, it is less than one percent of our budget.  Today, at the NIH only 28 percent of the grant applications are funded. That is down from 30 percent in 1992. We are doing less. Only 20 percent of new grants are funded.  How would NIH use more funds? They would use the funds in areas that show scientific promise:  Brain disorders: areas such as neural development, neural degeneration, with emphasis on Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.  New Therapies: drugs to combat cancer and AIDS; bioengineering to repair damaged tissues; treatments to improve care at the end of life.  Genetics: better identification of inherited mutations which contribute to cancer risk; better identification of environmental impact of genetic mutations.  Now let's turn to the National Cancer Institute.  The National Cancer Institute in fiscal year 1997 can only fund 26 percent of grant applications. NCI funded 32 percent in 1992. They are down in 4 years from funding 32 percent to 26 percent of grant applications.  General Norman Schwarzkopf, a prostate cancer patient, said: ``During the past decade, Federal funding for cancer research has, after adjusting for inflation, increased only one percent.''  Mr. President, 7.4 million Americans have a history of cancer; 1.3 million cases will be diagnosed this year and 560,000 Americans will die. But we spend one tenth of one cent of every Federal dollar on cancer research.  On May 7, NCI Director Dr. Klausner said NCI could use double its current funding. How would NCI use additional funds? First, experts say they could increase the testing and search for causes of cancer. Second, more people could participate in cancer trials. We could increase access of eligible adult cancer patients participating in clinical trials. Today, only 2 percent of eligible cancer patients can participate and we could increase that to 20 percent. NIH could increase the number of cancer centers from 55 to 75. Cancer researchers could improve earlier detection of cancer and expand studies of environmental risk factors for cancer, as was urged by experts at a recent hearing of our Senate Cancer Coalition. NCI could monitor more people to better understand the impact of treatment on cancer patients. Today, NCI can monitor only 10 percent of the American population with cancer, a sample that is too small. More monitoring can yield more information about the outcome of treatments.  Mr. President, NCI has identified five important new research areas that could realize the large dividends that are described in NCI's ``bypass budget.'' What is the bypass budget? The Congress requested the National Cancer Institute to annually identify, in their professional judgment, their promising scientific unmet needs.  Here is what they are: First, Cancer genetics: Within 5 years, the goal is to identify every major human gene predisposing to cancer. Second, NCI could increase animal models of human cancers that would allow testing in animals of early detection, prevention, and treatment strategies. Third, NCI could improve detection technologies, to sharpen the sensitivity of technologies and smaller numbers of tumor cells. Fourth, NCI could improve developmental diagnostics to better understand the difference in and the properties of tumors, how they change, how they respond to treatment and thereby improve the treatments. And fifth, NCI could increase what is called investigator-initiated research by 30 percent, to capitalize on new ideas and talent all across the country. This would increase research conducted in universities and labs.  With our aging population growing, our research needs will grow. People are living longer. By the year 2000, the number of people aged 75 to 84 will increase by one-third, to 12.3 million people. People over 85, the fastest growing segment of our population, will grow 70 percent, to 4.9 million. One-third of U.S. health care spending today goes to people over age 65. These costs, left unabated, will grow exponentially. The rising aged population will tax Medicare, Medicaid and the health system overall.  NIH is working on research to delay the diseases and disabilities of aging. Let me give some examples. Mr. President, 4 million Americans today have Alzheimer's disease, a degenerative disorder that can leave people unable to function on their own. By delaying the onset of Alzheimer's for 5 years, we can save $50 billion annually.  Half of all people over age 65 have symptoms of arthritis. Osteoarthritis costs $8 billion annually. By delaying the onset by 5 years, we can save $4 billion.  Hearing loss: 30 percent of adults age 65 to 75, and 40 percent of those over 75, have some degree of hearing impairment. Delaying the onset by just 5 years could save $15 billion annually. What is my point? Research is cost effective.  We need more health research because we have diseases and disorders for which there is no cure.  AIDS has surpassed accidents as the leading killer of young adults. It is now the leading cause of death among Americans age 25 to 44.  The prevalence of diabetes has steadily increased over the past 35 years.  Just pick up Time magazine and you see that asthma rates jumped 58 percent, from 1982 to 1992 for children, and asthma is the leading cause of school absences from chronic conditions.  40,000 infants die each year from devastating diseases, and 20 million Americans have rare diseases for which there are few effective treatments. Seven to ten percent of children are learning disabled.  The rate of low birth-weight among African-American children is 13 percent, compared to 6.2 percent for white Americans. One condition that increases the risk of premature delivery is bacterial vaginosis, and African Americans have a higher rate.  So we can alleviate suffering, find treatments, cure diseases, if we have the research, if we devote the resources to it. The irony is that most people, 75 percent of the people in America, would pay higher taxes for this kind of research.  I contend that increased research will reduce health care costs. Let megive some examples of annual economic costs. Cancer, $104 billion annually; heart disease, $128 billion; Alzheimer's, $100 billion; diabetes, $138 billion; mental disorders, $148 billion; stroke, $30 billion. A 5-year delay in Alzheimer's--again, $50 million savings. Savings in delaying the onset of stroke would be $15 billion. And a delay in the onset of Parkinson's disease would save $3 billion annually.  For every $1 spent on measles/mumps/rubella vaccine, $21 is saved. For diphtheria/tetanus/pertussis vaccine, $29 is saved. This is prevention. And research can bring us prevention.  Hip fractures, common among the elderly, are a leading cause of nursing home admissions. They account for one in every 5 admissions. NIH research found that estrogen therapy reduces osteoporosis and hip fractures. In 1991, 1 year alone, the reduction in fractures in women taking estrogen replacement saved $333 million in these nursing home admission costs.  Medicaid and Medicare: 56 percent of nursing home costs are paid by these programs. They total over $44 billion annually. These costs are rising. We all know this from our budget deficit debate. By delaying the onset of chronic aging-related illnesses, spending for nursing home care could be cut by $35 billion.  What is my point? My point is health research makes sense for many reasons, but we are not doing as well as we could. The scientific community has repeatedly pointed out that we are neglecting research. The Institute of Medicine has described U.S. clinical health research as, ``in a state of crisis.'' Without adequate support, we will see a serious deficiency of clinical expertise, a reduction in effective clinical interventions, increases in human suffering and disability, and increases in the costs of health care.  A June 1995 national survey by Research America found, as I said, that 75 percent of the public would pay more for medical research. This is one of the reasons why Senator Mack, Senator D'Amato, Senator Reid, Senator Johnson and I will be proposing a tax checkoff for the IRS form, giving Americans the opportunity to use a checkoff to contribute to cancer research. This could be an effective public-private partnership. It is one of the reasons why we are also for a breast cancer stamp, which would have 1 additional cent, and that 1 cent would go to breast cancer research.  Mr. President, 94 percent of Americans believe it is important for the United States to maintain its role as a world leader in medical research. We cannot do it if health research is less than 1 percent of our budget. We cannot do it when good grants are turned down because the funding isn't there. Only 3 cents of every health care dollar spent in this country is used for research--3 cents. NIH's budget is less than 1 percent.  I made my case. Medical science is on the cutting edge of many important discoveries. It is a time when we should be nourishing research. This is not the time to backslide. I urge my colleagues to support the Mack-Feinstein amendment. I yield the floor and I thank the Chair.  