 President, I rise this afternoon to commend and strongly support Gen. Barry McCaffrey, Director of the Office of National Drug Policy Control, in his call for increased funds for the drug interdiction effort. I have been one who has been most critical over the low priority effort that has been made to stop the flow of drugs into this country. The recent series in the Washington Post--I think it was five articles--pointed out that anywhere from 5 to 7 tons a day of heavy narcotics is flowing into our country.  General McCaffrey reports that he has been visiting at least four Cabinet Secretaries, including the Cabinet Secretary representing Defense, to really ask for moneys to increase the interdiction efforts with respect to hard narcotics.  I, who have criticized, must also be one who stands and supports this. Later today, Senator Coverdell and I, and I hope the distinguished Senator from Iowa, Senator Grassley, who has just come to the floor, will be joining in a letter to the Secretary, also indicating our support.  General McCaffrey insists that he cannot certify the Pentagon's requested budget for fiscal 1999 unless it includes $141 million in additional drug interdiction funding. I believe the general is right in taking this action. I urge the administration to support him.  While highlighting the fact that other Federal agencies have increased their counternarcotics spending at a faster rate, the general has asked that the Defense Department increase the amount it spends for the drug fight in four key areas.  The first is Andean coca reduction. He is asking for an increase of $75 million to carry on the drug fight in the Andes region, where American and local officials are working in cooperation to disrupt the cocaine export industry.  National Guard counterdrug operations--he is asking for an increase of $30 million to support antidrug activities of the National Guard that partially restores reductions incurred since 1993 in State plans funding, which include support for counterdrug activities along the border.  Third, he is asking for an increase of $12 million for a program to intercept traffickers in the Caribbean Basin, including southern Florida, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the eastern Caribbean. This would implement commitments made by the President during the Caribbean summit in Barbados.  And he is asking for money for Mexican initiatives, an increase of $24 million to provide additional resources to reduce the flow of illicit drugs from Mexico and for a drug training program for Mexican officials so that they can locate and arrest drug traffickers and money launderers at the border.  The point that General McCaffrey makes, that I think is so important, is although the domestic funding of domestic agencies to fight drugs has gone up, the Defense Department funding, which is really the interdiction funding--the air surveillance, the radar, the trafficking, those thing that is going into really cutting off the flow of narcotics--has gone down by 2 percent this year. If you look at a chart of its decline over a period of years you will see where it went up to a high in 1992, came dramatically down by 1994, and has remained virtually flat, even declining some more, between 1995 and 1999. So the current DOD budget is only 1.3 percent higher than fiscal year 1990.  We were told we have 5 to 7 tons of cocaine and hard narcotics coming in over our border a day. And yet, the DOD budget is only 1.3 percent higher in these areas than it was in 1990. That is less than a single year of inflation.  So, I think the head of this Office of Drug Control has a very, very good point in asking for this money and, frankly, for really putting his foot down. Many of us in the Senate have been after him to be more vigorous to stop the flow of narcotics: ``Why don't you do something about it? Why don't you see that the air and sea and land interdiction is beefed up?'' He can't do that without the resources to do it.  Mr. President, I happen to believe in terms of the appropriateness of it being in the Defense Department budget, that there is no threat to America's national security equal to the threat of drugs. Tens of thousands of people are killed in this country from drugs. Hundreds of thousands of lives in this country are ruined by drugs. It is largely responsible today for the crime rate in virtually every community throughout this Nation. It is a driving force and a central drawing card for the gang movement in the United States and its spread across State lines.  The cartels have flourished because of it, and with it has come some of the most violent actions which anyone can possibly conceive: prosecutors killed, attorneys threatened. Just today, if you pick up the newspaper, you will see one of the cartel leaders, Amado Carrillo Fuentes, who underwent plastic surgery. The doctors who performed that surgery disappeared. Their bodies were just found. Their fingernails had been pulled out. Their bodies were covered with burns. The garrote still remained around their neck. And this is everyday action surrounding drugs, the movement of drugs and the activities of the five big Mexican cartels.  All of this has created increased and, I think, unnecessary tensions between two countries, neighboring countries--the United States and Mexico--who should be good friends and working together. We can't work together without the resources to carry out the job well. No Nation today, again, presents the threat to this Nation's national security as does the heavy flow of narcotics into this country.  So I am very proud, and Senator Coverdell and I will be issuing a joint press statement indicating our strong support for this action. We want a standup drug czar. We want him to call it as he sees it. We want him to take forceful action wherever that action is needed.  I am proud to stand here representing one of the States that is impacted in a major way by drugs, to say both to the Secretary of Defense and to the President of the United States, ``Please support the drug czar in his request for these additional moneys. They are necessary for him to do the job.''  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  