 President, I am pleased to speak today in support of President Clinton's nomination of former Senator William Cohen as Secretary of Defense. I truly believe that Senator Cohen has an extraordinary grasp of all defense matters, especially issues of concern to the Navy, and will be an asset as Secretary of Defense.  I have always found Senator Cohen to be a fair and thoughtful public servant who takes the time to understand all issues. In fact, I am happy to say that when Senator Cohen speaks on matters of our national defense and foreign policy, I turn up the volume on my television so that I can catch every word.  Since coming to the Senate, I have stressed the need to be more bipartisan in all that we do. This is especially true when considering what is necessary for our Nation's security. I am convinced that with the Senator's nomination as Secretary of Defense our ability to work together as Democrats and Republicans will be enhanced as will Congress' ability to work with the executive branch. The value of this cooperation cannot be underestimated.  I am also pleased that Secretary-designate Cohen has a keen understanding of international security issues across the board. He is particularly knowledgeable about the Asia-Pacific region and has traveled there many times. Secretary-designate Cohen supports continuing Secretary Perry's strong policy of engagement with China, including extensive military-to-military contacts. This kind of one-on-one relationship with our Asian counterparts is vital to the continued progress in our foreign policy relationship. We, however, must continue to maintain a strong military presence in the Pacific to protect our interests. I am convinced that Senator Cohen will continue to support this effort during his tenure as Secretary of Defense.  Eliminating sexual harassment and all forms of discrimination in our Armed Forces is another issue to which I know the Secretary-designate will dedicate his efforts. He was a leader during the scourge of Tailhook and I am confident that he will continue to monitor the Army's investigations into sexual harassment and assault inside its ranks.  Finally, I know that the Secretary-designate and I will have the opportunity to discuss and to work on those matter on which we do not see eye to eye. As a Senator, Secretary-designate Cohen had differing views on the administration's current Department of Defense privatization efforts. I look forward to working with him as we continue to explore the best ways to preserve the readiness needs of our military and the most cost-effective means to support our military's depot maintenance activities. I am positive that we will have, as we have always had, the ability to discuss these differences openly and honestly.  In closing, I was pleased to hear that Senator Cohen mentioned the problem of access to bombmaking information on the Internet during his testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee today. This is a widespread problem for which I have been seeking a solution and I am pleased that the Secretary-designate understands its gravity.  I am happy to give my support for the nomination of former Senator William Cohen to the office of Secretary of Defense. I am positive he will be an asset to the Clinton administration and to our Nation as a whole.  