 President.  I yield myself 5 minutes.  Mr. President, I would like to thank the distinguished chairman for hiscomments and also for the speed with which he processed this nomination. I think it is very important and significant that he has done that, and it certainly speaks for the best interests of bipartisanship.  Mr. President, as the only woman on the Foreign Relations Committee, I consider this to be a historic appointment indeed. I rise to say that I am proud to indicate my very enthusiastic support for Madeleine Albright to be confirmed before this body as Secretary of State.  I want to commend President Clinton because he was certainly faced with an array of very qualified candidates. But I think he chose one of the very, very best. Anyone who heard her thoughtful responses to some 6 hours of questioning during her confirmation hearing would have been impressed by her knowledge, her eloquence and her skill. I fully expect Ambassador Albright to be a truly superb Secretary of State.  I look forward to working with her as various foreign policy issues come before the Senate of the United States. It is difficult to imagine a background and a body of experience better suited to the person we call on to be our Nation's chief diplomat and the President's chief foreign policy advisor. Madeleine Albright knows firsthand the ``streets'' of foreign policy, how actions by governments affect the lives of individuals. Her enormous intellect, her personal experience, her plain speaking, I think, will be huge assets.  As the United States approaches the 21st century, I believe it is crucial that our foreign policy be conducted in a bipartisan manner. The practice of reinventing the wheel of foreign policy every 4 years or at least with every change of administration has been difficult on our allies and weakens American credibility as the strongest nation on Earth.  Madeleine Albright holds a unique opportunity to cement a bipartisan foreign policy. If she can accomplish this, her legacy to this Nation and the world will be significant. One of the most complex issues that she will face, and the largest single area that I believe needs focused attention, is the entire Pacific rim. With 60 percent of the people of the world now living on the shores of the Pacific and American trade with the Pacific rim nations three times that of the Atlantic, the administration's No. 1 priority in foreign policy should be to maintain a strong and positive presence in Asia.  As part of this effort, the United States must build our most important, but still largely undeveloped, bilateral relationship--that with the People's Republic of China--into one of partnership and cooperation in our many areas of mutual interest.  Ambassador Albright's qualifications to be Secretary of State are unimpeachable. For the past 4 years she has served with distinction as the U.S. Permanent Representative to the United Nations, a member of the President's Cabinet, and a member of the staff of the National Security Council.  She has also headed one of Washington's foremost think tanks, served as professor of international affairs at Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service, and holds a doctorate from Columbia University. And, I might add, she served as a staff member for one of the true giants of the U.S. Senate, Edmund Muskie, who himself went on to serve as Secretary of State.  Beyond her professional accomplishments, her life--having fled Czechoslovakia at the dawn of the Second World War--provides a lesson in the values that we as Americans hold most dear and for the role in the world that America, at its best, can play.  As the first woman to serve as Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright's nomination will open up new doors for all women, not just in this country, but around the globe, in places unaccustomed to seeing women in high office. Whenever a woman crosses a threshold into an area that has been predominantly held by men, and performs effectively, the doors open for women everywhere.  I take particular pride in casting my vote for Ambassador Madeleine Albright. It is a tremendous step forward in our country for a woman to be named the Nation's top diplomat. As consequential as that is, in Madeleine Albright's case it is really a secondary consideration, because she is so eminently qualified for the job.  Although I am sure it is unnecessary to do so, I take pride in urging all of my colleagues to support this outstanding nomination.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor and, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  