 President, I rise in support of the conference report on the fiscal year 1998 Interior appropriations bill.  This conference report contains both authorization and appropriations for the all-important Headwaters Forest acquisition in northern California.  Mr. President, California's ancient redwood forests are among our Nation's most valued treasures, which is why the battle to preserve them has reached a fever pitch in recent years.  The Headwaters Forest, nearly 3,000 acres located in Humboldt County, is one of the last remaining ancient redwood groves still in private hands. The land is owned by the Pacific Lumber Co., which is owned by the Maxxam Corp.  Over the past decade there have been over a dozen attempts to save this ancient redwood grove. All have failed.  Five attempts at Federal legislation failed.  Three attempts at State legislation failed.  Three statewide bond measures to raise funds to acquire the redwoods were rejected by California voters.  Two State legislative measures to reform California forestry regulations, one that would have restricted logging on private lands, and another that some said was not restrictive enough, both failed.  With the background, last year I was asked to see if I could facilitate an agreement between the property owner and the State and Federal Governments. After more than 100 hours of intense negotiations, an agreement was reached for the State of California and the Federal Government to jointly purchase the Headwaters Forest from Pacific Lumber Co.  Under the Headwaters agreement, the governments will purchase the 3,000-acre Headwaters Forest and the 425-acre Elkhead Springs Grove, plus nearly 4,000 additional acres of adjacent land to serve as a buffer. In all, approximately 7,500 acres would be acquired and protected.  The price under the Headwaters agreement is $380 million, of which the Federal Government will contribute $250 million and the State will contribute $130 million.  Without the Federal funding to complete this agreement, there is no agreement. And if there is no agreement, the Pacific Lumber Co. will proceed with its huge taking lawsuit against the Federal Government for the cost of any regulations that prevent the company from logging its old growth redwoods. In the end, the real losers will be the American taxpayers who will possibly pay even more if Pacific Lumber wins its taking lawsuit. That is why this conference report is so important. It provides the $250 million federal share for Headwaters.  Specifically, this Headwaters package includes: Appropriation of $250 million for the Federal purchase of the Headwaters Forest; appropriation of $10 million for a payment to Humboldt County, CA; and a prohibition on the expenditure of $250 million for 180 days from date of enactment.  This will allow a period of time for the authorizing committees to review the issues associated with the Headwaters transaction and recommend any changes in the authorization if necessary. The funding will be available at the end of the 180 days.  The conference report also provides an authorization to purchase the Headwaters Forest. While many believe the Department of the Interior has more than sufficient authority to acquire the property, I know that others disagree and have insisted on authorizing legislation. The authorization is contained in this conference report.  Specifically, this bill authorizes the Headwaters acquisition with the following conditions: The State of California provides $130 million for its share of the costs, the State of California approves a sustained yield plan for the Pacific Lumber Co. property, a habitat conservation plan is approved and an incidental take permit is issued to Pacific Lumber, an appraisal of the lands to be acquired is done and reviewed by the Comptroller General, Pacific Lumber Co. dismisses its lawsuit against the Federal Government, a report is made to Congress on applicable HCP standards, Humboldt County is eligible for payment in lieu of taxes [PILT] payments for Federal lands acquired, 50 percent of management costs in excess of $100,000 will come from non-Federal sources, development of a management plan, with consideration of management by a trust, and expiration of the authorization on March 1, 1999.  If asked, is this authorization exactly what I would have drafted, the answer is no. But it gets the job done. And that is what is important.  I firmly believe that the Headwaters agreement is our last best hope to preserve these magnificent ancient redwoods. I urge my colleagues to approve this conference report.  