  On four occasions, the Federal judges of the ninth circuit and the practicing lawyers of the Ninth Circuit Judicial Conference have voted in opposition to splitting the circuits. The official bar organization of Arizona--as recently as July 14, a few days ago--and the bars of California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, and Nevada, and the National Federal Bar Association, all have taken positions against the circuit division. No State bar organization to this day has taken a position in favor of circuit division, let alone this division.  Now, let me try to begin to summarize here.  I believe strongly--and I think the other side knows I do not throw these comments around loosely--that this is really being done for the wrong reasons and in the wrong way. I think some people did not like some of the decisions, specifically in mining and grazing. For some it is being done because they think they will get more judges for their State. I have had Senators tell me that directly. For some, a new courthouse is attractive.  The point is, the House of Representatives has passed the very bill, the amendment of which I am carrying here in the Senate. This proposal, notwithstanding anything anyone has said, as a member of the Judiciary Committee for the last 4\1/2\ years --there has never, Mr. President, in the time you've been there, there has never been a hearing on this split. There has never been a discussion of the ramifications of this split on legal precedent or forum shopping. There has never been input from the judicial council, from the judges, from the bar associations on this split. That is fact, Mr. President. That is fact.  Yet, an appropriations committee has stolen the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee and moved ahead and proposed a split a few weeks ago--2 days later they had a split which split California in half--the next day that was gone and there was the split we are faced with today. That is why I say it is a gerrymander.  If this were a map before a court on an electoral district with Arizona floating out here alone, they would say, aha, it is a gerrymander. Yet it can be done by a committee that does not even have authorizing oversight jurisdiction, and, bingo, it is before the full body. I really have a problem with that. I do not think that is right.  I happen to agree with my chairman, California is going to have 50 million people by the year 2025. We should take a look at whether or not the interests of justice would be carried out by splitting the largest circuit in the Union. I do not have a problem with that.  What I do have a problem with is worrying, aha, is this being done because Montana does not like a mining decision? Is it being done because Washington does not like a timber decision? Is it being done because someone else doesn't like another decision? Is it being done because a state wants an additional judge?  I mean, this is a very real and pertinent consideration because never before in the history of the Union has acircuit been split in this manner. So it is indeed very, very important.  No consideration of costs. I pointed out the Pasadena and San Francisco courthouses; $140 million has just been spent on them. My goodness, I can see the spot done now on television. ``They spend all this money.'' I believe there is no way you can build new courthouses, and staff them with duplicate positions, and not have it cost at least $100 million in 1997 dollars. And do you know what? This goes into place, Mr. President, in October of this year.  This is almost the end of July, and then there's August, September, and October 1 this goes into effect. No hearing; no study; no talk; no what do you think, bar of Arizona; what do you think, bar of Nevada; what do you think, bar of Alaska; or what do you think, bar of Idaho? It doesn't meet the smell test. That is the problem for me.  Now, let me talk----  