 President, for this opportunity.  I didn't come to the floor prepared to speak on this amendment. I came to speak on a another amendment. Having said that, I must say I am sorry this sense-of-the-Senate amendment has been raised. I think it would be a big mistake to pass this sense of the Senate that would essentially say to the People's Republic of China, ``we are going to isolate you from the rest of the world.'' Make no mistake about it, that is what this amendment says.  Anyone that has had a look at China knows that, historically, China has never wanted to interrelate with the rest of the world. Those of us who were in Hong Kong for the handover heard many comments about the British occupation of Hong Kong as a kind of bounty from the opium wars where Britain forced on China the opium trade, and the whole British control of Hong Kong as a colony developed from that time.  Having said that, the question is, really, is anything productive solved by forcing China into a position of isolationism, strengthening the hard-liners in China, providing a setback to the development of the rule of law and, most importantly, providing a setback to the economic democracy that is now developing all throughout the eastern seaports of the People's Republic of China? My answer to that is no. My answer to that is it signals to China that, effectively, Senate policy at the very least would be to try to contain China, isolate China, and not allow China to be a normal trading party with the United States of America. Internationally, that signals catastrophe.  Now, what does it mean for the United States? For the United States, and as a Californian, in my State, with one-third of our economy now dependent on Asia--not necessarily on China, but Asia--it means a loss of jobs. For the rest of the United States, it means a loss of jobs. The Senator from Kentucky just alluded to what it would mean for Hong Kong. He alluded to the fact that we heard no democratic leader say MFN should be denied China. Exactly the opposite. We heard democratic leaders in Hong Kong saying to deny China MFN would negatively impact the people of Hong Kong.  They estimate it would take economic growth and cut it by half, from 5 percent to 2\1/2\ percent. They say that it would cost up to 86,000 jobs in Hong Kong, and that even a partial cancellation, even a 6-month extension, would create a kind of uncertainty that would disturb the market in Hong Kong.  I think it is misguided to think you can deny a nation as large as China, the largest nation in the world, normal trading relations--not special trading relations, nothing special about it, but normal trading relations--and do anything other than shoot ourselves in the foot, because a whole ripple effect would be felt throughout the United States. And the flip side in China would be the growing isolation, the hard-liners being able to say, ``I told you so.''  Right now in China it is widely speculated that the next premier will be a man whose name is Zhu Rongji. He was at one time the mayor of Shanghai. I know him. He also is the author of the marketplace economy for China. He supported Shanghai as the first independent economic zone, which really was the first of these dynamic economic zones, and then, second, he has supervised an amazing transformation of the marketplace.  Today, only 50 percent of the companies in China are wholly owned by the central government. It used to be 100 percent of the companies were owned by the central government; 25 percent of these are in private hands today. They are becoming more competitive, more efficient. Sure, it is difficult because the big employers of China are the centrally owned companies. So it takes time.  In direct response to the distinguished Senator's concern about human rights--because I share these concerns very, very much--I have been trying for 6 years now, almost twice a year, to get the Chinese Government just to sit down with the Dalai Lama, just to try to come to terms with him with respect to cultural and economic preservation of Tibetans within Tibet. So far, I have not been successful. I don't expect to stop trying.  But during the 6-year period, what I have noticed has been interesting within the rest of China. What I have noticed is a growth in the rule of law. What I have noticed is that the Chinese are now eager to modernize their commercial codes, their criminal codes. The next step needs to be an independent judiciary; by this, I mean independent from party control, a judiciary that is paid well, that is seen to be independent. Qiao Shi, head of the National People's Congress, proposed a limitation of administrative detention today in China--picking up an individual, and holding them in custody cannot be done for more than 30 days. That is a step forward.  China has lived for 5,000 years under the rule of man; the rule of law is going to take some time. I commend the distinguished Senator for his commitment to this issue. If he had visited China in the late sixties or the early seventies, when Richard Nixon went to China and negotiated the Shanghai communique in 1972, it was a very much more constricted China. No one would have talked to the distinguished Senator. Everybody dressed alike. Everybody marched to the sound of the same drummer. The red books of the Cultural Revolution were still evident on the streets. The music still blared every morning. The controls were evident.  It is a very different China today. None of that is true today. People will talk. They will say what they think. There is a freer lifestyle. There is an improved standard of living. I believe that if you have an economic democracy, a social democracy will follow one day, just as sure as the sun comes up every morning, because the more people see the economic marketplace, the freedom that trade gives them, the increased educational levels, the benefit it produces, they then enter into the dialog and they learn about other cultures.  So I believe that from the days of the 1960's, of the Cultural Revolution and its aftermath, really lasting up to 1979, 1980, in the ensuing 17 years after 1980, there have been major changes within China. What we need to do is engage China, send working teams over on a regular basis, sit down with Chinese leaders, enable them to understand how our Government works and what our concerns are and what our national interests are and, I think, bring China into the mainstream of world leadership, not isolate it. Nothing sends a message of isolationism and containment for China more strongly than denying normal trading relations.  Mr. President, I believe this amendment should be defeated. It will not bring about a positive result for the ends that both the distinguished Senator and I would like to see.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  