 President, this bill, with no hearing, no due diligence, no consultation with the ninth circuit--any of its judges, attorneys, bar associations within the circuit--splits the circuit, and I would like to show you how it splits the circuit. It creates a twelfth circuit which would comprise Washington, Arizona, Alaska, Oregon, Hawaii, Idaho, and Montana. If you look at the map--separate and distinct, alone--separated from the rest, would be the State of Arizona. The proposal would leave in the ninth circuit only two States--the States of California and Nevada--along with the territories of Guam and the Marianas.  Now, what is wrong with that? First of all, the way in which it is done, which I will address in detail. But second, it creates two unequal circuits. The ninth circuit and Nevada would have close to 35 million people and the twelfth circuit would have 16 million people. But look at the proposed distribution of the judges. It would distribute 15 judges to the ninth circuit and 13 judges to the remainder--an unequal, unfair distribution of judges.  Here is what the effect would be. In the ninth circuit, you would have 363 cases per judge. In the new twelfth circuit, each judge would have just 239 cases. So the judges of the ninth circuit would immediately have caseloads 52 percent higher than the judges of the twelfth circuit.  Mr. President, the real point is that there is already a resolution to this issue. It was passed by the Senate last session, and it has already passed the House. The resolution is legislation that calls for a study of all of the circuits, with special emphasis on the ninth circuit.  The substitute amendment that I am offering today to form a study commission passed the House of Representatives unanimously in June. This bill is identical to the House-passed bill. The study commission represents, I believe, the only principled approach to dealing with an issue as important and far-reaching as the structure of the U.S. courts of appeals.  If I may, Mr. President, there has never been a division of a circuit court without careful study and without the support of the judges and the lawyers within the circuit who represent the public they serve. There has never been a division of any circuit in this manner--arbitrary, political, and gerrymandered. As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I am deeply concerned that the legislation to split the ninth circuit has been included in this appropriations bill with no hearing, no study, no due diligence as to its impact. Section 305 of the bill contains language for this split. It is a misuse, in my view, of the appropriations process.  Yesterday, Representative Henry Hyde, the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, wrote a strongly worded letter, which was circulated broadly. I would like to quote from it.       I understand that this week the Senate is expected to      consider S. 1022, the Commerce-Justice-State-Judiciary      appropriations bill. Included in the bill is a major piece of      substantive legislation, the ``Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals      Reorganization Act of 1997.'' This provision of the bill      (section 305) would amend Title 28 of the United States Code      by dividing the existing Ninth Circuit into two circuits. As      you well know, altering the structure of the federal judicial      system is a serious matter. It is something that Congress      does rarely, and only after careful consideration.       It is anticipated that an amendment will be offered to      replace the circuit division rider with legislation to create      a commission--  That is what I am trying to do at this time--     to study the courts of appeals and report recommendations on      possible change. This legislation, H.R. 908, has already      passed the House unanimously on a voice vote on June 3, 1997.      A similar bill, S. 956, was passed unanimously by the Senate      in the 104th Congress. This is a far superior way of dealing      with the problems of caseload growth in the Ninth Circuit and      other courts of appeals. I urge your support for the      amendment.       Sincerely, Henry Hyde, Chairman.  So the House is on record supporting a study. The chairman of the Judiciary Committee of the House writes this letter, and yet this split is in the bill. The administration has issued a strong statement to the Senate Appropriations Committee indicating its support for a study commission and its opposition to the inclusion of such far-reaching legislation in an appropriations bill.  Mr. President, I hope the President will veto this bill if it should contain an arbitrary split of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals--a split done politically, as a form of gerrymandering.  In a letter dated July 11, Gov. Pete Wilson reiterated his support for the commission study and stated that the present effort to split the circuit involves judicial gerrymandering, apparently designed, and I quote, ``to cordon off some judges in one circuit while keeping others in another because of concerns, whether perceived or real, over particular judges' perspectives or judicial philosophy.''  Less than 2 weeks ago, when Governor Wilson wrote this letter, there was a proposal that would have divided the ninth circuit into three circuits and split California in half. Then there was another proposal that would have left California and Hawaii in a two-State circuit, the first time in history that a Federal judicial circuit would have consisted of fewer than three States.  In a matter of hours, an amendment was made to the bill, and we have the latest proposal which keeps California whole, teams it with Nevada, isolating a geographical neighbor, Arizona, and placing Arizona with Oregon, Washington, Hawaii, Idaho, Alaska, and Montana. Mr. President, I respectfully submit this is not the way to do the people's legal business. This is not the way to restructure the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.  Let me offer some history. I authored the first proposal to create a commission on structural alternatives for the Federal courts of appeal in the 104th Congress during a markup session in the Senate Judiciary Committee on December 8, 1985. If that had been passed, the job would have been done by now. The Senate ultimately passed legislation to create a study commission during that Congress on March 20.  As noted above, in the present Congress, a commission bill identical to the one I am offering today unanimously passed the House. So both Houses of Congress have spoken on this issue and both Houses of Congress have said if the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals should be split, no due diligence, consult the judges, consult the attorneys who practice before it, look at the precedents, see that there is study, thought and consideration to what would be the best split. None of this has been done. In a matter of a week, four separate proposals have been put forward and changed with no opportunity for anyone who practices law in the ninth circuit, the huge ninth circuit, to indicate what the impact of those proposals might be.  The House-passed bill was modeled on a proposal I introduced with Senator Reid on January 30, 1997. The House Judiciary Subcommittee Chairman Coble and Chairman Hyde moved the bill with the support and cosponsorship of Representative Berman. The current H.R. 908 represents a compromise that was worked out in the House and endorsed by every House Republican and Democrat.  I should note that the House-passed bill is very similar to a compromise on a study commission that Senator Burns and I reached together just a few months ago. This all began with Senator Burns. I understand his concerns. He has legitimate interests, legitimate thoughts, and I appreciate them. The last I had heard was Senator Burns signed off on the study commission. So you can imagine the surprise when I heard. My goodness, this is on an appropriations bill. And Members of this body have taken it on themselves to arbitrarily just decide, willy-nilly, how the ninth circuit should be split.  The House-passed commission study is fully bipartisan, a 10-member commission. The commission would operate for 18 months, at which time it would make recommendations to Congress for any changes in circuit structure or alignment.  I don't think we should subject something as important as the structure of our courts to political gamesmanship, and that is just what this is. The study called for in H.R. 908 is a responsible method of evaluating the current situation and making recommendations that can provide a sound foundation for Congressional action in the future.  A study is needed to determine whether this or any proposed circuit division would be likely to improve the administration of justice in the region. That is the fundamental question: Would a split improve the administration of justice, and, if so, what should that split be? Even among those who believe that some kind of split should occur, there is no consensus as to where any circuit boundary lines might be redrawn.  During the 105th Congress, proponents of a circuit split put forward these four proposals. One would have split the north from the southernmost States of the circuit. The second would have chopped the existing circuit into three separate circuits and split California in half. The third would have created a narrow stringbean circuit. That was the same proposal that failed to pass the Senate during the 104th Congress.  The current proposal, which represents at least the fourth proposal in the 105th Congress, is a modification of the stringbean circuit. Again, no due diligence, no hearings, no study, no testimony--nothing.  As I noted before, the proposal isolates Arizona. It combines Nevada. It separates coastal States that have common maritime law. And that is why I say it is gerrymandering. I say if it looks like a gerrymander, talks like a gerrymander, it probably is a gerrymander.  Let's talk about the costs inherent in what is happening here today. If this bill passes and should go into law, splitting the circuit will require duplicative offices of clerk of the court, circuit executive, staff attorneys, settlement attorneys and library as well as courtrooms, mail and computer facilities. According to the ninth circuit executive office, neither Phoenix nor Seattle currently have facilities capable of housing a court of appeals headquarters operation.  As part of the review of last year's similar proposal to split the circuit, the GSA estimated that it would cost a minimum of $23 million to construct new facilities for a headquarters in Phoenix, and I would be very surprised if it was as little as $23 million. Based on GSA costs, the ninth circuit executive has estimated that building and renovation costs for creating or upgrading new headquarters in Seattle and Phoenix would amount to at least $56 million. Additional combined outlay of another $6 million in startup costs would be needed to outfit both Phoenix and Seattle.  The CBO last year estimated the cost of duplicative staff positions at $1 million annually. The new proposal calls for two coequal clerks of the court in the twelfth circuit. Assuming each clerk would have the customary deputy clerk and staff attorney, an additional $300,000 in salaries would be added to the total. So the new twelfth circuit would cost an additional $1.3 million annually for duplicate salaries, and minimum of $25 million in Phoenix and an additional amount for Seattle. It is estimated the cost would run in the neighborhood of $60 million.  This wouldn't be so bad if there just hadn't been approved and spent $140 million to rehabilitate and seismically equip the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in the city of San Francisco and Pasadena--$140 million has just been spent. I just visited the San Francisco ninth circuit. It compares with the U.S. Capitol. There is a brand-new library already built in, magnificent chambers, one library that is solid redwood, marble that is incredible, lighting fixtures that go back well over 100 years. It is an amazing and beautiful building.  Under the configuration of States proposed for the new twelfth circuit, the circuit executive estimates that upward of 50 percent of the space recently renovated in San Francisco and Pasadena at a cost of $140 million would no longer be needed. The space was specifically designed to meet the business needs of the court of appeals. The executive office estimates, ``It would cost many tens of millions of dollars to modify the space to make it usable by tenants other than the court of appeals.''  Let me talk for a minute about the real risk of an impetuous political and gerrymandered split of the ninth circuit.  Forum shopping: Organizations and entities whose activities cut across State lines, and those who sue them, would be able to forum shop to take advantage of favorable precedents or to avoid those that are unfavorable. And I suspect, frankly speaking, that this is just what is behind this split. Thus, an additional burden would be placed on the U.S. Supreme Court to resolve conflicts that are now handled internally within the circuit.  Here are some examples provided by the ninth circuit of how dividing it could invite forum shopping: water disputes concerning the Colorado River, which affect California, Nevada, and Arizona; commercial disputes between large contractors like Boeing and McDonald--perhaps that is resolved now--or Microsoft and Intel; different legal precedents affecting the shipping industry along the coastline of the continental United States and Hawaii.  Think of the complications created if different commercial and maritime rules governed the Port of Los Angeles and the Port of Tacoma and Hawaii. The ninth circuit includes a vast expanse of coastal area, all subject to the same Federal law on cargo loading, on seaman's wages, on personal injury, and maritime employment. Vessels plying the coast stop frequently at ports in California, Washington, Alaska, Hawaii and the Pacific territories. If the circuit were to be divided, seamen would have an incentive to forum shop among port districts in order to predetermine the most sympathetic court of appeals to hear the case.  In the commercial law area, all of the States in the circuit have considerable economic relations with California because of its large and diverse population. In a recent case, Vizcaino v. Microsoft, the ninth circuit decided to hear a case en banc concerning whether Microsoft contractors were entitled to the same ERISA benefits and stock options as were regular employees. Microsoft is a large corporation with primary offices in Washington but significant business operations in California. If the ninth circuit were split, Microsoft or its employees might choose to bring a lawsuit in either the ninth or twelfth circuit, in hopes of finding a more sympathetic court.  The judges and lawyers of the ninth circuit overwhelmingly oppose what is happening in this bill. Let me repeat that. The lawyers and judges in all of the ninth circuit States overwhelmingly oppose what is happening in this State, Justice, Commerce appropriations bill.  On four occasions, the Federal judges in the ninth circuit and the practicing lawyers in the ninth circuit judicial conference have voted their opposition to splitting the circuit. The official bar organizations of Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana and Nevada, and the National Federal Bar Association, all have taken positions against circuit division. No State bar organization in the circuit has taken a position in favor of circuit division or what is happening in this bill.  Candidly speaking, this is a political decision of Senators of the Appropriations Committee to affect the legal business of 50 million people in the United States with an arbitrary split, gerrymandered, of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Candidly speaking,also, the ninth circuit is large. California alone is predicted to be 50 million people by the year 2025.  Whether the circuit should be split or not, I can't say. I strongly believe it is a decision that should not be made, however, either politically or in a cavalier fashion. The decision should not be made without study, without hearing, without comment from those lawyers and judges whose clients are affected by it.  If--and I say if--the circuit is eventually split, it should be the product of diligence, of study, of hearing, of commentary. It should be part of an analysis of how the circuit courts are functioning in the United States. There may well be a better split involving other States. I don't know, and I would hazard a guess that no one in this Chamber knows that either.  But this does mean a careful study of population should be undertaken. It means an even distribution of caseload by judge, not a rammed-through circuit split that has a 52 percent higher caseload for judges in this new ninth circuit than in the twelfth circuit. On its face, it is patently unfair. Anybody who looks at any split that says you split it so that one set of judges has double the number of cases than the other--that doesn't meet a simple test of fairness.  There should be a careful study of precedents, of commercial law, of maritime law, of the other aspects of precedents. California now has the largest consumer market in the United States in Los Angeles; the third largest in the San Francisco Bay area. It is a huge consumer market, and it is going to be bigger with all kinds of intercommunication among these States.  There should be a study of costs. I pointed out the duplication of staff, I pointed out the need for two new courthouses when two already have been refurbished at a cost of $140 million for the taxpayers. All of this is being done without any study, any hearing, any commentary. It is not something of which this great body can be proud.  I notice that the distinguished Senator from Nevada is here, and if I might ask him, I believe he would like 10 minutes? I will be happy to yield to him.  