 President, the Finance Committee recently approved fast-track authority for the President. I thought I might come to the floor and express some of my very serious concerns about this proposal.  Let me begin by saying to those who would paint every Member of Congress who has a problem with the fast track proposal with some broad brush calling us protectionists or xenophobic. I, for one, am not.  Trade is very important to my State. California is the seventh largest economy on Earth, and we produce 20 percent of the Nation's exports. Exports are one of the largest growing economic sectors in my State. More than 1 million jobs in California are directly related to trade, and that number is growing. So I see free and fair trade as an integral part of California's economic future, and it is my responsibility as a U.S. Senator representing that State to see that the concerns and issues and industries of my State are protected in agreements, or at least as nearly as I can do so.  As I see it, America already has the most open markets in the world, but the problem is that this openness isn't reciprocated by many of our trading partners, and that brings us to the present situation.  Article I, section 8 of the Constitution gives Members of this body constitutional responsibility for matters of trade and the economy. Fast track is essentially a surrendering, an abrogation, of those constitutional responsibilities provided to this body by the Constitution of the United States. I, for one, see no reason why we should surrender that.  Essentially, fast track is simply the ability of the administration to negotiate a trade agreement, then bring it quickly to the Congress, get it ratified within a specific period of time, without congressional opportunity to amend it in any way, shape, or form.  The administration claims that fast track authority is needed to keep our economy growing strong, to allow our companies to compete with those of the European Union and Japan in growing markets such as South America and the Pacific Rim and to maintain America's symbolic commitment to free trade by letting the President negotiate agreements without fear that Congress is going to mettle in any of the details.  In my view, that argument flies in the face of reality. Since President Clinton has taken office, 220 trade agreements have been negotiated with foreign nations. Only two of those required fast track.  In recent years, U.S. exports have been the strength of the economy. U.S. exports increased 50 percent since 1991 without fast track. Today, exports are 30 percent higher than in 1993.  According to trade data released by the International Monetary Fund, United States exports to Brazil, South America's richest market, grew 56 percent from 1994 to 1995. During that same period, the European Union's exports to Brazil grew only 8 percent, while Japan's exports grew only 18 percent. This growth in U.S. exports has occurred without fast track authority. As a recent Wall Street Journal article citing the IMF data, pointed out, U.S. exporters hardly seem handicapped without fast track.  So arguments that the United States cannot negotiate trade agreements without fast track I think are specious. Further, to argue that without fast track the United States risks losing the jobs that come with robust trade begs the question of how previous fast-track agreements have fared in this regard.  Once again, I did not vote for NAFTA, but NAFTA was my first experience with fast track. Once spurned, hopefully twice learned. Under NAFTA, the United States $1.7 billion trade surplus with Mexico in 1993 became arecord trade deficit of $16.3 billion by 1996. The balance of trade has gone exactly the wrong way.  Our balance of trade with Canada has also grown, more than doubling from $11 billion to $23 billion annually.  Let us look at GATT, another important trade agreement. The GATT agreement has contributed to the largest merchandise trade deficit in U.S. history. Today, it is at an all-time high of $165 billion.  I think these experiences combine to present an eloquent statement that says: Go slow. Fast track may well backfire. In the future it may not be as desirable as some claim.  If we look at the currency problems in certain southeast Asian countries, we can identify some of their trade strategies. I think what happens, as a result of some of the financial problems, is these countries push for more exports to our country and they close their markets to our products. This is a very real danger signal for the future. I think it indicates that as a nation we should go slow. We need to be very careful and deliberate in these negotiations.  The Commerce Department estimates that every $1 billion in exports equals between 14,000 and 15,000 jobs. Based on that calculation alone, the United States has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs as a result of these trade deficits. The administration claims a modest increase in U.S. net exports as a result of NAFTA, but the jury is still out.  These mounting trade deficits should be a loud and clear message that America should negotiate better trade deals, rather than give up congressional responsibility through fast track.  The bottom line is that Members of Congress are being asked to forfeit our ability to offer amendments to any trade agreement with no guarantee that the major industries of our States will not be disadvantaged by those agreements. Under fast track, Congress is left with no recourse except to vote against the whole agreement.  The President tried to address some of these concerns in the proposal he sent to Congress. But the goals and objectives of the President's fast track proposal are still just that--goals and objectives. Previous fast track agreements have demonstrated why this is just not good enough.  For me, a Californian, NAFTA was a big case in point:  NAFTA had an immediate negative impact on the California wine industry. The California wine industry produces 90 percent of our Nation's wine and 90 percent of the wine exported by the United States.  Coincident with NAFTA, Mexico gave Chilean wines an immediate tariff reduction from 20 percent to 8 percent and a guarantee of duty-free status within a year. By contrast, United States wines face a 10-year phaseout of a much higher Mexican tariff, leaving U.S. wines at a significant disadvantage in the Mexican market. It is actually a wipeout of our market share of wine in Mexico.  The result of this tariff inequity was predictable. Exports of all U.S. wines to Mexico have dropped by one-third since NAFTA went into effect, while Chilean wine exports to Mexico have nearly doubled. The size of the Chilean gains virtually match the size of U.S. losses. Chilean wine picked up the market share lost by the U.S. wineries, dominated by California.  During the NAFTA debate in Congress, the administration pledged to correct these tariff inequities within 120 days of NAFTA's approval. Let me quote from a letter to Members of Congress from then U.S. Trade Representative Mickey Kantor dated November 8, 1993:       Pursuant to your request, you have my personal commitment      that, within 120 days of the coming into force of NAFTA, I      will personally negotiate the immediate reduction of Mexican      tariffs on US wines to the level of Mexican tariffs on      Chilean wines and, thereafter, have them fall parallel with      future reductions in such tariffs.  I personally talked with Mr. Kantor at least three or four times on this issue. I also talked with the President, as well as others in the White House. This was a glaring discrepancy, and the whole administration made a commitment to correct the discrepancy.  You would think that at least by today, 3 years later, the tariffs would be parallel. But 3\1/2\ years later, these inequities remain enshrined in the agreement. As a matter of fact, as the result of an unrelated trade dispute, Mexico actually raised tariffs on United States wine back up to pre-NAFTA levels of 20 percent, increasing the tariff from the 14 percent it had reached under NAFTA. Rather than drop to zero within 10 years, the tariff is now 20 percent, a wipeout for an American market share.  Another product of fast track, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, known as GATT, also contained monumental inequities that seriously disadvantaged California's wine industry. Prior to the Uruguay round of GATT, major wine competitors had wine tariffs that were almost four times the United States tariff on an ad valorem basis.  But, even though the United States had the lowest tariffs of any major wine producer, United States negotiators agreed in the Uruguay round to drop United States tariffs by 36 percent over 6 years, while the world's largest wine producer, the EU, dropped its tariffs by 10 percent. As a result, the current U.S. tariff on all wine products is an average of 2.4 percent. That is far lower than the EU's current average tariff of 13 percent.  