 President, I rise today to weigh in on the provisions included in the VA-HUD conference report regarding the health care needs of Northern California's veterans. The conference report provides a total of $70.8 million for renovations to the existing McClellan Air Force Hospital at Mather Air Force Base in Sacramento, as well as for outpatient clinics in Fairfield, Mare Island, Martinez, Auburn, Chico, Eureka, and Merced. While I applaud this much-needed expansion of services in Northern California, I remain deeply disappointed by Congress' decision not to build a veterans hospital at Travis Air Force Base.  Since 1991, veterans in Northern California have been waiting for a new hospital to replace the Martinez hospital, which was closed for seismic reasons. I made a commitment with Vice President Gore to help bring a full veterans hospital to Fairfield, and I have been fighting for 4 years to get this project fully funded. Two previous Congresses appropriated funding to construct the Travis VA Hospital.  Now, unfortunately, we are turning our back on that commitment. It is truly a sad day when the men and women who have served our country without question--and who have the right to expect their government to fulfill its promises--are simply told ``tough luck.''  The fact is that a clear majority in Congress oppose the hospital's construction. This opposition has only grown stronger after two independent reports--one by the General Accounting Office and one by Price Waterhouse--concluded that the Travis VA hospital was not justified. Key Committee chairmen in both the House and Senate have made it clear that Congress will provide no Federal funds for a replacement hospital at Travis.  The VA-HUD conference report does appropriate $70.8 million for veterans' health care needs in Northern California, including:  A sharing agreement between VA and the Department of Defense for 100 VA beds at David Grant Medical Center at Travis. These beds will be serviced by VA doctors.  A new $13.5 million VA clinic, to be built adjacent to David Grant Medical Center. This clinic will include emergency room facilities, ambulatory surgery, mental health, some specialty services, and offices for doctors.  Conversion of McClellan Hospital at Mather Air Force Base to a VA Hospital. This will provide 55 new VA beds.  Upgrades to the VA outpatient clinics at Mare Island and Martinez.  New outpatient clinics in Auburn, Chico, Eureka and Merced.  Contracts with community hospitals in Martinez and Redding.  While this plan does not fulfill the promise that the VA made to Solano County veterans and does not establish the hospital that veterans groups like Operation VA fought so hard for so long to obtain, when examined in light of the position of current congressional leaders, it does provide health care for many veterans who presently cannot access the VA system. The new outpatient clinics and additional hospital beds will make it far easier for veterans in Northern California to benefit from the VA health system. For the first time, vets living along the North Coast and in the Sierra will have real and meaningful access to the VA. They will not have to drive for 4 hours or more for basic care. Their visits to the five new VA outpatient clinics will undoubtedly result in higher utilization of the VA inpatient facilities at Travis and Mather Air Force Bases.  I know that the people of Solano County have a lot of unanswered questions about the VA proposal, and I pledge that I will work with them to make sure that VA offers the high quality and accessibility of care that our veterans deserve. I am sure that groups like Operation VA will continue to fight for improved veterans health care in Northern California, and I am proud to join in that fight.  