 President, I appreciate the concerns of my colleagues on this issue. I think we all agree that there are few more important foreign policy issues facing the United States then ensuring that the Bosnian peace process succeeds.  I am pleased with the effort has been made by Senators on both sides of this issue to see that we did not need to vote on a cut-off of funds for our ground forces in Bosnia.  However, it is precisely because I want to see the peace process succeed that I feel that I must nevertheless voice my concerns about this amendment.  It is my belief that our presence in Bosnia must be one without any preconditions as to time. We must stay long enough to make sure that the job we started gets done, and gets done right.  Any effort to set a date to cut off funds, as Senator Feingold proposed in his amendment, or which suggests a firm date for the withdrawal of all U.S. ground combat troops, as Senator Levin's second degree amendment to Senator Feingold's amendment does, telegraphs U.S. policy to those who would oppose us, and to those who oppose the implementation of the Dayton Accords.  I do not think that there is a single Member of this Chamber that does not wish that 1 year had been sufficient time for the Dayton Accords to be implemented, and that U.S. troops were not still needed in the Balkans.  But the simple fact of the matter is that there are aspects of the Dayton Accords which have not yet been fully implemented--aspects which require a little more time if they are going to have a chance to take root.  Earlier this year voter registration began for the municipal elections scheduled for Bosnia this September. True, I wish that conditions existed to hold these elections last year when they were originally planned. But those conditions did not exist then; they do now.  What sort of signal will we send to those who support peace and democracy in Bosnia if, even as they are preparing for municipal elections, we are telling them that the troops who safeguard the peace process and democracy are on the way out?  Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic and his Party of Democratic Action have formed a coalition with a number of opposition parties to seek broad-minded support in the municipal elections. This amendment will cut his legs out from under him, and give strength to those who would like to see Bosnia destroyed.  This fall Serbia will hold a presidential election. It will be a difficult campaign for Milosevic's opponents, but not an impossible one. That Milosevic's grip on power might be lessened would have been inconceivable a year ago. It is not inconceivable now.  But setting a date for cutting off funds for U.S. forces or for the withdrawal of all U.S. ground combat troops without giving the President flexibility will all but guarantee Milosevic's re-election.  I do not believe that supporters of this amendment intend it as a boost to Milosevic's campaign, but that is exactly what it will do.  Right now in the Republika Srpska there is a power struggle going on between President Plavsic and pro-Karadzic hardliners based in Pale.  How this struggle will play out, and whether the more moderate supporters of President Plavsic can retain control, or whether the pro-Karadzic forces will seize control of the Republic Srpska has profound implications for the future of peace and stability in the Balkans.  The pro-Karadzic forces, the Pale hardliners, the war criminals, have adopted a wait it out strategy. They think that the United States will be withdrawing next year without any follow-on force to SFOR. If they just bide their time, they believe, come next summer they will be able to overturn Dayton and destroy any hope for Bosnia.  This amendment will tell them that they have won.  I do not think that giving support to the Pale hardliners is the intent of the supporters of this amendment, but that is exactly what this amendment does.  It will tell them that they are right; all they have to do is wait, and that the United States will leave without fully implementing Dayton, without following through on our commitment to create a secure and stable Bosnia.  After we have done so much we cannot abandon Bosnia now.  It is true there are still unsettled issues with refugees, with reconstruction, and with indicted war criminals in the former Yugoslavia. And again, I would not argue that we did not want or hope that these matters would have been taken care of by now.  But having said that, setting a date for a troop pullout will not help us to resettle refugees, to speed economic reconstruction, or to apprehend indicted war criminals.  Instead, it will send a message to refugees that they cannot hope to be safely resettled; to those trying to rebuild their businesses that they should not bother; and to war criminals that they only have to remain in hiding a little bit longer, and then they will be free to commit their ghastly crimes once again.  The continued presence of U.S. forces is critical in keeping the peace process on track. And the fact of the matter is that the United States-led peacekeeping force is the glue that holds peace process in the former Yugoslavia together.  Those who suggest we set a date certain for a troop pullout argue that we have already spent a lot of money pursuing peace in the Balkans, and that to continue to stay will cost us even more.  But to set a date to pull out now will all but guarantee that the peace process will break down, and that all thatwe have invested in Bosnia in the past year and a half will be wasted.  Establishing a date certain for a United States pullout will set in motion a clock whereby the forces of nationalism and ethnic hatred in the former Yugoslavia will begin to plan for renewed war.  And, if war breaks out again in the Balkans and spreads elsewhere in the region, it will be far more costly for the U.S. to have to intervene once again than if we retain the flexibility to maintain our presence.  Those who suggest we need to set a date for a United States pullout from Bosnia also argue that without this clear end-date there is danger of mission creep, and of Bosnia becoming a quagmire.  Just the opposite. Anyone who has paid attention to what has happened with the NATO peacekeeping force in Bosnia for the past year and a half can only come to one conclusion: SFOR has a clear mandate. There has been no mission creep and there is not going to be any mission creep.  In fact, concern for the safety of our troops would dictate that we allow the military to continue with planning based on their current mission and deployment, and to pull out on a schedule dictated by the military facts on the ground without having the Senate dangerously compromise their position by telegraphing our plans and intentions.  In addition, this abrupt U.S. departure will almost certainly doom any effort to create some follow-on force or mechanism to insure the peace process continues. Again, I wish it were not the case. I wish that our European allies would act in a more decisive way without United States having to take the lead--but we are dealing with reality here.  I fully support the spirit of Senator Levin's amendment: I too believe that Europe should take greater responsibility for Europe, and that a SFOR follow-on force led by Europe in the context of the European Security and Defense Identity should be the next phase of peacekeeping in Bosnia.  But if the United States precipitously pulls out of Bosnia our European NATO allies may be unable to lead a follow-on force. What if United States ground combat troops are required in Bosnia until August 1, 1998, or even December 1, 1998, to effect a smooth, safe, transition?  Indeed, under the dynamic set in motion by this amendment, if Europe wanted to lead such a follow-on mission in Bosnia with United States support it would be reasonable of them to question whether or not we would be there to support them.  Do we really want to set a precedent here of giving our friends and allies reason to question whether the United States will be there to support them when they need our assistance? To send that sort of message would have tremendous implications--and none of them good--for U.S. interests throughout the globe.  It is my hope, and I think that of many of my colleagues, that a European-led follow-on force to SFOR will take the lead in maintaining the peace in Bosnia come next June. But that follow-on force may require some United States military support and assistance, on the ground, in Bosnia.  This amendment, by preventing the United States from supporting our European allies, will destroy any chance that such a European-led force could come into being.  Both the President and the Secretary of Defense have suggested that United States forces will be able to pull out of Bosnia by June 30, 1998. There is no reason to doubt their word or intention.  But, as my colleagues surely know, the unexpected may occur. There may be good reason to keep some or even a substantial United States force in Bosnia past next June. Or, there may be reason to pull our forces out sooner. The bottom line here is that we cannot and should not put our military in a disadvantageous position by setting a date certain for a pull out.  It is my belief that if we continue to work the peace process, and give the President the discretion that, as Commander in Chief, he deserves, by the time United States forces prepare to leave Bosnia and Herzegovina, the peace process will have been given sufficient time to develop deep, sustainable, roots.  To adopt this amendment will risk killing the peace process and all but condemns Bosnia to further bloodshed.  Again, I would like to extend my appreciation to my colleagues on all sides of this issue who have worked hard to find a compromise. Nevertheless, I feel that I must I oppose this amendment and would urge my colleagues to oppose it as well.  