S. Navy as to what the cost savings actually will be from the closures of the Navy bases in the State of California. Not a single figure. They will not give us estimates. And yet we are going to run ahead, pass another round and begin this same procedure again. It doesn't make any sense.  Let me quote what the BRAC 1995 commission itself recommended:       . . . the Commission recommends that the Congress authorize      another Base Closure Commission for the year 2001 . . .      [giving] military services time to complete the current      closures in an orderly fashion--  Which has not happened, I might allude to--     while ensuring that the Defense Department has the      opportunity in the future to make further reductions . . .  In addition to these new BRAC rounds beginning too quickly, and contrary to what DOD and supporters of this amendment claim, the base reuse process has been cumbersome and has been fraught with bureaucratic nightmares.  Secretary Cohen's letter of June 24 says that the DOD has assigned ``transition coordinators'' to each base to solve closure problems and to speed the process. Well, let me say, as one Senator from California, this approach has not worked well. I have had to intervene with DOD for communities in my State numerous times to fight for a community's needs in just this past year alone.  Let me speak for a moment about environmental costs. I think every Member of this body knows that the costs of environmental remediation are grossly underestimated, grossly underbudgeted. DOD claims it is ``empowering communities'' by speeding base cleanup, and I would like to give you the results in California of what is termed ``speedy base cleanup.''  Environmental remediation--that is just remediation--is in place at only 29 percent of the Army BRAC sites; 14 percent of the Navy BRAC sites; and 18 percent of the Air Force BRAC sites in my State. Environmental remediation has not been completed at a single base closed in any of the four rounds in the State of California.  This issue is important, because without clean property, transfers by deed cannot occur and individuals cannot get financing. Therefore, if they don't have the bases cleaned up, they can't be effectively and fully put to use.  Let me take the four California instances that the Secretary of Defense raises in his letter. First, Castle Air Force Base. That is in California's Central Valley. It was closed by BRAC in 1991. To date, there have been 262 separate sites at this base identified for cleanup; 65 of these sites have not yet even been evaluated to determine what contaminants are in the soil or water; and none of the sites--none of the sites--on this base, held out as a model, have remediation efforts currently in place.  Second base: Mather Air Force Base in Sacramento was closed by BRAC in 1988. To date, there have been 87 sites identified for cleanup; 15 have not yet been evaluated to determine what contaminants are in the soil or the water; and only 39 of the sites, or 44 percent, have remediation efforts in place. So 55 percent of the sites haven't even begun to be worked on yet.  Another of these sterling examples, Norton Air Force Base in southern California, closed by BRAC in 1988. To date, 25 sites have been identified for cleanup; 6 have not yet been evaluated to determine what contaminants are in the soil or water; and only 10 of the sites, or 40 percent, have remediation efforts in place.  None of the environmental cleanup has been completed at any of the bases anywhere in California. These were bases, Mather and Norton, that were closed nearly 10 years ago, and yet they are not close to being clean. No transfer by deed have yet occurred at Norton and a very limited number of these transfers by deed have occurred at Mather.  Alameda Naval Air Station and Naval Aviation Depot was closed by BRAC in 1993. One of the real problems I had when this was closed was that Alameda had 7,600 units of housing that were going to be vacated. The fleet, the nuclear carriers were to be moved to Everett and San Diego. Everett had no housing for the wings. Housing had to be built. MilCon was not included in the cost of closing that base.  To date at Alameda, there have been 30 sites identified for cleanup. Only one of these sites has not yet been evaluated to determine what contaminants are in the soil or water. But none of the sites have remediation in place. So at Alameda, they have done some identification; they have done no remediation.  Sacramento Army Depot was closed by BRAC in 1991, and this is probably California's most successful reuse site to date. They have 16 sites identified for cleanup. All cleanup sites have been evaluated, and 12 sites, or 75 percent, have remediation efforts in place.  It should also be pointed out, there is no deadline for the completion of environmental cleanup at BRAC sites. Let me, once again, make this point clear. Communities can't reuse a base when they don't know when it is going to be clean. The law has been liberalized to allow long-term, interim leases to be granted for dirty property, but these leases are limited in scope, and the potential buyer cannot obtain financing under these circumstances, and this has further delayed and deterred base reuse.  DOD has given communities estimates as to when their bases will be clean, but DOD will not guarantee these completion dates, and every year, environmental cleanup is underfunded and every year it is delayed even more.  The Air Force estimates that Castle Air Force Base should have environmental remediation in place by the year 2000 and that it should be complete by 2018. So the total base cannot be transferred into private reuse at Castle Air Force Base until the year 2018.  The Air Force estimates that Mather should have environmental remediation in place by 1999 and that this should be complete by the year 2027. So it will take to 2027 for the process to be completed and the base to be transferred.  The Air Force estimates that Norton Air Force Base should have environmental remediation in place by 1999, and that this should be complete by 2012. So, again, one has to wait for the base to be transferred.  DOD is also far behind on the transfer of base closure property, due in large part to environmental contamination. In my State, and this is the largest State, only 4 percent of the acreage--4 percent of 79,618 acres--have been transferred by deed to new owners.  So we are contemplating here a new BRAC closure round when only 4 percent of the land covered in California has been deeded to new owners. It does not make sense. If one is thinking about the communities and really means that reuse should work, how can you go ahead with a new round where you have 80,000 acres of land and only 4 percent of them at this stage have been deeded to a local entity?  Only 19 percent of these acres have been transferred by long-term lease, and a whopping 49 percent are still sitting there with no action on any kind of transfer having taken place.  So one-half of the acreage that has been closed in California has no plan for a transfer at this stage, and we are still contemplating a new round.  Many of these base closure communities are working hard to make the best of their misfortune and many are optimistic about the prospects of base reuse. But before we pile on these additional rounds, let us look candidly at some of the difficulties they are facing.  In Tustin, CA, the community is trying to reuse the Tustin Marine Corps Air Station. After 14 months of negotiations for an interim lease for one of the large blimp hangars and the loss of nine potential film tenants, a lease was approved by the city of Tustin and the Navy's Southwest Engineering Division. When the Pentagon subsequently rejected this lease, the prospective tenant, Walt Disney Productions, simply got fed up and left to lease space elsewhere.  So here you had a base with a prime potential tenant, and the bureaucratic nightmare that has ensued caused it to be rejected, and Disney walked off and went somewhere else. So that was the 10th one they lost.  At Norton Air Force Base, the Worldpointe Trade Center project that Secretary Cohen lauds in his June 24 letter will not happen due to a lack of financing. The community has regrouped, though, and now this project will be replaced by an industrial park that will take 5 years to build and yield only 40 percent of the jobs hoped for with the trade center development.  At Mather Air Force Base in Sacramento, the Air Force and Sacramento County have finally reached agreement on the sale of 1,200 housing units. It took four separate appraisals and 5 years of negotiations to finally reach the price of $4.25 million--the same price as the county's 1993 appraisal.  At George Air Force Base in southern California, it took 20 months to get a signed economic development conveyance. It was submitted by the community in February 1995 and finally signed in 1996.  Another EDC at Mare Island Naval Shipyard was submitted in January of 1996--of 1996--and a year and a half later is still pending. They are still waiting for a decision.  The city of Long Beach just completed a negotiated sale with the former Long Beach Naval Hospital. After 18 months of negotiations, the city will have to pay the Navy $8.6 million to buy back this 30-acre site that the city sold to the Navy in 1964 for 10 dollars. So they sold it to the Navy for 10 dollars and now they buy it back at $8.6 million. To make matters worse, the Navy required that the city provide the Navy with a letter of credit to secure two promissory notes to buy back the property. This cost the city of Long Beach an additional $50,000.  Finally, the goal of base closures was to save DOD money so that we could modernize our force. If anybody could come in here and say, look, the Navy has saved x dollars in California by closing bases, I would say, OK, now we know either it was cost efficient or it was not cost efficient and we have a sound basis on which to make another judgment.  But as I said before, the Navy will not give my office a single figure as to what cost savings can be anticipated from closure of major Navy bases in the State of California. Yet, we are going to go about another round today.  The GAO and the CBO both say that DOD's estimated savings cannot be quantified. GAO and CBO cannot quantify what the military says the savings estimates are.  DOD has not included the total cost of environmental cleanup in its net savings figures. By 2001, DOD claimsthat it will have saved nearly $14 billion from BRAC. To their credit, they did include the cost of environmental cleanup through 2001. That was $7.3 billion. But they did not include the cost of BRAC cleanup for these sites after 2001. In California alone this will cost another $1.56 billion.  So, in the costs that have been provided by the military to this body, with California alone it is $1.56 billion shy, short, lacking, not defined, not there; and yet we would go ahead with another round regardless of knowing what the true costs and true savings actually are.  Let us look at how much additional cleanup funding four of five California success stories will need past the year 2001.  Castle will require an additional $53.1 million.  Mather will require an additional $73.8 million.  Norton will require an additional $1.25 million.  Alameda Naval Air Station and Naval Aviation Depot will require an additional $73.4 million.  None of this is counted before we make the decision. And I am just giving you four bases here--not 29.  The true costs of BRAC should include all of these costs related to closure, not just those funded directly by the BRAC account. Until they do, frankly, I will not vote ever for another round. Just because these costs are funded from other Federal accounts does not mean that they are any less real.  So what is happening, Mr. President, is that they fund some of this from other accounts and they do not cost them in. So that way the military costs look less, but the Federal costs--it is all the same, it all comes from the same taxpayer, all goes into the same budget, but it is not counted here.  DOD's Office of Economic Adjustment grants to base closure communities for base reuse planning, $125 million. It is not counted here, not counted as a cost. It is a cost? Of course it is a cost.  The Department of Commerce, Economic Development Administration grants to base closure communities, $371 million. It is not counted here as a cost.  FAA grants to establish airports at closed bases, $182 million. It is not counted here.  It is like MilCon, except MilCon is in the defense budget. These are not in the defense budget. They are necessary, but not counted.  Department of Labor job retraining grants, $103 million. It is not counted in the cost of base closure.  So without at least a firm accounting of how much the first four rounds of BRAC cost and how much was saved, I cannot and I do not believe any Member of this body should support a new round.  We have moved too fast in closing these bases. We need to look at the bottom line. What are these closures costing, not only the Defense Department, but the FAA, the Department of Commerce, the Department of Labor in retraining grants, the Office of Economic Adjustment? What are the costs? And factor those costs in. What are the costs of MilCon for all of the rounds? Factor those costs in as well.  Later this afternoon it is my understanding that Senator Dorgan will be offering an amendment to propose a study to come up with just this very information. I think to proceed with another round until the study is done and until we have the specific information would really be a major, major mistake.  We need to look at operations and maintenance. We need to look at military construction, environmental cleanup costs, base reuse costs and economic redevelopment costs also funded by the Federal Government, unemployment compensation costs, military health care costs and force structure costs. All of this should be looked at, I believe, by an independent agency, figures ascertained on which responsible people can depend, and then another decision can be made on another day about another round.  I think this is ill-advised. It is too fast. And it will simply complicate one flawed procedure with another flawed round.  I thank the Chair and I yield the floor.  