 President, I rise today to express my support for the compromise reached on S. 610, the legislation to implement the Chemical Weapons Convention. I believe it is very much in our national interests to pass this implementation legislation just as we ratified the CWC.  Let me first express my respect and appreciation for the distinguished Ranking Member of the Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Biden and the distinguished ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Leahy. They and their staff have really done the heavy lifting in getting this implementing language to the floor.  I also want to express my respect for the opponents of this treaty, including the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and the Senator from Arizona, Senator Kyl. I have worked well with Senator Kyl on many issues, including, at the moment, our strong effort to pass a Crime Victims' Rights Amendment to the Constitution.  I know that in this debate these Senators are motivated by their genuine and deeply felt concern for America's national security. However, I must disagree with the view that we would be better off without this treaty, or by passing implementation language that renders the treaty meaningless.  Mr. President, the threat of chemical weapons falling into the hands of terrorists, or being used as a weapon of war by a rogue state, has increased dramatically in recent years.  One need only reflect on the dangers faced by our military by Iraq's incipient chemical weapons program during the gulf war, or the tragedies our nation has suffered with the bombing of the World Trade Center, the Federal building in Oklahoma City, and the Olympic Park in Atlanta, to fully appreciate the dangers posed by the proliferation of chemical weapons. In each of these cases, the tragedy and loss of life could have been magnified significantly had chemical weapons been used.  Chemical weapons are among the most barbaric of mankind's inventions. They are so awful, that the United States, by act of Congress, has decided to eliminate our own stocks of these weapons by 2004. They are designed to kill and incapacitate by causing such effects as skin blistering, blindness, lung damage, choking, nervous system disruption, paralysis, or oxygen starvation. Because of the ease of their dispersal over a wide area, chemical weapons are especially useful for targeting civilian populations.  The Chemical Weapons Convention is the most far-reaching attempt ever by the international community to control the spread of chemical weapons. It bans for the first time the development, production, and possession of chemical weapons and reinforces the international norm against their use. Since we are destroying our own chemical weapons, it only makes sense that we should want other nations to do so as well.  The convention requires all signatory states to declare and destroy any chemical weapons and the facilities used to produce them. It requires member states to submit annual reports on the production and use of certain sensitive chemicals. This information, combined with our own intelligence resources, will significantly improve our ability to monitor and prevent illegal transfers and uses of such chemicals.  Once the CWC takes effect, it will make it much harder and more costly for proliferators and terrorists to acquire chemical weapons. An intrusive verification system will be set up to detect violations. Sanctions will be imposed against nations that refuse toparticipate, making it more difficult for them to acquire precursor chemicals for poison gas and easier to monitor their efforts to do so.  The intelligence-sharing and global verification network that will result from this treaty will increase the chances that terrorist attacks involving chemical weapons can be prevented before they ever occur--a net gain in the security of our troops and our citizens.  We must start with the proposition that no arms control agreement is 100 percent verifiable. But with the CWC, we will know far more about who is trying to develop chemical weapons, where, and how than we would without the treaty. That is why the intelligence community has consistently testified that, while the treaty is not completely verifiable, they regard it as a highly desirable tool that will enhance our knowledge of chemical weapons programs and our ability to stop them.  The CWC's verification regime requires routine inspections of all declared facilities working with significant amounts of chemicals listed by the treaty. In addition, any site, declared or not, may be subject to short-notice challenge inspections if there are suspicions that it is being used to produce or store banned chemicals.  The CWC also establishes significant trade restrictions on precursor chemicals. These restrictions will make it more difficult for nations who are not parties to the treaty to acquire these chemicals, and will provide us with much more information than we currently have about who is seeking to import such chemicals, and in what amounts.  So the concern about verification, while valid, I believe has been more than adequately addressed. We must go into this treaty with our eyes open, aware that it will not detect every violation. But why would we deprive ourselves of the extremely useful tools and information this treaty would provide on the grounds that they are not fool-proof? It would be incredibly short-sighted to do so.  Another concern that has been raised involves the potential theft of commercial or trade secrets. Nothing in the CWC or its implementation language require the United States, or any U.S. company, to provide any confidential business information to any foreign party.  I am concerned about how this issue has been addressed in this implementation legislation. Under this bill, the American taxpayer must pay for the theft of confidential business information by foreign industrial spies.  I think the better course is for the injured business to first take reasonable steps to seek compensation from the spy who stole the information or from the foreign company which used the stolen information to gain a competitive advantage, before going after the U.S. Treasury. I am hopeful that this issue can be addressed in the conference on this legislation, and I appreciate the commitment of the Senator from Arizona to continue to work with me on this.  Mr. President, I think this debate really comes down to whether or not one supports international arms control agreements. Many of the criticisms of the CWC and implementation legislation were levied against all previous successful arms control treaties, such as the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, and the START Treaty.  Those who worry that the United States will weaken its vigilance in our efforts to guard against the threat of chemical weapons have actually done us a service. I believe the intensity of this debate has helped to ensure that we will never allow ourselves to believe that the treaty by itself is enough. We will follow the course that President Reagan did--a strong national defense and arms control agreements with verification.  The CWC is not a panacea, and none of its proponents believes it is. It will not by itself banish chemical weapons from the earth, but it would result in the destruction of much of the world's chemical weapons stocks, and provide us with a valuable set of tools that would significantly strengthen our ability to monitor and defend against the threat of chemical weapons.  I am very pleased that both sides of this debate were able to work together and come to what I feel is, overall, a good agreement. I urge my colleagues to vote for the CWC Implementation Legislation.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  