 President, because I think this is testimony that is crucial to a decision that will shortly be before the Senate. This is our No. 1 drug enforcement agency in the United States, and I think it is important that the testimony of the head of that agency be read by Members considering this issue.  Perhaps the most powerful of all cartels today is the Amado Carrillo-Fuentes organization, also known as the Juarez cartel. This organization operates out of Rancho Hacienda de la Natividad today, near Cuernavaca, Morelos, outside of Mexico City. It runs multi-ton quantities of Colombian cocaine toward Mexican distribution sites and then into the United States.  The organization runs these drug trafficking operations in Chihuahua, Mexico City, Mayarit, Nuevo Leon, Oaxaca, Sinaloa, Sonora, Jalisco, Baja, CA, Tamulipas, Veracruz, and Zacatecas, among others.  Despite the ``encouraging results and notable progress'' cited by the State Department, the Juarez cartel is today as strong as it has ever been. Worse, it is spreading its tentacles into the United States, and this concerns me deeply. One law enforcement official told me it controls a majority of the cocaine in Los Angeles.  Operations linked to the Amado Carrillo-Fuentes organization have today been identified in the Texas cities of El Paso, Houston, McAllen, Midland, Odessa and San Antonio, and in California's major cities such as Los Angeles, San Diego, Sacramento; also, in Nevada's major city, Las Vegas; Illinois' major city, Chicago; the major city in the State of New York, New York City; and Florida's major city, Miami.  Do we know who the leaders of this cartel are? Yes, we do, and so do theMexican authorities. Amado Carrillo-Fuentes heads the organization and controls the cocaine, marijuana and heroin transportation to the United States. His brother, Vincente Carrillo-Fuentes, is primarily responsible for the group's marijuana trafficking operation.  These men are considered by President Zedillo to be Mexico's primary national security threat. Amado Carrillo-Fuentes has been indicted in Florida and in Texas on heroin and cocaine charges. Yet, he has never been tried in Mexico, nor has an extradition request for crimes committed in the United States been honored.  Have the Mexican authorities taken any action whatsoever that has hampered the operations of the Amado Carrillo-Fuentes organization? The answer to date is no. In fact, there is ample evidence to show that the Carrillo-Fuentes organization has federal police and government officials on their payroll, including the former head of the counternarcotics effort in Mexico, General Gutierrez, who was arrested 3 weeks ago.  Just a few days ago, Mexico did try to arrest Mr. Carrillo-Fuentes. Let me read from the Los Angeles Times, dated Saturday, March 8:       In an apparently stepped-up search for alleged drug lord      Amado Carrillo Fuentes, more than 100 troops backed by light      tanks commandeered a luxury hotel in Guadalajara late      Thursday night. . . .       Carlton Hotel manager Carlos Hodria said Friday that about      150 soldiers arrived unannounced in trucks and tanks and that      the operation lasted about 40 minutes, jarring most of the      hotel's personnel and 296 guests. He quoted military officers      as saying they were ``searching for a person.''  Obviously, when you roll tanks up to a hotel, whomever you are looking for is going to know that and be long gone. To my knowledge, no arrests were made.  The other major cartel at work in Mexico is the Arellano-Felix organization, also known as the Tijuana cartel. This organization transports multiton quantities of cocaine and marijuana and large quantities of heroin and methamphetamine into the United States where it is distributed by agents employed by the cartel in this country.  The cartel has its base of operations in Tijuana, but it is active in Sinaloa, Jalisco, Michoacan, Chiapas, Baja California Norte and Baja California Sur. It is of particular concern to me because Southern California is the primary entry point of most of the drugs trafficked by this organization.  The Arellano-Felix organization has spread its influence deep inside American cities, often recruiting street gangs to do its distribution and enforcement work. Orders are given to these agents in U.S. cities directly from Tijuana through sophisticated telecommunications networks.  Do we know who the leaders of the Arellano-Felix organization are? Again, we do, and so do the Mexican authorities.  Alberto Benjamin Arellano-Felix is the leader of the organization and has overall responsibility for management of the cartel's drug-trafficking operations.  His brother, Ramon Eduardo Arellano-Felix, is responsible for the group's security operations, which include well-trained paramilitary-style forces who assassinate rivals and traitors.  Has any action been taken by the Mexican authorities to rein in the operations of the Arellano-Felix organization? Have there been any arrests of its senior leaders?  No, the State Department informs us. This cartel has ``yet to be effectively confronted.'' Is this an example of the ``encouraging results and notable progress'' cited by the State Department?  The Amado Carrillo-Fuentes cartel and the Arellano-Felix cartel, to the best of my knowledge, are operating with absolute impunity. But even the smaller cartels are hardly touched by Mexican authorities.  I think two recent incidents illustrate just what sort of cooperation the United States is receiving from Mexico with respect to the cartels.  On February 26 of this year, the Washington Post published an hour-long interview--hour-long interview--with Miguel Angel Caro Quintero, leader of the Sonora cartel, who is under indictment in the United States for crimes committed in the United States and for whom the United States has requested extradition.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that this article be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  