 President, section 490 of the Foreign Assistance Act requires the President to certify that Mexico has cooperated fully with the United States, or taken adequate steps on its own to combat drug trafficking. It's just not tenable to claim that Colombia did not meet that standard, but Mexico did. Let me read one sentence from the decertification of Colombia in 1996. It reads:       Critical to the U.S. judgment that the Government of      Colombia did not fully cooperate on counternarcotics in 1995      is the assessment that corruption remains pervasive, despite      the efforts of some dedicated Colombians to root it out.  That is no different from the situation in Mexico today. There are dedicated efforts in Mexico, but the corruption is pervasive.  I think the events of last week are an example in point.  Just hours before the President's decision on certification of Mexico was to be announced, Mexican officials were touting the arrest of a reputed cartel leader, Humberto Garcia Abrego, brother of Juan Garcia Abrego, who was expelled from Mexico during last year's certification process.  Then, just a few hours after the decision to certify was announced, guess what? Garcia Abrego simply walked away from Mexican custody a free man. The Mexican Attorney General's office claimed responsibility for setting him free. His release was ``inexplicable,'' they said.  Mr. President, this is just one example of the kind of cooperation the United States has received. It has tightened up just before certification and then, just after certification, it's business as usual.  With 70 percent of the cocaine, a quarter of the heroin, 80 percent of the marijuana, and 90 percent of the ephedrine used to make methamphetamine entering the United States from our southern border, Mexico's drug problem is America's drug problem, and the problem is getting worse, not better.  Last year at this time, Senator D'Amato and I compiled a list of actions we considered necessary for the Mexican Government to take in order to show progress on their antidrug efforts. Regrettably, I believe the evidence shows there has been little or no progress on nearly all of the items on this list.  Some of these failures are due to inability; others are due simply to a lack of political will.  For example, some questions: Has Mexico extradited one Mexican national on outstanding drug charges? The answer is no. I was puzzled because the Secretary of State, in her statement on certification, made this statement: ``Mexico has set a precedent by extraditing its own nationals.'' One might conclude that this includes Mexicans wanted on drug charges. Yet, to the contrary, both the Department of Justice and the DEA tell me that not a single Mexican national has been extradited to this country on drug-related charges.  If the State Department has information that Mexican nationals are being extradited on drug-related charges--and there are 52 of them on the extradition list--I ask them now to make that list public. Tell us which Mexican nationals have been extradited on drug-related charges.  Francisco Arellano-Felix of the notorious Tijuana cartel is currently in custody in a Mexican prison and wanted on narcotics charges here in the United States. I say to Mexico, why not show good faith and extradite him?  Mexican authorities tell us that there has been an agreement in principle on extraditing Mexican nationals, but there has been no change in their actions.  Question 2: Has Mexico implemented new laws aimed at curbing the rampant laundering of drug money? No.  Nearly a year ago, the Mexican Parliament passed criminal money laundering laws. But the new laws are a far cry from the stronger legislative action sought by U.S. officials. The new laws do not even require banks to report large or suspicious currency transactions. Promises to enact such regulations have, so far, gone unfulfilled.  To my knowledge, not one money exchange house in Mexico has changed its operations.  Have Mexican authorities significantly increased their seizure rate of cocaine or their arrest of drug traffickers? Let's take a look at it. The answer to that clearly is no. Cocaine seizures by Mexico, which increased slightly last year, are barely half of what was seized in 1993.  Here are seizures in 1993--46.2 tons. Here they are in 1995--22.2 tons. And they are just slightly above that in 1996. Actually, instead of 22.2 tons, in 1996 they are 23.5.  So that is the record. It has been effectively downhill, and then a straight line, and a small little jog up.  Let's take a look at drug-related arrests in Mexico. Drug-related arrests last year are less than half of what they were in 1992. Here are the figures. In 1992, 27,369; down in 1993; down in 1994; and way down in 1995, all the way to 9,700. We don't have 1996 on this chart yet, but the 1996 figures are 11,245. That is a startling drop since 1992.  So here is a country being certified as fully cooperative, and drug seizures have gone down and drug arrests have gone down in the last 3 years.  One has to ask then: What is ``full cooperation"?  