 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from California and the two Senators from Texas for joining me in this coalition.  I certainly do object to the motion to proceed to the bill. I want to explain why in some detail. These provisions that the Depot Caucus put in not only halts the public-private competitions for depot workload currently underway at both McClellan and Kelly Air Force Bases, but it essentially undermines any effort to do this work in the private sector in a more cost-effective way.  The option to privatize certain depot workloads was explicitly made available by the BRAC Commission and was a part of the base closure decision. Yes, let their be no doubt, these bases will be closed. We know that. But an effort was guaranteed to be put underway to see if an amount of this workload could, in fact, be privatized. In its report to the President, the BRAC 95 Commission specifically recommended that the department ``consolidate the remaining workloads to other DOD depots or to private-sector commercial activities as determined by the Defense Depot Maintenance Council.''  The President strongly supported the Commission's decision, specifically reinforcing the option of privatization. In his letter to the chairman of the BRAC 95 Commission, the President stated, ``I was pleased to learn that * * * you confirmed that the Commission's recommendations permit the Department of Defense to privatize the work loads of the McClellan and Kelly facilities in place or elsewhere in their respective communities. * * * In my communication with Congress, I have made clear that the Commission's agreement that the Secretary enjoys full authority and discretion to transfer workload from these two installations to the private sector, in place, locally or otherwise, is an integral part of the overall BRAC 95 package it will be considering.'' The President goes on to say, without ambiguity, ``Moreover, should the Congress approve this package but then subsequently take action in other legislation to restrict privatization options at McClellan or Kelly, I will regard this as a breach of Public Law 101-510 (the base closure law) in the same manner as if the Congress were to attempt to reverse by legislation any other material direction of this or any other BRAC.''  I think that's pretty clear.  Let me say that I firmly believe if this bill goes forward with the depot language in it, the President of the United States should veto the bill. Not to veto the bill is to say that the BRAC decisions and the decisions made surrounding the 1995 base closure decision are no longer valid. Their integrity is clearly punctuated by this kind of special interest drive.  Let me go on to say that some have alleged that this privatization process is an attempt to keep McClellan and Kelly open. Let me disabuse my colleagues of that. I want to be very clear. McClellan and Kelly will both be closed in the year 2001. That decision has been made. The property and buildings at McClellan will be transferred by the Air Force to recipients in the local community according to the base reuse plan.  Two private companies, Boeing and a group led by AAI Corp. and one Air Force depot, Hill Air Force Depot in Utah, have each been awarded $750,000 in Air Force contracts to formulate their bids for the workload package at McClellan. Final bids from these competitors for this workload are due in September of this year. The contract is scheduled to be awarded in January 1998. This aspect of privatization is now underway, Mr. President, and essentially what we have in this bill is a special provision which would halt the contracts currently proceeding. It is to this that we strongly object.  The workload package, currently under development by the Air Force, will be worth approximately $220 million and will affect only 2,300 McClellan Air Force Base employees. McClellan ALC, Air Logistics Center, employed over 8,000 people before the BRAC 1995 round, and currently employs less than 7,800 people. So you can see the workload package we are talking about affects about one-third of the employees that used to work at McClellan Air Logistics Center.  The Air Force's planned workload package at McClellan will include maintenance and repair of the KC-135 refueler aircraft and A-10 close-air support aircraft. It will also include repair work and maintenance on hydraulics systems, instruments and electronic components and electronic accessories for numerous aircraft systems. Finally, the workload package will include software support activities, parts repair and assembly for the KC-135 and A-10, and the packaging and movement of parts to military customers.  The public/private competition for this work can save taxpayer dollars. If the competition for this work is won by the private sector, hundreds of millions of dollars in savings could be realized by avoiding the costs of new military construction, movement of the workload, and retraining workers at Hill Air Force Base. Additional savings can come from taking advantage of any potential efficiencies in private industry.  Let me make another point. Past Federal investments at McClellan should not be ignored. Since 1987, the Department has spent $150 million on military construction projects at McClellan. Outright closure of these facilities before the year 2001 means the U.S. taxpayer not only forfeits this expenditure but also must pay for new military construction at another Air Force base so this workload can be moved. The Defense Department will have to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to duplicate the facilities now in operation at McClellan.  As the Defense Department phases out its operations at McClellan and Kelly Air Force Bases, privatization provides a means to reduce overhead costs by bringing defense and commercial work together. If private industry wins the competition for this workloadpackage, they will be able to add commercial products along with their Defense Department workload. This innovative approach will expand employment opportunities at these closing facilities and increase savings to the Department through decreased overhead costs and enhanced efficiency.  The Depot Caucus' language takes none of these potential savings into account and violates every proven principle that competition reduces costs. The Depot Caucus provision would sole-source billions of dollars of depot maintenance work to government facilities regardless of the cost or the impact this noncompetitive practice would have on DOD's management plans and strategies. In addition, the Depot Caucus' unqualified opposition to privatization goes against a clear national trend. The language ignores not only the lessons learned by industry, but also the guidance of DOD's most respected advisory reports.  This spring's Quadrennial Defense Review stated that DOD should, ``Conduct public-private competitions for depot maintenance work that does not contribute to core capability when other appropriate outsourcing criteria are met. In addition, [DOD] will partner in-house facilities with industry to preserve depot-level skills and utilize excess capacity. Savings will be achieved as a result of these competitions and the reductions in excess capacity.''  The May 1995 Commission on Roles and Missions [CORM] of the Armed Forces strongly urged increasing privatization. CORM recommended ``that the Department make the transition to a depot maintenance system relying mostly on the private sector.''  In fact, the 1995 Base Realignment and Closure [BRAC] Commission Report strongly supported depot privatization, writing, ``The Commission believes reducing infrastructure by expanding privatization to * * * DOD industrial and commercial activities will reduce the cost of maintaining and operating a ready military force.''  The vast majority of private firms are also moving toward increased reliance on outsourcing to become more efficient and remain competitive. The DOD can learn and benefit from the private sector's experience.  We have an opportunity to save money by allowing the competitions for workload at McClellan AFB to go forward. If the bids made by private industry are not financially feasible, then the contract will be awarded to the public bidder, Hill AFB. But, if a private bidder does win, then we will have our first opportunity to reduce the cost of depot maintenance activities through careful use of private enterprise.  The General Accounting Office's study of depot workload privatization never considered the question of how much could be saved if this workload was privatized. It only considered the costs of maintaining that workload at Kelly and McClellan as compared to consolidating it into the remaining air logistics centers. The privatization of this workload will not be business as usual.  Finally, many of my colleagues are concerned that readiness will suffer at the hands of greater outsourcing and privatization. DOD, however, has entrusted our military's readiness to private contractors for years. Currently, several weapons systems, including the KC-10 refueling aircraft, the F-117 stealth fighter, the B-1B bomber, and the software maintenance for the B-2 bomber are completed by private contractors.  I believe that the leadership of our armed services will continue to ensure that any DOD depot maintenance workload that is outsourced will be maintained appropriately, to DOD's own high standard. Allowing noncore depot workload to privatize simply permits DOD to award work to the most qualified, most reliable contractor, whether that contractor is a public facility or a private company.  In supporting the defense industrial base, DOD's policy calls for greater reliance on the private sector for appropriate depot maintenance workload. Outsourcing helps preserve private sector capabilities and enhances DOD's ability to capture new technologies that are constantly being developed in the private sector. By introducing greater competition into the mix, outsourcing lowers the cost of depot-level maintenance activities.  I firmly believe that the Nation will always require a public sector depot capability for certain mission-essential workloads and skills. Unfortunately, the depot language included in the DOD authorization bill will squander essential readiness and modernization funds. The Defense Department has defined public depot maintenance policy for the 21st century. It is time that we move beyond the arbitrary laws defining the policy of the past, and allow public/private competition to move us forward.  These are the points that I wanted to make today. But, let me emphasize, the Depot Caucus' amendment will eventually cost the taxpayers much more money by duplicating existing facilities. In addition, the contractual process, including the request for proposals has already begun and, at McClellan, two companies--Boeing, AAI Corp., and one Air Force depot, Hill Air Force Depot--have already been awarded $750,000 in Air Force contracts to formulate their bids for this workload. Now the Congress is trying to step in and say, ``We are going to stop these competitions midstream.'' I think that makes no sense for the taxpayers and it makes no sense for the credibility of the BRAC process.  I, for one, am delighted to join with my colleagues both in my own State and in Texas to work to see if we cannot come up with some compromise. Absent that compromise, I firmly believe the President should veto this bill.  I yield the floor.  