 President, I rise today to address Senate consideration of the CFE Flank Agreement.  The Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty [CFE] entered into in 1990 is an outstanding arms control achievement, requiring the destruction of over 50,000 items of heavy weaponry, including tanks, armored personnel carriers, artillery pieces, and attack helicopters. The CFE has helped to make the Europe of 1997 a far safer place than the Europe of even just a few years ago, and in doing so has served American national security interests well.  The implementation of CFE helps guarantee that a destabilizing concentration of military equipment--or a massed military attack in central Europe of the kind that has dominated strategic thinking in Europe through two World Wars and a cold war--willnow be next to impossible for any nation or group of nations to achieve.  But, as the flank agreement underscores, the treaty negotiated between NATO and the Warsaw Pact in 1990 is not adequate to the realities of the new European security environment.  To begin with, the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact no longer exist. There are now Soviet successor states in the Baltics and the Transcaucasus--the flank zones--with very different security and political concerns. Since the breakup of the Soviet Union, the Transcaucasus have been a region of almost singular instability. Russia and the Ukraine, likewise, have different security orientations than did the Soviet Union, as do the states of both central and western Europe. NATO is undergoing a searching debate about the possibility of enlargement. The Europe that the CFE must be relevant to in 1997 is radically different than the Europe of 1990.  Thus, in ways unanticipated by its original negotiators, the issues raised by the flank agreement touch on some of the most central and the most sensitive security issues of the new European security environment.  The history of the Transcaucasus since the breakup of the Soviet Union have served as a grim reminder of the deadly subtleties of rapidly changing regional geography. Civil war and ethnic strife has been the rule, not the exception, in Nagorno-Karabagh, Osettia, Abkhazia, Georgia, and, of course, Chechnya.  Stabilizing the military balance in the Transcaucasus and inculcating confidence and security building measures, as the CFE Treaty does, is critical for peace in the region.  Although not racked with the violence that has characterized the Transcaucasus, the security concerns of the Baltic States in the northern flank zone will prove to be central to future stability in Europe, and the limits placed on threatening conventional weapons by the CFE Treaty is a critical part of the security architecture of the Baltics.  Likewise, the flank agreement also touches upon the sensitive topic of Russian-Ukrainian ties, and the political and security relationship between the two, and it addresses the role of Turkey between Europe, the Middle East, and central Asia.  Last, the flank agreement has profound implications for Russian nationalist sentiment, and may well have an impact on the future of Russian domestic political development, and the dynamics of those domestic factors which may influence either a cooperative or confrontational Russian foreign policy.  In this sense, the flank agreement is also critical issue for the debate over NATO enlargement that is just now beginning to come to a simmer. In structuring the balance of forces between NATO and Russia, the CFE and the flank agreement--what it says as well as how it is implemented--will be at the heart of Russian perceptions and assessments regarding the potential of an enlarged NATO.  In short, the CFE will play a central role in determining the future course of peace and stability in Europe.  Notwithstanding the positive contributions of the CFE to U.S. national security interests--and it is a treaty which I will be voting for--I feel that I would be remiss in my duty as a Senator if I did not also point out some general concerns that I have with the flank agreement, as well as some specific concerns I have with the resolution of ratification for this treaty as it was voted out of the Foreign Relations Committee last week.  As I made clear in the Foreign Relations Committee hearing, I found the way in which the flank agreement was negotiated--opening up an already negotiated treaty for revision because of the reticence of one party to live up to its commitments--deeply troubling.  Although I would agree with those who argue that it is necessary to revisit international agreements when there has been a material change in circumstances--and few would argue that the breakup of the Soviet Union does not count on this score--treaties, by their very nature, are only worthwhile if they are binding the minute they are signed.  The post-cold-war world may very well be more turbulent and fluid than the world which we are used to, but I hope that the way in which the flank agreement was opened for renegotiation--with one party not in compliance with a treaty which they had signed--does not set a precedent which will call into question other treaties which, after the fact, a state may wish to change.  I think that it is important for the Senate to go on the record in support of the binding nature of the treaty obligations which we and other states enter into--obligations which should be opened for renegotiation in only the most extreme of cases--even as we give our support to this agreement.  Second, in changing the CFE flank equipment ceilings to meet Russian security concerns, we must be careful to make sure that we have not increased the insecurity felt by other states in or bordering the flank zone.  In its original conception, the CFE Treaty was intended to make Europe safe from the dangers of a big war between East and West. I think that there is general agreement that CFE has been and will continue to be effective in this respect.  But the CFE Treaty, as revised, must not become part of a European security architecture in which Europe is made safe for little wars, between the large and the small, or as a tool for intimidation used by the strong against the weak.  If such a situation were to result from the flank agreement revisions, Europe would be less stable and secure, not more.  Third, as several of my colleagues have already pointed out, the inclusion of condition 9 regarding Senate advice and consent for the multilateralization of the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty is, I think, unwarranted and unwise.  It is unwarranted because the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty is not connected in any way with the CFE. It is unwise because it calls into question whether the United States may attempt to reopen or substantively change a treaty because some now perceive that it is in our interests to do so.  There was an attempt to get this same language regarding the ABM inserted into last year's defense authorization bill. That effort failed. On its own, the Senate has already rejected this language. Now there is an attempt to resurrect this language and attach it to this treaty. The consideration of treaties is one of the highest responsibilities of the Senate, and I am disappointed that some of my colleagues have chosen to place petty politics above the interests of U.S. national security.  The ABM Treaty is the diplomatic foundation of our intercontinental ballistic missile reduction strategy. It was possible to negotiate and ratify the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, or START, and negotiate START II because of the strategic groundwork laid in the ABM Treaty. Abandoning or violating the ABM Treaty would threaten the strategic ballistic missile reductions under these two treaties, which, when implemented, would verifiably eliminate the intercontinental ballistic missiles carrying two-thirds of Russia's nuclear warheads.  I would have preferred to have had the opportunity to eliminate this condition from the final resolution of ratification, but, unfortunately, it does not appear that we will have this opportunity.  In addition to these general concerns, I also have one specific concern with the resolution of ratification for this treaty as it was voted out of committee last week, which I hope that we will have an opportunity to change.  I am concerned that condition 5 (F) of section 2 unfairly singles out Armenia for a report on compliance with the CFE Treaty. In so doing, this condition makes the treaty weaker, and less effective in guaranteeing U.S. security interests in Europe, not more.  Although some of my Armenian friends might not want me to say this, I do believe that there should be a report on Armenia's compliance with the treaty. There have been some troubling questions raised in the press and in our committee discussions regarding Armenian transshipments of arms from Russia, and whether Armenia is in violation of certain provisions of the CFE.  As I noted previously, this is a very sensitive part of the globe, and one in which even a relatively small amount of heavy weaponry can have tremendous impact on the balance of power. IfArmenia is in violation of the treaty, then appropriate measures should be taken.  However, it is precisely the volatile nature of this region that dictates that U.S. national security interests demand that we seek compliance reports on the other states in the region as well. There are questions regarding Azerbaijan's compliance with the CFE's Treaty Limited Equipment (TLE) limits, for example, and recent experience with civil war and ethnic strife in Georgia, Osettia, Chechnya, Abkhazia, and elsewhere in the region all suggest that a condition calling for region-wide compliance reports would be in order.  Indeed stigmatizing and isolating Armenia in this fashion may well prove to be counterproductive. If the CFE Treaty is perceived as a tool of one side or another in an already tense and volatile region, it will have the effect of destroying confidence, not building it, and will contribute to an atmosphere where the states of the region may seek to build their armed forces, not lessen them.  This would be a grave mistake, and that is why I believe that condition 5 (F) must be changed to call for compliance reports for the other countries in the Transcaucasus as well. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment offered to make just these changes when we vote on this issue.  Even with these reservations, however, I find that the treaty merits support. The CFE, with the revised flank agreement, provides an invaluable tool for stabilizing European security and lessening regional tension. I would urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of this treaty.  