 President, the amendment I have just sent to the desk essentially differs from the Senate Joint Resolution 1, the majority balanced budget amendment, in just four ways. I would like to quickly summarize the distinctions and then go over each one of them and explain why I believe this amendment will stand the test of scrutiny. This substitute approach, in my view, represents how we need to address the balanced budget amendment.  Mr. President, we have just had quite a bit of debate on the Reid amendment. The arguments have been made as to why the Social Security trust funds, should be removed from the unified budget. This amendment would allow Social Security trust funds to continue to remain as part of the unified budget up to the point Congress achieves balance, which has been estimated at 2002. The administration and Congress have both indicated a commitment to balancing the budget by 2002. This amendment respects that goal.  The amendment would require that 1 year after enactment, whenever the amendment is ratified by three-quarters of the legislatures of the States, the amendment would go into effect and be binding. If the amendment becomes effective in 2002, the year in which bipartisan consensus exists for balancing the budget, the year in which Social Security would be excluded would be 2003. This provides an opportunity to transition away from our current reliance on the Social Security trust funds to offset deficit spending in other areas and reach balance under a balanced budget amendment.  As Senator Hatch will recall, last year when the amendment was on the floor, we held some negotiations to try to reach agreement. Many of us feel very strongly that Social Security should not be part of balancing the budget. We had some negotiations to review whether we might agree to a balanced budget, that excluded the Social Security trust funds, by the year 2008. The majority did not support the approach and the response to the offer was that it is too difficult to balance the budget if you withdraw Social Security trust funds from the unified budget. I have given that considerable thinking and believe that if we use it up to the point of balance, and then separate it out, that gives time to adjust to this withdrawal of Social Security. My amendment prohibits the use of the Social Security trust funds after Congress has reached balance and would prohibit the use of the trust funds thereafter.  My amendment's second point would retain restrictions on lifting the debt limit. However, it would require a majority vote, rather than a three-fifths vote, as the majority balanced budget amendment provides.  The third point of the amendment would permit Congress to respond to serious economic emergencies or major national disasters. Without that, a bailout for a California earthquake would have to be paid for within the confines of balanced outlays and expenditures. A savings and loan bailout would have to be offset by cuts elsewhere in the budget, balancing revenue and expenditures. This balance, if the Nation faced an economic emergency or major natural disaster, would be much more difficult to achieve in the outyears.  Fourth, this amendment would clarify that passage of the amendment would not prohibit Congress from developing a capital budget. It does not mandate a capital budget, but as has been made clear by Senator Torricelli and others, the majority amendment would essentially prevent the Federal Government of the United States of America from ever developing a capital budget. A capital budget has been a useful budget structure for many of the States, as you know from experience, Mr. President, and many of the cities, as I know. These cities and States have capital budgets separate and distinct from their operating budgets. They fund these capital budgets for physical assets, like buildings, bridges, and highways, in a multiyear funding mechanism. This structure could make sense for the Federal Government as well, and we should not close the door on this option. Unfortunately, the majority balanced budget amendment does precisely that.  So these are the four points of difference. I would like to elaborate on these concerns.  Let me just tell you why I feel so strongly about Social Security. To begin with, Social Security is already separate and discreet. Every worker, workers in your family and in my family, have 6.2 percent of their paycheck deducted every month for FICA taxes. This is matched by 6.2 percent from every employer in the country for a total of 12.4 percent FICA contribution. Workers are told that this money goes into a trust fund to be used for their retirement, invested by the Federal Government, so it will be there when they retire for their Social Security benefits. This I view as a solemn pledge. The workers are never told that the 12.4 percent FICA contribution is actually part of the unified budget. They are never told their payments, in fact, support the purchase of a battleship, or the payment of a lawyer's salary, or the payment of a clerk's salary, or the building of a highway or for any other activity of our Government's general operations.  Now, this is also wrong because of the looming retirement of the baby boom generation. Analysts concluded Congress needed to increase FICA taxes a while back to be able to provide for the retirement of our large baby boom generation. Well, the taxes were increased, but, again, the funds are part of the unified budget and they support a battleship, a lawyer, a clerk, recreation programs, and so on and so forth.  I think that is wrong. I also think the Congress recognized it was wrong when this House, virtually unanimously, enacted the Hollings resolution in 1990. As you know, the Hollings resolution said, henceforth, we will not include Social Security as part of the unified budget.  The majority amendment essentially enshrines in the Constitution, for all time, the use of Social Security trust funds as part of the unified budget. The funds will be used to pay for every soldier, every battleship, every highway, every clerk, and every park employee of the Federal Government.  I think this is wrong. I think it is wrong morally, I think it is wrong ethically, and I think if it were ever tested, it would be found to be wrong legally, as well. But we have been using the Social Security trust funds and weare in a budget hole as a result. It is really a catch-22 situation. The only way out is to amend this majority balanced budget amendment, and this is what I propose to do.  Now, let me give you some idea of the challenge Social Security faces. This chart represents the Social Security trust funds, between 1996 and 2002. According to the Social Security Administration data, we use approximately $570 billion of these surplus trust funds to balance the budget. Between 2002 and 2019 we use $1.8 trillion of Social Security trust funds part of the unified budget. My amendment represents a compromise, if you will. The amendment recognizes how difficult it is to balance the Federal budget without the Social Security trust funds. We will only use the $570 billion up to 2002, and after 2002, these funds will be separated out from the unified budget. These Social Security receipts will remain in a separate and discreet trust fund. They will not be used to pay for a battleship or a soldier or a clerk's salary or a lawyer's salary or anything else. That is $1.8 trillion that will essentially be saved to pay for retirements. This restriction makes the task of shoring up the long-term solvency of Social Security, which the majority balanced budget makes more difficult, a lot easier to achieve.  As a former mayor, I know that one of the things you do to really assess spending at any government level is look at outlays. Outlays are dollars the government actually spends. If you look at outlays, you will see in 1995, more than 50 percent of all of the money spent by the Federal Government was essentially spent for entitlements, like Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and welfare, and 14 percent was dedicated to pay interest on the debt. Interest, which buys nothing, has doubled since 1969. Therefore, if you do nothing by the year 2003, almost 75 percent of all of the outlays of the Federal Government are effectively Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, welfare, and interest on the debt. The spending trends are what really motivates me, and I hope others, to accept a constitutional balanced budget amendment.  These spending priorities will run into each other and it becomes more difficult to balance the budget under any balanced budget amendment. One has to understand what we are going to protect. I think Social Security is critically important to protect for a number of reasons.  If we look at the funding patterns for Social Security, Social Security revenue, payroll taxes and interest that has built up a surplus, begins to drop around 2019. As soon as these funds begin to drop, Social Security outlays begin to exceed our Social Security revenue. Under the majority balanced budget amendment, total expenditures and the outlays meet. When outlays exceed our revenue, Congress either has to increase taxes, cut Social Security payments or cut other programs or in some way find revenues so that those outlays and expenditures match. This is the significance of the Congressional Research Service memo that has been discussed by several Senators. So as it goes straight down, every year you have to either make deeper cuts, in Social Security or somewhere else, or you have to increase taxes just to pay these Social Security checks.  Now, is this fair? Is this what we want to do? Is it fair in these outyears to place Social Security recipients so deeply at risk? I have come to the conclusion that it is not fair, that it is not the right thing to do. Therefore, my amendment would permit the use of the Social Security trust funds up to 2002 and remove it from the unified budget thereafter.  Critics suggest this amendment creates a big problem in the year 2003. However, this amendment would also provide the ability to develop a capital budget. Our Nation has significant capital needs, yet we are underinvesting in this important area. In 1965, the United States invested 6.3 percent of its budget in infrastructure spending. We built the Nation's highways, we built bridges, we built other major projects which benefit this Nation. This is not a nation whose population is going down. It is a nation whose population is increasing and a growing population has infrastructure needs. However, by 1992, our investment in capital infrastructure declined to 3 percent of the budget. When push comes to shove, Congress reduces capital spending, dropping those things that enable us to provide a decent quality of life for our citizens, such as the ability to get to a job without gridlock or the ability to travel over a bridge on a Federal highway that is not going to fall down. Our infrastructure has been decaying and it needs adequate funding.  More than one-third of the major highways of the United States, representing one-quarter of a million miles, are in poor or mediocre condition and need to be repaired. Approximately 25 percent of our 570,000 highway bridges are described as structurally deficient, or functionally obsolete. What does this say? We are becoming capital poor in infrastructure.  Those of us that have been Governors and mayors know that one of the prime responsibilities of government is infrastructure, something that is not very sexy for the public. Our responsibilities are the streets, keeping potholes off of streets, keeping bridges and roads in good repair and minimizing the risk of accidents for people. I contend we cannot do that under the restrictions of this balanced budget, unless, at some point in the future, Congress has the ability to enact a capital budget and to fund long-term capital improvements on a multiyear basis rather than in cash up front as is done now.  If you take 2 percent of GDP as your measure of investment, it would be about $160 billion right now. Congress could create a limit based on a percentage of GDP. I think we spend about $140 billion now. So if you wanted to ratchet it up, to permit a higher level of investment, you would simply set a limit at a higher percent of GDP.  The limit would operate similar to a kind of bond limit, as we use in States. The Government would have a certain bonding capacity and you would stay within the limit of that bonding capacity, which would reflect our economic strength, interest payments, and payback schedule and similar factors.  I think it makes tremendous sense. I think that without providing for a capital budget, we undermine our Nation's ability to do and carry out one of the most important responsibilities of a Federal Government, the providing of safe and adequate Federal infrastructure for the future of our people.  Now, let me speak about the economic emergency. The majority amendment does not provide for an economic emergency. In an economic emergency, it is important that the automatic stabilizers be able to function. It is important that we be able to respond to extreme and serious national emergencies, whether this be a major depression or, I might say, a savings and loan crisis, that develops in the future, or another crisis. Congress was forced to spend an additional $135 billion to clean up the fiscal mess of the savings and loan crisis in the 1980's and 1990's. These costs weren't anticipated and they weren't projected. Yet, we had to honor the United States' commitment to protect depositors.  If Senate Joint Resolution 1 were in place, Congress would have been forced to cut the budget by $66 billion in 1991, to meet its savings and loan bailout obligations in that year, by cutting education, cutting highways, cutting crime fighting and other priorities in order to pay off depositors. Now, is that really the situation we want to place ourselves in for, not just 10 or 15 years, but in perpetuity, forever and ever and ever?  If you asked me in the 1960's or 1970's, would I ever think that these savings and loans would default, the answer would have been no. But the fact of the matter is that they did. The fact of the matter is that the cost to the Federal Government was $135 billion, and in 1991 this Congress ponied up $66 billion. Now, that is $66 billion that would be pitted against the purchase of a new battleship or soldiers' salaries or their cost-of-living raise, or a clerk in the Agriculture Department, or a lawyer in the Justice Department. That is the inescapable truth of budgeting.  Therefore, the majority amendment prohibition on the development of a capital budget, even if this or a future Congress believes it would be necessary or prudent or wise to enact one, I think, is a major error. Consequently, my amendment would permit Congress to develop a capital budget in the future.  Now, let me briefly address extending the debt limit. A three-fifths vote inGovernment is something you do when you really want the minority to control the process. We are a representative democracy. We represent the people, and the bulk of votes in a representative democracy are a majority. The majority speaks. All of you down there, Mr. and Mrs. America, how many of you favor more police on your streets? The hands go up. A majority. How many favor more firefighters? Hands go up. A majority. We reflect those views when we come back to the Congress. We generally know what the majority believes. It is very hard to know what a minority really believes, and this gives inordinate power to a minority.  People often argue it is easy to receive a majority vote. That is wrong and let me try to show you how wrong it is. Since 1990, no budget resolution or conference report has received a three-fifths majority. Since 1990, no vote to raise the debt limit has received a three-fifths majority.  In 1985, the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings law was adopted in the Senate by a vote of 51 to 37.  The 1990 budget reconciliation bill was passed with a budget vote of 54 to 45.  The 1993 Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act was passed with a vote of 51 to 50.  The 1995 budget reconciliation bill was adopted on a vote of 52 to 47.  The 1995 temporary debt limit increase was adopted on a vote of 49 to 47.  If that doesn't demonstrate that majority votes even are tough to get, I don't know what does.  Now, the issue here is, what happens if the debt limit isn't extended, and what happens if we permit 41 people to make that determination? Well, we just saw that. The Government shuts down. We default on our obligations. The full faith and credit is cast in doubt.  I think it is a huge mistake to put forward a balanced budget amendment that would permit a minority in Congress to hold the Government hostage, shut it down, bring it to the brink of default, risk the loss of our full faith and credit, and the respect that goes with it. This gives 41 Senators and 179 House Members the power to hold this Nation's credit hostage during budgetary disagreements. So I think it is a big, big mistake.  In closing, I am pleased to submit this amendment on behalf of Senators Torricelli, Durbin, and Cleland.  Essentially, this amendment keeps Social Security as part of the unified budget up to the point we reach balance. As I mentioned, approximately $570 billion will be taken from the trust funds and used to balance the budget by 2002. The amendment separates Social Security out at the point of balance and is able to retain $1.8 trillion of Social Security trust funds outside of the unified budget for the future. This means Social Security will remain financially viable much longer.  Social Security is critical for many recipients. Fourteen percent of people on Social Security today are totally dependent on it. Social Security prevents abut 57 percent of beneficiaries from falling into poverty. It is important to protect it. It is the one Government program, beyond all others, that guarantees that people in their golden years will have an opportunity for a decent quality of life.  Second, this amendment provides for a national economic emergency. I have spoken about the savings and loan bailout, an unpredictable event, which cost the Treasury $135 billion, a $66 billion appropriation in 1991, alone. Emergencies occur and will need congressional attention. The majority amendment will undermine our ability to address emergency needs.  Third, this amendment does not mandate a capital budget, but it would say that the Constitution does not prohibit the development of a capital budget if a majority of the Congress desires to develop and implement one.  Fourth, this amendment would change the restrictions on extending the debt limit from three-fifths to a majority vote. I am a member of the Judiciary Committee and attended the hearings and listened to the testimony. I sincerely believe, that my amendment is a balanced budget amendment that will stand the test of time and has an opportunity to be ratified by three-fourths of the State. The Senate should adopt this amendment.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor for the moment.  