 President, I thank the Senate, in particular I thank the majority and minority leaders for the agreement that allowed the confirmation of Christina Snyder as a Federal district court judge to proceed. I think this body will be proud of Mrs. Snyder's work on the bench. I have a great deal of faith in her.  I thank the majority leader very much for scheduling this vote on the nomination of Christina Snyder. Mrs. Snyder is an excellent candidate, and I am delighted that the Senate will act today on her nomination.  Christina Snyder's nomination has been pending before the Senate sincebeing reported by the Judiciary Committee on September 18, and the California district courts face an urgent need for additional judges on the bench.  I recommended Chris Snyder to the President, in January 1996, for appointment to the central district of California because I believe she is extremely well qualified for the position.  Christina Snyder is a highly respected lawyer in Los Angeles. She has more than 20 years of experience in the courtroom and served as a partner in three respected Los Angeles law firms.  She has focused her legal career on civil proceedings, where approximately 70 percent of her cases have been in the Federal courts.  Her practice has consisted of complex civil litigation, representing mostly defendants, including cases involving the Federal securities laws, civil RICO, antitrust, intellectual property, and the Lanham Act.  Christina's record for integrity and decisiveness has earned the respect of her peers, both Democrats and Republicans alike.  Chris Snyder has the support of professors, judges, and lawyers in the central district and throughout California.  Among her many supporters are such prominent Republican Los Angeles leaders as Mayor Richard Riordan, who noted his very high regard and enthusiastic support for her, and Sheriff Sherman Block.  As a testament to her high regard by her colleagues in the legal profession, Mrs. Snyder was nominated for membership to the prestigious American Law Institute. Membership in the organization is equally divided between lawyers, judges, and legal professors. It is indeed an honor to be elected to the organization and Mrs. Snyder was elected to the institute the very first time she was nominated, a noteworthy accomplishment.  Mrs. Snyder has also lectured on various subjects related to banking law and intellectual property law, and is currently coauthoring a treatise on the local rules of practice of the Federal courts in the State of California.  As an attorney for over 20 years, she has the experience and temperament to excel in this position.  I urge the Senate to confirm her nomination to the central district court.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  