  Mr. President, I rise to support the D'Amato-Chafee resolution. I am very pleased to be a cosponsor. I want to point out that two cities in this Nation are impacted more than any other, and that is the city of Los Angeles and the city of New York. In California alone, there are 310,000 legal immigrants currently receiving SSI benefits. Under the present law, they all go off on August 22, regardless of need.  I want to clear the air somewhat, because the administration proposal, accepted by the Budget Committee, does not cover elderly legal immigrants. In other words, if you are 85 years old and monolingual in another language, you cannot get a job, but come August 22, under the agreement, you would be out on the streets. Either you are homeless or else it is a transfer to the local government to be picked up by the counties' general assistance grant.  This proposal of Senator D'Amato's essentially takes that August 22 deadline and extends it to October 1, giving us time to work with the administration, work with the Appropriations Committee and try to see if there is not a better solution.  If only disabled are covered, which is currently the case under the proposed bipartisan agreement, this means that only refugees and asylees who have exhausted the 7 years would be eligible for SSI only if they are disabled. This impacts 61,360 people in California; 60 percent of those who are disabled and 40 percent of the elderly would not be affected by this legislation.  So we have a ways to go in reconciling what is really out there in terms of problems of people who are elderly and the proposal that is part of the bipartisan agreement. The D'Amato proposal extends that deadline by 2 months and gives us an opportunity to work this out. I think it is extraordinarily important that that happen.  Additionally, I pay my compliments to the Senator from Rhode Island. Senator Chafee and I have a bill which would extend SSI for all of those who are presently covered by SSI, not prospectively, not for newcomers, but for those people already in this country for whom we have certain responsibilities who are unable to have any other source of income to support themselves. Our bill, I think, is the long-term solution that is the most viable.  So I thank Senator D'Amato--he is also a cosponsor of the Chafee-Feinstein bill--for offering this, and I am very hopeful that a dominant majority of this body will see the wisdom in adopting it.  Mr. D'AMATO addressed the Chair.  