 President, I rise to offer a substitute amendment to H.R. 1122, which, as I said, is cosponsored by Senators Boxer and Moseley-Braun. The amendment we offer is presented as an alternative to the House-passed bill on so-called partial-birth abortions and as an alternative to the Daschle substitute as well.  My colleagues and I offer this amendment for one reason: We very much believe that any legislation put forward by Congress that restricts access to abortions or to a particular medical procedure must be constitutional and must contain sufficient protections for a woman's health. The Feinstein-Boxer-Moseley-Braun bill provides that protection while instituting a ban on post-viability abortions similar to that in the Daschle bill.  Our bill does three things.  First, it prohibits all abortions after a fetus has become viable or able to live independently outside of the mother's womb.  Second, it provides an exception for cases where, in the medical judgment of a physician, an abortion is necessary to preserve the life of the mother or to prevent serious adverse health consequences to the mother.  And third, it provides stringent civil penalties for physicians performing post-viability abortions in the absence of compelling medical reasons.  The penalties are limited to the physician and include for the first offense a fine of $100,000, and referral to a State licensing board for possible suspension of the medical license.  For the second offense, the fine would be up to $250,000, with referral to the State licensing board for possible revocation of license.  There is no health exception in H.R. 1122, known as the Santorum bill. And we do not believe that the health exception provided in the Daschle bill is sufficient, nor do we believe that it will meet the constitutional test.  Let me begin by speaking of my opposition to the House bill. And let me begin by pleading with anyone listening to this debate to read the bill--read H.R. 1122. It is short. It is easy to read. I want to quote from page 2 of that bill to illustrate what this bill does.  Let me begin on line 9:       Any physician who, in or affecting interstate or foreign      commerce, knowingly performs a partial-birth abortion and      thereby kills a human fetus shall be fined under this title      or imprisoned not more than two years, or both.  The bill refers to a ``partial-birth abortion,'' which is a term not existing in medical literature or medical texts. So let us find out what a partial-birth abortion is. And we turn to line 19 of page 2 for that description:       As used in this section, the term ``partial-birth      abortion'' means an abortion in which the person performing      the abortion partially vaginally delivers a living fetus      before killing the fetus and completing the delivery.  The issue here is clear. We heard yesterday on this floor a vivid description of a procedure, a procedure known as ``intact D'' Nowhere in House Resolution 1122 are ``intact D'' or ``intact D'' or any medical procedure referred to. Instead, we have a term not existent in medical science anywhere called ``partial-birth abortion.''  Now, anyone who is familiar with a woman's physiology knows that this term can be used to deny second-trimester and third-trimester abortions--virtually, I believe, all of them.  If the concern of the authors of this legislation were truly in fact to prohibit or ban one specific procedure, why would they not spell out what the procedure is in legislative language just as they have graphically spelled out the procedure on the Senate floor? Why? Why not do that?  I believe there is a reason why they did not do that. And the reason is, that I sincerely believe that this bill is meant to do much more, much more than simply ban a procedure known as intact D or intact D I believe that this bill is essentially a Trojan horse, a Trojan horse in the sense that it is not at all what it seems to be on the outside.  If you look on the inside, which means opening the page of the bill, you will see that this bill is the first major legislative thrust to make abortion in the United States of America illegal.  I stated yesterday on the floor that we are really a product of our live's experiences. And my life's experiences that have caused me to be essentially pro-choice are essentially threefold.  The first, my days in college at Stanford University, days when I remember a bright young woman who committed suicide because she was pregnant and abortion was illegal in the United States. And I also remember the passing of a plate in a college dormitory so that another friend could go to Mexico for an abortion. I remember that well.  My second life experience was in the early 1960's at the California Institution for Women, the women's prison in California for women convicted of felonies, where I set sentences and granted paroles to women convicted of providing abortions. I remember this well because the only way a case really came to the attention of the authorities was either through the morbidity or the mortality of the patient.  And I remember the graphic stories in those cumulative summaries that were given to us prior to term setting, of what happened to women who were victims of illegal abortions. And I remember that the women who provided the abortions would leave and come back and commit the same crime again because of the importunings of other women.  And the third graphic experience for me was becoming a grandmother and finding out that my daughter in her pregnancy had an unexpected, very serious, potentially life-threatening problem, and realizing how surprised I was not to know that this could happen in this day and age. But it did happen.  My story--my daughter's story--came out fine because today I have a bright-eyed and bushy-tailed and wonderful, light of my life, in the form of a 4\1/2\-year-old granddaughter by the name of Eileen.  But I learned that there can be unpredictable occurrences, and that when we legislate--in a piece of paper that becomes an abiding law enforced everywhere throughout the United States of America--we ought to legislate with the knowledge that human life and human experience has many permutations that are unexpected and unanticipated.  I view H.R. 1122 as doing much, much more than banning a simple procedure. That procedure is not mentioned anywhere in this piece of legislation. But it does set up the basis for lawsuit after lawsuit against any physician that might practice and might perform a second-trimester abortion. Every other type of abortion in some way has the head of the fetus coming through the birth canal. And then the case is, at what point is that fetus still living or not living? And so I think it is a potentially very dangerous piece of legislation in that regard.  I mentioned yesterday that I basically do not believe that intact D or intact D should be used, that there are other forms of abortion. That is my personal belief. And I believe that the AMA is on its way in a medical venue of taking some steps to limit it. We all know we are talking about less than 1 percent of all of the abortions that take place in this country, in any event.  So the question is, what do we do? What kind of legislation do we present that recognizes the exigencies, the human trials, the difficulties that a woman can have?  Yesterday, I mentioned a young nurse; her name is Viki Wilson. When I was a county supervisor and mayor, I worked with her mother, Susan Wilson, who was a supervisor from Santa Clara County. Viki Wilson is a nurse, married to a doctor. In her 36th week she had a sonogram and she found out she had a severely deformed baby with its brain outside its skull. She learned that the contractions she was having were actually seizures that the child was having and that the child was incompatible of sustaining life outside of the womb.  She went to a doctor and her doctor recommended the particular procedure that is under siege here today, as the procedure, at that stage of her pregnancy, that would be most protective of her health. I cannot tell you whether it was or not. I am not a physician. There is only one physician in this body who might know. Yet, we are going to legislate, in a bill that is drafted to be so broad, that it can impact much more than one procedure.  The amendment that the three of us present to this body today, we believe, comports with Roe versus Wade. We believe it would not put in jeopardy every second- and third-trimester abortion. We believe it would prohibit every third-trimester abortion unless the life and the health, as defined by serious adverse health consequences to the mother, were at risk, and that this decision would be made by the physician and the woman, which I think is the appropriate remedy for this issue.  I think this is a very difficult debate because most people have not read the bill before the Senate, H.R. 1122. Most people really do not understand the whole panoply of human ills that can take place in a pregnancy.  I believe the AMA, in the recent paper they have put forward, very clearly indicates they believe that, with few exceptions, this procedure that is at question should not be used. However, they are not--and I think rightly so--not ready to sacrifice the integrity of the medical profession to say that no doctor, no matter what the situation is, no matter what the physiology of the woman may be, no matter that she may not be able to have another procedure, that she might be adversely impacted healthwise, cannot, no matter what the situation is, have this procedure as a remedy.  Mr. President, we present to you a bill that we believe is constitutional, a bill that would ban all third-trimester abortions, unless the life and health of the woman, as defined as serious adverse health consequences, were threatened. The bill includes very strong civil penalties, which we believe would be a substantial deterrent to the performance of any third-trimester abortions unless there is a very serious medical need.  Mr. President, I notice my distinguished colleague, and I ask the Senator from Massachusetts how much time he desires.  