 President, I rise this afternoon to offer my views on this fast track proposal before the Senate. I have followed the debate very carefully. California has a significant stake on issues of international trade, an important engine driving the California economy today.  In recent weeks, we have heard a great deal about fast track, often with broad, sweeping claims. Some have said those voting against fast track are protectionist, xenophobic or antitrade. Others have claimed fast track is the Sun, the Moon, and the stars. I want to take a few minutes to describe just what I think fast-track authority is all about. Fast track is the abrogation of congressional authority to have some leverage on trade agreements and the ability to offer amendments on the floor.  This fast-track bill provides the President, for the remainder of his term, plus an optional extension, the authority to negotiate any trade treaty in the world and bring it rapidly to this body, without an opportunity to offer amendments. Article 1, section 8, of the U.S. Constitution gives the Congress responsibility over economic matters. Through fast track, we are effectively abrogating this responsibility.  There is no State in this Nation that has a more important role on issues oftrade than the State of California. The stakes are very high.  California is the seventh largest economy on Earth. We are the economic powerhouse and the economic engine of the Nation, responsible for 13 percent of the Nation's economy and 20 percent of the Nation's export.  Free and fair trade is an integral part of California's economic future. But free and fair trade can only be brought about through a level playing field, with everybody playing by the same rules. My job as a U.S. Senator is to stand up and articulate my State's interests when its needs and concerns are not being taken into consideration. Simply stated, fast track gives the President total authority to negotiate any trade agreement.  Is fast track absolutely necessary? We have heard a great deal of comment and concern, calling for the passage of fast track: ``We have to do it, we have to do it, you are un-American if we don't do it.'' But the fact of the matter is this President has concluded 220 trade agreements, and only 2 of them, the GATT Uruguay round and the North American Free Trade Agreement, have required fast-track authority.  In fact, other than GATT and NAFTA, there have only been three additional agreements in the Nation's history that have been adopted through the fast-track process: the Tokyo round of GATT in 1975, the United States-Canada Free-Trade Agreement in 1998 and the United States-Israel Free Trade Agreement in 1989. These are the only five agreements in the history of our Nation that have been passed using the fast-track process.  Yet we have seen exports increase in our country by 50 percent since 1991, without fast-track. Today, exports are 30 percent higher than they were in 1993. The trade growth and the trade agreements are occurring without fast-track authority.  Now, it may well be if I were the President of the United States, I would want to have fast track, too. It would make my life simpler. I would not have to deal with a Congress that can sometimes be recalcitrant or difficult and, at our best, obstreperous, and at our worst, an actual impediment.  However, the Senate is supposed to be a deliberative body and I feel sometimes no legislation is better than just any legislation. Yet with this fast track matter, we have seen a great rush. We are told we can't wait until next session or next year to have more thoughtful consideration on this issue. We have to do it right now.  I must tell you, the stakes are very big for my State. Fast track forces me to give my authority to offer changes. I give up my ability to pick up the phone and tell the administration, ``Hey, if you negotiate this, I'm going to try to amend it on the floor because it disadvantages industries in my State.''  The bottom line is, I think, the argument that the United States can't negotiate trade agreements without fast track, based on the record, are incorrect. Senator Byron Dorgan has ably pointed out that the agreements that have been the subject of fast track, have been followed by a growing negative trade balance. Yet we can't do anything about it so we don't talk about it.  Under NAFTA, a $1.7 billion trade surplus in 1993, after NAFTA's passage, grew to a record trade imbalance of $16.3 billion by 1996. Our trade deficit with Canada has also grown, more than doubling from $11 to $23 billion annually.  We can't amend NAFTA, we can't change NAFTA. All we can do is give 6 months' notice and withdraw. The stakes are very big now, and withdrawal is not apt to happen politically.  The GATT agreement, which I voted for, has contributed to the largest merchandise trade deficit in U.S. history, rising in each of the last 4 years to an all-time high of $165 billion today.  I think these mounting trade deficits should be a loud and clear message that America should negotiate better trade deals rather than give up congressional responsibility through fast track. To me, these experiences say, ``Go slow. Fast track may well backfire.''  Yet, through fast track, we are saying we have to proceed quickly, we have to give up all scrutiny, we have to give up all right of amendment: do it fast, do it fast.  I would like to discuss one area where we face significant concerns. Right now, the international financial markets are more complex than ever. Today's international trading picture is more diverse and complicated than ever before. Take, for example, the currency problems some Southeast Asian nations are experiencing, which may well create a very unanticipated result.  Earlier this month, the International Monetary Fund announced it is preparing an emergency line of credit for Indonesia. The Indonesian rupiah has dropped more than 18 percent against the dollar since late September. Thailand received a $17 billion loan from an IMF-led consortium in August, which represents the second largest IMF rescue package ever.  Indonesia and Thailand now join the Philippines as Asia's former ``economic tigers'' who have looked for IMF emergency help due to financial crisis. As you may recall, following NAFTA, the United States extended the largest loan package to Mexico when it faced financial crisis and the peso was devalued. Much to Mexico's credit, this loan was promptly and fully repaid.  Many knowledgeable people involved in the Pacific rim trading theater believe these currency fluctuations are very serious harbingers of things to come. In many of these countries, banking practices may also be a subject of concern, with loans extended to those with political clout, rather than the most worthy. These currency fluctuations may foreshadow major banking scandals in the future.  If you combine questionable banking practices with currency fluctuations, we may see a scenario in which the only course open to some of these nations is for them to press harder to increase their exports and erect import barriers, regardless of what the trade agreements say. Further, the United States does not have a great record in enforcing many of the agreements that are on the books. As a result, U.S. manufacturers would lose exports and market share.  Free and fair trade is an integral part of California's economic future. But under fast track, California's two Senators could very easily get rolled despite the State's enormous economic stake. Many States, each with two Senators, don't have nearly the economic interests that we do. My State could face an agreement that very much disadvantages California's industries, and I would have no opportunity to try to correct that.  We are the leading agricultural State in the Union, home to 10 percent of the Nation's food processing employment.  The California wine industry is the Nation's leader, producing 75 percent of the wine and 90 percent of the wine exports.  We are the leading high-technology State, providing 20 percent of the Nation's jobs in high technology.  We lead the Nation in entertainment, providing 50 percent of the Nation's production.  We are home to 5 of the Nation's 10 largest software firms. We are the Nation's leader in biotechnical and pharmaceutical products, providing as much as 30 percent of the Nation's output. Yet, under fast track, I am asked to give up any opportunity to fight for my State's interests on the floor of the U.S. Senate if they are disadvantaged by a trade agreement negotiated by the administration. I cannot agree to those restrictions.  Let me talk for a moment about specific concerns with S. 1269, the Finance Committee bill. I have listened intently to the debate other the past several weeks. I have scrutinized amendments which may be offered to this legislation. In my view, the major deficiencies in the fast-track legislation before the Senate have not been addressed. In some ways, the legislation before the Senate today is weaker in addressing those concerns than in prior fast-track laws.  Under S. 1269, trade negotiations that involve issues such as protecting U.S. manufacturing, labor, or environmental standards, cannot be included in the fast-track process but will have to be dealt with separately where they could be the target of amendments, Senate filibusters, or bottled up in committee and never see the light of day.  Let me give an example. Unlike previous fast-track laws, S. 1269 requiresthat a provision of a trade agreement, to be entitled to receive the protection of fast track, must be ``directly related to trade.''  Previous fast-track laws have provided fast-track benefits to those provisions of an agreement that ``serve the interests of U.S. commerce'' and are ``necessary and appropriate'' to carry out the agreement.  So what is the practical effect of the changes? If a trade agreement included a component to fund border cleanup, these cleanup provisions could not be protected by fast-track rules because they are not considered ``directly related to trade.'' They would have to proceed through the regular legislative process, subject to amendments, filibusters, with no certainty the provisions would ever receive a vote.  For example, NAFTA implementing legislation reduced tariffs in Mexico, Canada, and the United States and created the Border Environmental Cooperation Commission and the North American Development Bank to fund environmental cleanup. Although adopted in the NAFTA fast-track approval process, these two entities would not be eligible for fast-track if they were included in a future trade agreement brought under S. 1269's fast-track authority.  S. 1269 limits congressional opportunity to remedy worker safety, wage, and environmental concerns. Section (2)(b)(15) of the bill seeks to prevent foreign governments from ``derogating,'' or reducing, a country's laws or regulations to provide a competitive advantage to its domestic companies or to attract investment to the country.  That sounds good, but what about those countries who have weak or even no environmental or labor standards in the first place? There is no provision in this legislation that would obligate countries to enact fair labor or environmental laws or to remedy serious inequities that already exist between the United States and other countries.  Furthermore, because efforts to address these inequities would not be considered ``directly related to trade,'' any agreement addressing these issues would not be protected under fast-track rules but would be subject to amendment, filibuster, and other procedural rules that could prevent them from ever seeing the light of day.  Additionally, even in those cases where a country has derogated or failed to enforce environmental or labor laws, S. 1269 sets up an impossible enforcement standard. Not only must the United States prove that a country waived or reduced a law or regulation, but it must also prove that it did so to obtain a competitive advantage. Under this legislation, the onus is on the United States to prove a country's motives.  Let me give you some examples of the competitive disadvantage U.S. manufacturers would face, disadvantages the United States would be unable to require other countries to correct:  PCB's and benzene are prohibited in the United States in order to protect public health and safety, but they remain legal, low-cost solvents in Mexico. This reduces a Mexican company's manufacturing and cleanup/disposal costs to the disadvantage of United States companies, but raises significant health risks.  Mexico has a significant problem monitoring and controlling hazardous waste. Less than 20 percent of the industries producing hazardous waste in Mexico, 70 out of 352 industries, report proper hazardous waste disposal. Fewer than 20 percent of those industries meet their obligations. A 1995 report indicates that up to a quarter of all hazardous waste, about 44 tons daily, originating in the industrial border area in Mexico, the maquiladora area, simply disappears with no documented end point. No U.S. companies could get away with that. But companies in Mexico are able to get away with, undermining public health and safety, and gaining a cost advantage along the way.  In Tijuana, 7 miles south of California, lead and arsenic is, today, collecting in an uncontrolled pile. In the United States, these materials, which are found in every battery, can only be handled in a ``contained or controlled'' environment to protect against leakage, and they are buried in clay or porcelain-lined pits. In Tijuana, no cleanup has occurred.  I would like to offer another example. Molded plastic, such as the simple types of chairs or tables in many backyards, emits toxic fumes during the molding process. In the United States, the fumes must be captured during manufacturing under what's called an exhaust hood. But in Mexico, the cheaper manufacturing process is conducted in open air without an exhaust system, allowing for the release of the harmful toxins.  Now, these are specific, ongoing examples of disparities in environmental standards that serve as either an inducement for manufacturers to lower their standards, or a competitive disadvantage to U.S. manufacturers who are required to meet higher standards to protect public health and safety. They also are part of the sucking sound that Ross Perot described, in which U.S. industries are drawn to Mexico to manufacture, because they don't have to abide by the higher standards in the United States. There is no remedy for this under this fast-track law.  Without a remedy available as part of trade negotiations, these disparities in standards only encourage the flow of more jobs to areas with the lowest standards and, hence, the lowest manufacturing cost. The low-cost areas will include many Asian countries in the future.  Now, I would also like to give you a specific example illustrating the problems and why I feel so strongly. The example involves the California wine industry, which represents 75 percent of the Nation's output of wine and 90 percent of the Nation's wine export products.  NAFTA had an immediate negative impact on the California wine industry. Coincident with NAFTA, Mexico gave Chilean wines an immediate tariff reduction, from 20 to 8 percent, and a guarantee of duty-free status within 1 year. By contrast, United States wines face a 10-year phaseout of a much higher Mexican tariff, disadvantaging them in the Mexican market.  The result was predictable: United States wine exports to Mexico, following NAFTA, dropped by one-third, while Chilean wine exports to Mexico nearly doubled. Chilean wine picked up the market share lost by United States wineries dominated by California.  During the NAFTA debate, the administration pledged, in writing, to correct inequities within 120 days of NAFTA's approval. I would like to quote from a letter from the U.S. Trade Representative:       . . . I will personally negotiate the immediate reduction      of Mexican tariffs on U.S. wines to the level of Mexican      tariffs on Chilean wines and, thereafter, have hem fall      parallel with future reductions in such tariffs.  You would think that at least by today, 3\1/2\ years later, the tariffs would be equal. Not so. Three and one-half years later, they remain enshrined in law and there seems to be nothing we can do about it.  As a matter of fact, as a result of an unrelated trade dispute, Mexico actually raised tariffs on United States wine to the pre-NAFTA level of 20 percent, an increase above the 14 percent rate it had reached. The 20-percent tariff remains in effect today, representing a wipeout of United States market share to the Chilean wine entering Mexico.  From Mexico's standpoint, the strategy is clear. You keep the tariffs up for a period of time, eliminate United States market share, and another country comes in that doesn't face those tariffs and builds up sales and market share. That is exactly what has happened, chapter and verse.  GATT, which I supported, also contained monumental inequities for this important industry. This time, the problem was in the European Union, and this is how it worked. Even though the United States had the lowest tariffs of any major wine producer, United States negotiators agreed in the Uruguay round to drop our tariffs by 36 percent over 6 years, while the world's largest wine producer, the European Union, dropped its tariffs by only 10 percent.  As a result, the current U.S. tariff on all wine products is an average of 2.4 percent, compared to the EU's current average tariff is 13 percent.  GATT also disadvantaged California's entertainment industry, which allowed European restrictions on U.S. programming to persist. Europe didn't accept the GATT commitments on the audio-visual services. Instead, the EUmaintained its 1989 European Union Broadcast Directive, which limits the market for U.S. movies and television broadcasting. France, for example, requires that 40 percent of all feature films and transmission time must be of French origin, while 60 percent must be of EU origin, leaving only 40 percent of the market open for United States competition.  So, you see, GATT and NAFTA, both the product of fast-track during my time here in the Senate, left California industries with significant disadvantages. During those negotiations, I called the administration and I said, ``These are huge industries in my State and they will be hurt under this agreement.'' And I was effectively rolled. Why should I, or any Member of this body, give up our opportunity to stand on this Senate floor and move an amendment to protect an industry within our State?  That is what fast-track does, ladies and gentlemen. That is what fast-track does.  Through fast-track, we knowingly abrogate our responsibility, despite the requirements of the Constitution of the United States, article I, section 8, which gives that authority to the Congress of the United States.  As I said earlier, if I were President, I might want fast-track authority. I am not; I am a U.S. Senator. I am elected to protect the people and the industries and the workers in my State.  Now, there are ways that the legislation can be strengthened. One is to require that tariffs in other countries be reduced first, before we commit to deeper reductions in already lower United States tariff levels. All too often, the price of modest tariff reductions abroad is deeper reductions in the United States. U.S. producers need a level playing field.  Another important area for improvement is stronger enforcement. We need stronger enforcement tools, if trade barriers are not lowered as provided for in the agreement. A recent report from the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan said more effort must be dedicated to enforcement of existing trade agreements.  We can have appropriate environment and labor incentives built into these agreements.  I have always believed that the American dream was that workers on a plant production line, by dint of his or her work, could buy a home, buy a car and earn enough to send his or her kids to school. The American dream, to me, has always been that, by dint of labor, you can have all of the opportunities in this great country.  I didn't run for the U.S. Senate to preside over the diminution of the California worker or the American worker. I didn't run for the U.S. Senate to see that a 60 cents an hour minimum wage standard would prevail. I ran for the U.S. Senate to try to see that this American dream enables somebody, by the dint of their labor, to buy a home, buy a car and send their kids to good schools, so that the next generation can do better than the previous generation. I don't think that is an unrealistic dream. It has always been the dream of America. We can have appropriate environment and labor incentives.  Another area for reform is an effective dispute-resolution process. Farmers face phytosanitary disputes on the border all the time. Arbitrarily, countries and border agents can deny access to products like wheat in China or grapes in Australia or citrus in another country because of some claim somewhere. These barriers may have little basis in science or public health, but may reflect political judgments.  In conclusion, let me only say that I represent a huge State. I don't serve on the Finance Committee. The only opportunity I have to protect the industries and people of my State is the ability to stand up on this floor and introduce an amendment and say to the administration, ``If you do this, I am going to filibuster the bill, I am going to amend the bill, and I am going to protect the people of my State.''  Fast track is a total surrendering of this ability, without knowing what agreements are coming down the pike, without knowing what I am going to be asked to accept, or the industries are going to be asked to do. Fast track has to be reviewed in that framework because that is the true framework in which this decision is going to be made.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  