 President.  And I thank the chairman of the Appropriations Committee.  I rise to support the Byrd position. I believe that to take an automatic cut of an additional $25 billion in real terms with the constraints of this budget would be extraordinarily difficult.  Mr. President, I have just in the last few days participated in several initiatives with respect to cancer, and appeared before Senator Specter's subcommittee on cancer and heard members on both sides of the aisle speak to the goal of doubling cancer research over the next 5 years. I think if this CR remains, any additional dollars for critical health research is really condemned.  Additionally, many of us believe that the bipartisan White House-Congress concordat bringing to this body a bipartisan plan to balance the budget was to be without the CR attached. So just a week ago both sides were cheering about this budget deal. Given the optimism surrounding the announcement, I think it is somewhat disingenuous to include the automatic CR in this legislation.  I think all of us want to avoid another Government shutdown and are willing to do almost anything to prevent a repeat of 2 years ago. But the way to do that is simple. Do what is necessary to pass an appropriations bill on time. And that means compromise. No one wants a Government shutdown. And the fact that a year-long CR was eventually passed following the last shutdown shows that reasonable minds are capable of reaching compromise when there is a will.  The automatic CR essentially means that we do not have to pass another appropriations bill this year. Conceivably we could all pack up and go home. However, the budget deal struck is going to require some very tough decisions, difficult negotiations, some forced compromises. Not everyone is going to get what they want, but I think we all recognize that in the interest of getting the job done we are prepared to sublimate some of our priorities.  The President said he would veto this bill if the automatic CR provision is included when it hits his desk. I cannot think of any clearer reason to drop this then from the bill. The emergency funding carried in this bill is simply too important.  This is a big bill. About $3.4 billion of it goes to California. Additionally, it goes really to people who are just destitute. And we have about 9,000 miles of delta levees, and we have had almost 100 levee breaks, 62 of them substantial. You had areas, 15 square miles, flooded, homes up to their rooftops, orchards of 14,000, 15,000, 16,000 trees at a crack just lost, people losing their homes and their livelihoods.  I really earnestly implore this body not to complicate this bill by attaching the CR.  If the CR is added, there are other things that happen as well.  We have a proposal for 500 additional border guards in 1998. That is on hold; 544 FBI agents delayed; the FAA unable to hire 500 air traffic controllers and 173 security personnel; Pell grants cut by $1.2 billion; funding of Goals 2000 cut by $97 million; Title 1 education, which goes to educate the poorest of youngsters at a time when everybody believes education is a top priority, cut by $320 million; and NIH, cancer research or death-inducing disease research could be cut by $414 million.  So, from the California perspective--I know my colleague and friend, Senator Boxer spoke to this earlier: 48 out of our 58 counties were declared disaster areas--this money is important. It should go. So I am hopeful that the majority will remove the request for the CR.  I am happy to rise to support the distinguished Senator from West Virginia.  