 President, I thank the Senator from Colorado. I'm delighted to see the Senator from New York on the floor. I am hopeful that Senator Faircloth will join us here, since the Senator moved this as an amendment to the appropriations bill in committee. I very much appreciate that and have enjoyed working with him on this matter.  Mr. President, I want to talk for a moment about breast cancer. I think every Member of this body was aware that we unanimously passed a sense-of-the-Senate not too long ago urging that more money be devoted to research for cancer. Also, in the women's community, and, really, I think still the majority population of this country, there is rising and enormous concern about breast cancer.  The amendment I am making today on behalf of myself and a number of others. I want to mention that just before the recess, in this very Chamber, 51 Senators said they would cosponsor the breast cancer research stamp bill (S. 726) which creates a breast cancer research stamp with 1 cent above the rate of first-class postage. Members thought it was a good idea. Well, I need to move this because I very much fear it will not happen if I don't take the opportunity that we have today to bring this matter forward.  Let me begin by saying that this is a wellspring from the breast cancer community. This measure is supported by the American Cancer Society, the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, Association of Operating Room Nurses, California Health Collaborative, the YWCA, and I could go on and on.  Representative Fazio in the House has introduced the same legislation with 100 cosponsors in January of this year. It is my understanding that Representative Molinari talked to the Speaker and is putting it on a calendar which will move it rapidly in the House.  The idea for this legislation came from a physician in Sacramento, CA, an oncologist; and Representative Fazio brought it to the attention of the House as the original sponsor. This oncologist has treated some 1,000 women for breast cancer. And he, like physicians all over this country in the health community, has seen a really startling rise in breast cancer. In the 1950's, 1 in 20 women developed breast cancer. Today, the incidence is one in eight, and growing. It kills 46,000 women a year. Every 12 minutes an American woman dies of breast cancer. It is the leading cause of cancer death for women between the ages of 35 and 52, and it is the second leading cause of death in all women.  So, today, 1.8 million women in America are diagnosed with breast cancer, and 1 million women, in addition to that, don't know they have breast cancer. This year, 184,300 new breast cancer cases will be diagnosed, and 17,100 of those in California.  One of the interesting things is that the breast cancer rates differ throughout the United States. The San Francisco Bay Area has one of the highest breast cancer rates in the world. Rates in the Northeastern United States are substantially higher than in the South. Some believe in the medical community that environmental factors may contribute as much as 90 percent to breast cancer. The rates vary among countries. Women in Japan have about five times less breast cancer than women in the United States. And when people migrate they tend to acquire the cancer rates closer to those of the newly adopted countries within a generation. So within a generation, we find that reduced tendency for cancer increases.  We have invested as a country, about $2 million in breast cancer research. The funding has quadrupled since 1990. There is still no cure. The national commitment to cancer research has been stagnant since 1980. Today, NIH can fund only 23 percent of their applications. The NIH budget is less than 1 percent of the Federal budget. And I believe the latest polls show that 80 percent of the people of this country believe that cancer research and medical research is an appropriate cause of action for the Federal Government.  The National Cancer Institute in 1996 could fund 26 percent of their applications. That is a drop from 32 percent in 1992.  So the idea came from Sacramento, from the oncologist who treated 1,000 women with breast cancer. What if we had a unique trial project, an optional stamp of 1 cent above whatever the first class rate was, where breast cancer groups and women all across this Nation who care have the option to buy that stamp, and 1 cent would go for breast cancer research? The administration costs incurred by the post office would be absorbed by that additional 1 cent.  I have had an occasion to discuss this with the Postmaster General. He is not in favor of it. He is not in favor of it because it has not been done before. And it has not been done because there are those that say, ``If we do it for this, why don't we do it for that? If we do it for women, we should to it for men.''  Well, we are in an era of diminishing resources. We all know that. Everybody has looked at cuts. This is not a cut. This is a unique thing. It is a trial project. If it works, we learn something from it. If it doesn't work, no money is lost from the Federal Treasury, or from the post office.  One of the things I believe every Member of this body has seen, whether it is in ``The Race for the Cure'' or the women that come into our offices, is a very unusual resilience in the breast cancer survivor community. They are climbing mountains, they are showing they can survive. They have banded together in support groups. It is a wonderfully unusual thing. They would like this to be done. They are in these Halls lobbying for it. They are in my office. I know they are in Senator Faircloth's office, and they have been in other offices saying, ``Give us a chance. We will use this as fundraisers. We will go out and buy first-class stamps for a cent above the rate. We will sell them to our members. We will get our members to do this.''  I think it is a worthy trial. It is a worthy project. Whether it works, I don't know. They tell me that if 10 percent of the first-class stamps were bought through this option it would produce $60 million. I don't know whether it will or not. I know that there is an enthused, energized community out there. You may see them wearing one design for a breast cancer stamp on their lapels, walking around the Capitol. I know that they care and care very deeply.  When I first introduced the bill earlier this year, I had some sponsors on the bill. They came to me, and said, ``You know, you haven't been working very hard. You only have 6 or 7 co-sponsors.'' So because we were on the floor for 3 hours before the Fourth of July break, I went around to each member, and 51 Senators said, ``Yes.'' They would vote for it. ``Put my name down.'' And I did. They are on this piece of paper in front of me.  This is an opportunity to cast that vote. This is an opportunity to try something new.  People will come before us and say, ``Oh, my goodness. If we do this for breast cancer, we should do it for prostate cancer.'' Well, maybe we should. I don't know. But the proposal out there is this one, and it is all throughout the United States now.  People will say, ``Oh. Why don't we do it for AIDS?'' Well, the breast cancer community has made this proposal. They are united about it. They want to try it.  I have agreed to sponsor it in the Senate. Senator Faircloth has agreed to be a cosponsor, along with Senator D'Amato, Senator Kent Conrad, Senator Tom Harkin, Senator Feingold, Senator Johnson, Senator Kerry, Senator Mack, Senator Reid, Senator Thurmond, and Senator Torricelli. I can't put all of the 51 names on this because I didn't specifically say it would be an amendment. I said, a bill.  So I am told I should call everybody again. But I believe there is the opportunity. I think the case has been made, if you see what happens to women afflicted with breast cancer. And you see this amazing surviver community and what they are willing to do. In a way, this stamp is a tribute to that kind of resolute spirit that can conquer what for many has been a mortal disease.  So I am hopeful, Mr. President, despite those who I know on the Appropriations Committee that do not want to see this happen. They don't want to do it on this bill. But if it doesn't happen here, perhaps it won't, and we will send out a message to the breast cancer survival community that we will not try anything new.  If you have a disease, you will try anything to get rid of it. I think this body should try one new thing, and let's see if it works, and let's see if we can produce 60, 70, 80, or 90 million new dollars for breast cancer research.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  