 President, on October 31, 2002, the U.S. Customs Service published regulations requiring sea carriers to provide cargo manifests 24 hours prior to the lading of containerized cargo at foreign ports for shipment to the United States. In short, since December 2, 2002, the Customs Service has been asking for a detailed list of all cargo entering a U.S. port and detailed information regarding the shipper. This will allow Customs agents to identify at-risk cargo, thus making our ports safer.  My State of Washington includes the ports of Seattle and Tacoma. These ports combined represent the Nation's third largest intermodal container gateway. So I applaud this initiative, which will allow customs agents the opportunity to identify at risk cargo, while expediting the process for low-risk cargo.  Having said that, I am concerned that if this rule is not adopted by the Customs authorities in countries with whom we share a border, we could actually make our borders even less secure. There is a substantial flow of overseas containerized goods coming over the Canadian and Mexican borders, especially the Canadian border, into the U.S. annually. If those goods are not subject to the 24-hour rule, as overseas containerized goods coming through U.S. ports are, we have defeated the intent of the rule. In addition, we are actually providing an incentive for shippers to use the Canadian or Mexican gateways instead of bringing their goods through U.S. ports. This scenario hurts us in two ways. First, it diminishes the security at our borders if the same rules do not apply to overseas containerized goods coming through Canada or Mexico, and second, if shipping lines flock to ports located in our northern and southern neighbors to bring goods into the U.S. due to the ``hassle factor,'' it takes jobs and the potential for economic growth from our communities.  For this reason, I am gratified to learn that the Canadian government is in the process of considering port security regulations of its own. U.S. Customs has thus far been able to work successfully with Canadian Customs on programs such as the Smart Border Accord, the Container Security Initiative, and the Customs Trade Partnership Against Terrorism effort.  So I am asking the distinguished Senators from Colorado and North Dakota regardless of whether the Canadian Government does or does not implement a similar advanced manifest information requirement, to with me to see our Government require the same manifest information on all container traffic that is destined to the United States on a through-bill-of-lading via a Canadian or Mexican port.  