 President, the Governors' letter urges Congress to give the States time to determine the impact on their Medicaid programs before enacting sweeping changes in how we treat Medicaid beneficiaries and how States pay for coverage for low-income seniors and the disabled.  So under this plan, if States save money by shifting drug costs from Medicaid to Medicare, States have to give a portion of those savings that they get back to the Federal Government every year.  Many States, such as Washington, have stepped up to the plate and have tried to fill the gap in Medicare by providing affordable, comprehensive prescription drug coverage through Medicaid for people who are eligible for both programs.  Over the past 10 years, as drug costs have rapidly increased, this burden has become overwhelming. Many States are now being forced to scale back their coverage in access.  In 2002, Washington State spent an estimated $212.8 million on drug costs for people who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. That was a huge strain on my State.  Under this plan we are considering, the States will see some relief by shifting Medicaid beneficiaries to Medicare for drug coverage. But, unfortunately, the plan gives with one hand and takes back with the other.  Washington State, under this plan, will be forced to surrender much of the savings it sees back to the Federal Government. That could reduce Washington State's Federal Medicaid dollars by almost $2 billion from 2006 to 2013. That could devastate the entire program and result in further Medicaid reductions for low-income children and families. It could force the State to again implement reductions in provider payments for doctors, hospitals, and nursing homes.  A $2 billion give-back, just for my State, will mean more uninsured, lower provider payments, and more children losing any health care safety net they have today.  Let's not forget that States will be handed a massive new administration burden under this plan. Washington State will now have to administer new asset tests to determine who qualifies under Medicare for low-income assistance. These tests are extremely restrictive and will result in many low-income seniors being pushed into higher income categories.  Under the conference agreement, assets will be limited to $6,000 for a single person and $9,000 for a married couple.  In order to get any additional financial assistance under this plan, many seniors and the disabled will be forced to impoverish themselves and give up almost everything they have worked so hard to earn. Even if the States want to provide a more humane benefit or assistance, they will not be allowed to do so.  Now, many of us fought to provide relief to States just this year by temporarily increasing the Federal Medicaid match. This was a critically important fight to save Medicaid and prevent massive Medicaid cuts on doctors and hospitals. Our success in achieving a small measure of relief is now being undone by imposing an even greater burden on the States.  Finally, Mr. President, this bill will punish Washington State even further in Medicare payments. For several years, I have been working to address the geographic disparities that punish providers and seniors in my State of Washington. For years, Washington State has received unfair treatment.  Today, Washington State ranks 41st in the Nation in Medicare payments per beneficiary. We are being penalized because we have a tradition of low-cost, efficient health care, and healthy seniors. Medicare should reward that. Instead, its outdated reimbursement formulas are causing doctors to leave my State or close their practices to new Medicare patients.  I have spoken at great length on the Senate floor before about this, and I have introduced legislation to correct that inequity. But under this bill, the situation would be even worse.  Washington State would fall from 41st in the Nation to 45th in the Nation. Even though there will be a slight increase in payments to Washington, because of what happens to other States, we end up falling even further behind. This is a fundamental shift in the Medicare entitlement, in exchange for a very weak benefit.  Philosophically, this plan goes in the wrong direction. We should be strengthening the foundation of Medicare, not experimenting with imposing a new health care system on seniors.  This plan undermines the role of the Federal Government in ensuring that every senior can live with the dignity and respect and stability they deserve. It could force seniors into an overly restrictive, ever-changing health system.  Let's not forget why Medicare was enacted in the first place. It was created because the private insurance market failed seniors and the disabled. Coverage was sporadic, expensive, and unpredictable. Medicare, when it was enacted, changed all of that for our Nation's seniors. Now I am afraid we are flirting with that original failed model. I believe we can do better.  During my time in the Senate, I have been proud to work on prescription drug coverage--from helping to draft the MEND Act in the 106th Congress to working on the Budget Committee over the past 4 years to fund prescription drugs.  I was proud to support the Graham-Miller-Kennedy bill in the 107th Congress that would have provided an affordable, reliable, comprehensive prescription drug benefit as part of Medicare. We had a chance to do much better.  I believe a prescription drug benefit ought to be a seamless part of Medicare. It should be treated just like a doctor's office visit or an outpatient surgical procedure.  By implementing a seamless, affordable benefit as part of Medicare, as we did when we added the Part B benefit, we would guarantee that all seniors have access to the same level of care, regardless of their health status or their age or their income or their assets or where they live. That access would be stable, and it would be predictable.  I know we can do this. Many of us in this Chamber, on both sides of the aisle, have worked to significantly boost our investment in NIH funding. We have fought to reform and modernize the FDA to ensure timely approval of new, lifesaving drugs. I want all of my seniors and disabled constituents to benefit from those kinds of investments.  Under the plan before us today, I cannot be sure they will reap the rewards of this Federal investment.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Grassley). The Chair is responding to the request that the Senator be notified when she has 5 minutes left.  