 President, I have been fighting for a real prescription drug benefit for years. In the 106th Congress, I helped draft the MEND Act, and year after year I have used my seat on the Budget Committee to set aside money for a good drug benefit. I voted for several Medicare prescription drug bills, including S. 1 last June and the Graham-Miller-Kennedy bill in the last Congress. I have written and I have introduced legislation to make Medicare more fair to the people of my home State of Washington. I have worked to improve health care for seniors on the HELP Committee, on the Labor-HHS appropriations subcommittee, and here on the Senate floor.  After all of these years of work, no one wants prescription drug benefits more than I do. But I am very troubled by the proposal that is now before us.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan could force seniors and the disabled into an overly restrictive health care rationing regime in which they could lose their choice of doctors just to get a pretty meager drug benefit.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan could tell our seniors they must give up the good retirement health plan they have worked all of their lives to earn.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan could leave our seniors and disabled at the mercy of ever-increasing premiums.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan could tell patients who have complex medical conditions they cannot get direct access to specialists they need to see.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan could tell patients with MS, or Parkinson's disease, or ALS they can't get the drugs they need because their plan will not cover them.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan could tell our rural seniors they will have to roll the dice on how they receive health care coverage because this is not a real choice in their communities.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan would tell disabled Americans who are fighting poverty that the drugs they get today can be off limits tomorrow.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan would tell seniors if their drugs cost more than $2,300, they won't get a dime of help until they pay $3,600 out of their own pockets.  I am unhappy at the prospect that this plan could break the promise that Medicare has had for our seniors and our disabled since 1965.  This isn't just about plans and formularies and medical services areas; this is about people. It is about our parents and our grandparents and generations of Americans coming behind us.  I have sat down with seniors in my State, and I have heard how badly they need a real drug benefit. Just last August, I met with more than 200 seniors in Edmonds, WA, at the South County Senior Center. They told me in their own words just how important the drug benefit is.  During this debate, I have listened to my colleagues. I have listened to seniors and the disabled in Washington State. I have heard from doctors and hospitals at home. I have read the key provisions in the package, and I have reviewed the Congressional Budget Office estimates. Without a doubt, this is one of the most complex and controversial proposals this Congress has considered.  One needs only to review what happened in the House a few days ago to see how controversial and political the vote was. What occurred during that vote speaks volumes about the failures of this bill and the lengths the majority will go to in order to pass this flawed measure.  At the end of the allocated time for that vote in the House, the bill had been rejected. But the majority leadership refused to close that vote. They held it open for many more minutes, and those minutes turned into hours, and finally at about 6 o'clock in the morning, after holding that vote open for 3 hours, the majority managed to pressure a few Members to switch their votes.  An issue this important deserves a thorough debate. I am troubled that it appears as though this bill is being railroaded through Congress on twisted arms and backroom pressure.  When I look at Social Security and Medicare, I don't just see a program, I see a promise. It is a promise from one generation to the next. It is a promise from our Government to our seniors. And it is a promise that reflects our values.  Coupled with Social Security, Medicare is the most important antipoverty program ever. In fact, before Medicare, in 1963, 44 percent of our seniors were uninsured. Today, it is just 1 percent. In 1966, 29 percent of seniors lived in poverty. Today, it is down to about 10 percent. Since 1960, life expectancy for those over 65 has increased by 25 percent.  Medicare is a success story. It promised our seniors that they will have health care security, regardless of their ability to pay, regardless of where they live, and regardless of their medical condition.  Not only has Medicare helped seniors, but it forms the foundation of all of our health care. Medicare helps train our doctors. Medicare payments help keep our rural hospitals open. And Medicare helps keep emergency rooms and neonatal units operating. Medicare is open to every doctor and every hospital. It doesn't force providers into restricted networks. It lets doctors make decisions based on what their patients need--not on some mandate from some accountant.  It is troubling to think of what rural America would be today and whether inner-city trauma centers would even be in existence today without Medicare.  Let us not forget the reason we created Medicare in the first place. The market failed our seniors.  I approach this debate with a clear understanding of the importance of Medicare to our seniors and to our entire health care system. When I look at this bill, I want to know what it means to the seniors I represent. So far, I have found five big dangers for Washington State seniors.  First, this plan jeopardizes the health benefits retirees have earned during their working years. In Washington State, 47,250 seniors could lose their retiree health benefits. In return, they get much less coverage and they will pay for more than they had planned.  This plan is an unpredictable benefit that requires huge out-of-pocket costs and has massive gaps in coverage. This bill changes the ground rules on seniors in the middle of their golden years, and that is just not right.  Second, seniors could be forced into an overly restrictive health care rationing regime if they want a drug benefit. On paper, it looks as if seniors have a choice. That is what the proponents keep repeating. When we take a closer look, we see what is going on. Supporters claim that seniors can stay in traditional Medicare, but that isonly if insurance companies decide to offer drug-only plans. They could offer drug-only plans, but the affordability of those plans is unknown and unknowable. That is because there is no limit on how much a plan can charge, so seniors will not be protected from price gouging.  On paper it may look as if seniors get a choice, but in reality many will face a new system that rations their health care in exchange for a very small drug benefit. Seniors could get fewer choices and less coverage than they have today. They will face fewer choices because of an imposed system of rationing that may not let them pick their own doctor, and they will have less coverage because the plans they will be forced into do not need to cover every drug that is medically necessary.  Third, if you get a chronic, life-threatening disease such as cancer or AIDS, you are not guaranteed the drugs you need. Here is what one client of The Lifelong AIDS Alliance in Washington State had to say:       The current bill as it is written will affect me personally      as it limits the drugs I can have access to because it only      allows for up to two drugs under the prescription part of the      bill. Since I am on a multiple-drug regimen, I will not have      access to the other life-saving drugs that I will have to      take to stay HIV healthy.  Those are the chilling words of one of my constituents who is HIV positive and understands what this bill will mean for him. That is why AIDS service providers in my State oppose this bill.  In addition, if you need access to a clinical trial, forget it. This bill does not require any plan to give you access to experimental treatments.  This plan will mean fewer choices and less coverage for millions of seniors.  Fourth, this bill is especially bad for seniors and disabled Americans who are fighting poverty. Today, about 6 million Americans are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. Through these two programs, they get the coverage for the drugs they need. But this new bill we are looking at strips away what is known as wraparound coverage. In Washington State, that means about 92,000 people will get less coverage than they have today. That is just in my State. Those are the most vulnerable among us, the very people Medicare and Medicaid were designed to protect.  Fifth, there is a huge gap in coverage. Many seniors will see a big hole in their coverage. Payments will not stop. What you have to pay will not stop, but your coverage will. If your drugs cost you more than $2,250 a year, you will get zero help until you spend a total of $3,600 out of your own pocket. You get no coverage, but you still have to pay the premium.  When you look at what the average Medicare beneficiary spends for drugs, this coverage gap gets even worse. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, in 2003, the average Medicare beneficiary paid $2,322 for prescription drugs. If you spend the average, you are already in the coverage gap. Those figures were included in the Los Angeles Times article that appeared in the Seattle Times on November 21. They show that the average senior will end up with a gap in coverage from which few seniors will ever emerge.  When I ask, what does this bill mean for the seniors I represent, I am pretty troubled by the answers. I am troubled this could force 47,000 seniors in Washington State to give up the retiree health benefits they have worked for their entire lives. I am troubled this could force seniors in Washington State into overly restrictive health care rationing, to get a limited drug benefit and to lose their choice of doctor. I am troubled this could force patients with cancer, AIDS, and other life-threatening diseases into a system that will deny them the drugs they need. I am troubled this could force 92,000 low-income seniors or disabled Washingtonians out of Medicaid into a market where they lose access to the drugs they get today. I am troubled this could force millions of seniors into a coverage gap where they have to spend more than $3,600 out of their own pocket without getting coverage or benefits.  This bill is also bad for Washington State in seven ways:  It could result in unequal benefits throughout Washington.  It could force providers and seniors to reevaluate their participation every single year, and they will get very little in return for that added unpredictability.  It could encourage seniors who are healthier and financially secure to leave traditional Medicare.  It could undermine Medicaid in Washington State.  It could require my State to send to the Federal Government a very large chunk of the savings it realizes.  It could force Washington State to manage new bureaucracies to test the assets of seniors in my home State.  And it could put Washington State even further down the list in Medicare reimbursements per beneficiary.  Let me walk through how this program would work to show how it is bad for my home State. Under this plan, the country will be divided into as many as 50 regions. States such as Washington could be divided into as many as three regions. Within these new, undefined regions, private insurance plans would be able to run the Medicare Program--not just the drug benefit, but Part A and Part B of the Medicare Program as well.  Washington State will be an attractive market for the PPOs and HMOs because we have areas that are healthier and wealthier and a tradition of health care delivery.  Currently, Washington State has one of the highest Medicare+Choice participation rates in the country with 18 percent of Medicare beneficiaries receiving Medicare through a Medicare+Choice plan.  Washington State also has a long tradition of managed and efficient care, so we will be a prime target for the new PPOs and HMOs. That means Medicare benefits in my State, just within my State, will vary from region to region and county to county depending on where you live. In theory, seniors in my home State may have more choices, but they give up a guarantee of a defined benefit.  Providers in Washington State could also face the same changes and uncertainty. Every year, seniors in Washington State would have to evaluate each insurance plan to find the one that best meets their needs.  Here are some of the things seniors every year in my State will have to figure out. While not knowing what medical conditions they may confront, they will have to figure out how much they have to pay out of pocket. Without knowing what their future holds, they will have to predict what providers they will be able to see. Without knowing, they will have to figure out what doctors have dropped out of their plan or may drop out, what restrictions will be on drug coverage, what their copayments will be, what plan formulary includes expensive new drugs, what hospitals are in their network.  That is an awful lot to figure out, especially since health plans, as we all know, are never written in plain English and no one knows what medical conditions they may confront in their future.  Today, Medicare provides predictability. An 85-year-old woman in her home knows what Medicare provides. Under the Medicare+Choice plan, seniors got more than they gave up.  I do want to state there have been some managed care success stories in my home State. We have some great providers in Washington State that led the way in providing innovative, comprehensive care that puts the focus on patients, not profits. But overall, we need to think how this plan would expand the Medicare+Choice model.  Medicare+Choice has worked only in limited parts of Washington State. A total of 131,391 seniors in Washington State participate in these plans. But they are not open to all seniors and they are limited to a very few select regions. Even in this limited program, we have seen significant changes and instability just within Washington State. I am not at all convinced this is a model we should now expand for all seniors and disabled.  If these new plans that are coming in attract higher income, healthier seniors, we need to ask, what will be left of traditional Medicare? I am afraid traditional Medicare will begin to look more and more like Medicaid.  The prospects for this plan are deeply troubling. They could have a massive financial impact on Washington State.  I will turn to how this plan will affect Washington State and its Medicaid Program.  I received a letter from the Democratic Governors' Association. It is signed by three Governors, including Governor Locke of Washington.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that letter be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  