 Laura wrote:       I really need to know what is being done not only in the      State of Washington, but in Congress to acknowledge workers      who have lost their jobs.       Millions of us are going to lose our homes!       Throughout my life, I have done all the right things to      stay current with the job market.       In spite of this fact and having a college degree, I lost      my job after 9/11 when my company closed the northwest branch      office due to the economic downturn.       Now, a year and one-half later, I find that I do not fit in      all the niches for acquiring employment retraining because I      am not on welfare, I haven't been employed by Boeing, I am      not a dislocated homemaker, and I am not a veteran.       Please let me know what is being done to help the      unemployed in this country when the unemployment insurance      runs out.       For the first time in my life, I am also without medical      benefits.  I think Laura Perry deserves 30 hours of time on the Senate floor.  Let me read a letter from Marshall Dunlap of Kent, WA, a suburb out of Seattle. He writes to me:       Please support the upcoming bill to extend unemployment      benefits to those who have lost our jobs.       It doesn't help the economy when millions of us are about      to become homeless.       I would prefer a job but until the economy recovers I am      finding this impossible.       I am a high tech worker and have no other skills.       I am 53 years old and have very few options.       For every job I apply for there are hundreds of other      applicants.       Once the economy comes back, I'm sure I'll be able to      support myself but without help until that happens I will      lose my house.       I know I am not alone so imagine the problem multiplied by      millions.       There are over 97,000 people unemployed in the Puget Sound      are alone. Please help.  That is from Mr. Marshall Dunlap, in Kent, WA.  I think Marshall would prefer we were spending 30 hours talking about how we are going to help him get back into the workforce and able to provide for his family.  Here is a letter from Ronnie Harper of Kingston, WA:       Thank you very much for working to extend UI benefits in      the state of Washington.       I moved here 6 years ago to enter the technology market,      which I did immediately upon my arrival.       Unfortunately, things turned sour at Hasbro last year      because people stopped buying toys, and I was laid off after      5.5 years of exemplary service.       I have been working extremely hard over the past year to      find another job; a job that is in the IT industry with a      competitive compensation package.       My efforts have been practically fruitless, with most      employers even refusing to discuss their reasons for not      considering me for their open positions, and many filling      posted positions internally.       At this point, I am on my last week of unemployment      insurance, and I have mouths to feed. I hope very much that      this bill is successful, please keep us posted!  That is from Ronnie Harper in Kingston, WA.  Unfortunately, I need to add that since he wrote this letter to me, Mr. Harper has now exhausted his benefits. That is why I think this Senate needs to act and why we should be spending 30 hours of debate time talking about how we are going to help Mr. Harper.  Mr. President, how much time do I have left?  