 President, the amendment I offer is the one I spoke about earlier today. Clearly, we are in a very important day in the history of this country, and really of this world, as we wait to find out what is going to happen in Iraq. All of our thoughts and prayers are with the young men and women who wait, as we do, to see what is going to happen. Certainly our country is anxious and on edge, and we all hope they are successful. We all hope this endeavor leaves us where this country needs to be. But certainly a lot else is going on as well.  Here we are on the floor of the Senate debating a budget resolution that has been put forward by the majority party.  I am one of those who come to the Chamber to express my serious concern that the budget before us does not include any funds to pay for the war in Iraq, nor does it pay for the peace we hope will ensue afterwards. We do not know what the cost is going to be. Yet hidden inside this budget is a major tax cut that will make it impossible for us to be able to provide what is important for the country, whether it is a war in Iraq or, as my constituents are worried about, a conflict in North Korea, if one occurs there as well.  Also, in this budget we are looking at tremendous cuts to the education of our young children. It is especially important today, as we face the uncertain future of where we go from here, that we give some certainty to the children in our classrooms, because now more than ever we need to make sure they have a solid education, that they are capable of making it through school with the skills they need so they can help get our economy back on track and make us strong for whatever future conflict the country may find itself in, but also so they can be productive adults.  Not very long ago this body passed a bill called No Child Left Behind. It was a promise from the President and all of us who worked on it that we would put in place for the first time strong accountability rules for the public education system. We would hold schools, teachers, and principals accountable to make sure our students met the high standards we were setting. But that was not all the legislation promised. It also promised that we would fund what was necessary to help our children reach those goals.  It promised that every classroom would have a high-quality teacher. That is a problem in our country today where many teachers are in classrooms where they don't have the skills they need to teach the subjects they are required to teach. It requires in this bill that we have a highly qualified teacher in every classroom. That doesn't just happen. It happens because we make sure the resources are there to do it. Without the money to make that happen, we have passed on an unfunded mandate to the States.  We said in No Child Left Behind that children will be in an environment where they can learn. Far too many children are in classrooms that have 35 or 40 children in first, second, and third grade classrooms. 