 President, I rise to alert my colleagues and the public to a secret effort by the White House to quash the rights and eliminate the jobs of thousands if not millions of Federal workers.  Right now, the White House is actively working behind the scenes--in closed-door meetings--to reverse a bipartisan agreement that House and Senate appropriators reached just 12 days ago. And I regret to say, the President's operatives appear to be succeeding.  I rise to expose these backroom efforts because I believe all taxpayers should be made aware of the White House's efforts.  If the White House prevails in this scheme, Federal jobs could be contracted out even if it costs taxpayers more money, Federal workers will have to compete to keep their jobs with their hands tied behind their backs, and Federal workers will not be able to appeal a decision to contract out their job while private companies can appeal a decision that doesn't go their way.  If the White House gets everything it wants, Federal workers could actually lose their jobs and see that work shipped overseas. This administration has sent enough good American jobs overseas. It is outrageous that this White House is now questioning our agreements which ensure that the work of the American Government is done by workers here in America.  When it comes to allowing Federal workers to compete to keep their jobs, the White House does not want a level playing field. That's why they're engaging in all these backroom deals, and that's why the White House has seen to it that the bipartisan Transportation/Treasury conference report has never been filed.  What kind of Federal workers am I talking about here? I am talking about people who protect our borders and keep terrorists off U.S. soil; people who purchase and maintain equipment for our troops, both here and overseas; people who help us get the Social Security checks, or price support payments, or unemployment insurance payments that we are eligible for; people who make sure our food is safe; and many, many more.  These are hard-working Americans that serve the taxpayer everyday and deserve a fair shot at keeping their jobs. But, as my colleagues know, for some time the Bush administration has been trying to eliminate Federal jobs through what it calls ``competitive sourcing.'' This policy is highly controversial and with good reason.  Just look at what happened to Federal employees of the Defense Finance Accounting Service in Ohio: Their work was contracted out to a company in Dallas, TX in January 2002; then the Pentagon's inspector general found that the move saved no money and actually cost the taxpayer an additional $20 million; and now that work is being shipped to yet another contractor.  So this entire policy of contracting out Federal work needs much more scrutiny and oversight. But instead of allowing a balanced set of rules to be put in place to avoid the situation I just described, the Bush administration is working to undermine it.  Let me review some of the recent events to show why this effort by the White House is so disturbing. On May 29 of this year, the Bush administration issued revisions to OMB's Circular A-76. This is the circular that dictates the terms and conditions through which executive agencies can privatize activities currently performed by Federal employees.  These revisions were highly controversial and were designed in many ways to undermine the efforts of Federal employees to keep their jobs. The fairness of these revisions was questioned, and not just by Democrats and the Federal employee unions. Several House and Senate Republicans identified flaws, including the chairmen of the relevant authorizing committees and subcommittees.  When the Transportation, Treasury and General Government Appropriations bill was brought to the House Floor, Representative Van Hollen offered an amendment to address these flaws. The Van Hollen amendment was adopted on a bipartisan vote of 220-198. The Van Hollen amendment effectively suspended the President's new OMB circular. It required any contracting out activities to be conducted according to the older A-76 rules. Immediately, the White House threatened a veto, so the Senate took a different approach.  During Senate debate, we adopted an amendment offered by Senator Mikulski and Senator Collins, the authorizing committee chairman. The Senate also adopted an amendment offered by Senator Thomas and Senator Voinovich, the authorizing subcommittee chairman.  The substance of both amendments centered on putting some basic fairness into the contracting out process--especially the process through which Federal employees and private contractors submit bids to retain Federal work and how those bids are compared. In some cases, the amendments reflected language that the President had already signed into law or that the Congress had already adopted on the Department of Defense and Department of Interior appropriations bills.  When the conference committee convened to reconcile these two very different bills, we all recognized that the Van Hollen amendment could not be included in the conference report because of the President veto threat, so we put together a thoughtful and fair compromise. Our compromise was designed to provide a level playing-field between Government contractors and Federal employees. Our compromise ensured fairness in five ways.  First, the compromise ensured that the rules pertaining to all the Federal agencies would be the same. Second, the compromise ensured that the administration would have to demonstrate that there are real cost savings that would result from a privatization effort before Federal employees lost their jobs to the private sector. Third, the compromise ensured that Federal employees--and not just private contractors--would have the opportunity to appeal a potentially wrongful decision to contract out work. Fourth, the compromise ensured that no jobs that are contracted out would be transferred overseas. And fifth, the compromise ensured that Government employees have the opportunity to put together their best and most efficient bid in order to compete to keep their jobs.  In other words, they do not just need to submit a bid based on the way they currently operate. They could propose new efficiencies to make their bid competitive so that all taxpayers benefit.  As I said, this was a thoughtful, carefully crafted compromise in which neither side got everything they wanted.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of my remarks, the bill language reflecting this bipartisan compromise be printed in the Record.  