 President, I would ask the Senator from Oklahoma if he intends to use all his time.  Mr. President, I know many Senators are waiting to vote. I will just make a few more comments. I know Senator Nickles intends to raise a budget point of order.  Let me say in response to the comments made in opposition to the Murray amendment that we will be voting on shortly, that we on this side, Democrats, have brought this issue up time and again.  That is because our economy is struggling. That is because we have families at home who have been laid off, who have run out of unemployment insurance. We would love to have a debate on how to increase jobs. Democrats believe investing in transportation that provides infrastructure and new jobs is critical. Democrats believe investing in education, getting our economy going again is an important way to provide jobs for people. And there are other investments we believe would be helpful in providing jobs. We have not had the debates. We have been thwarted at every turn.  As a result, we have people at home who have been laid off. In the last 5 consecutive months we have lost jobs. We cannot continue to ignore those people at home who are out of work, who have run out of unemployment insurance, who cannot pay their mortgage, put food on the table, are becoming even more of a drag on our economy because they can't contribute back. We believe by extending unemployment benefits we will at least help them in the temporary.  We welcome a debate on getting jobs and the economy going again. We have been waiting for that discussion. We have had time to have a tax cut debate. We have seen that has not produced the kinds of jobs we need. In fact, 3.5 million Americans have lost their jobs since this President took office. We want to have a jobs program. But at this point that has not occurred.  What we now have is more than 1 million Americans who have run out of their unemployment insurance. The time is right. We hear this violates the Budget Act. I welcome my colleagues to go home and say to a young family whose father or mother has lost their job, who are struggling every single day with tears in their eyes, that this violates the Budget Act or this is not the right time or the right bill. We can do this, and we can do it now.  I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.  I tell our colleagues on the other side as long as this economy struggles, as long as people are losing unemployment insurance benefits, we are going to continue to bring this issue back to the floor. We would like to have a jobs program. We would like to see jobs increased. We want to have the debate. Right now we need to deal with the immediate.  I ask unanimous consent that Senators Cantwell and Dayton be listed as cosponsors of the Murray amendment.  