 That means we will be giving additional assistance to American workers who have been out of work for 9 months or more.  My amendment provides 7 additional weeks of benefits for unemployed Americans who have already received 26 weeks of benefits because they live in a State hit hardest by the ongoing recession.  Finally, my amendment provides parity to railroad workers currently ineligible for extended benefits.  The amendment before us would cost $2.5 billion, but it would help more than a million American workers and their families.  Mr. President, we are talking about the people in this country who have been hit hardest by this recession. We are talking about workers who have run out of options but still have to pay their mortgage; they still have to pay their medical bills; they still have college tuition to pay.  One recent study concluded that unemployed workers do not have significant savings to carry their families through an extended period of unemployment. Unemployment rates normally replace less than half--50 percent--of lost wages. What this means is unemployed workers are draining their savings accounts just to survive. The problem is even more acute for the long-term unemployed. Many of those have drained their savings entirely. They have nothing left.  Last week's June 2003 unemployment report clearly demonstrates the need for this amendment at this time: 30,000 jobs were lost in the month of June; jobs have been lost for the last 5 consecutive months in this country; more than 394,000 jobs have been lost since January of this year; 9.4 million Americans are now unemployed; 3.4 million Americans have lost their jobs just since President Bush took office.  Mr. President, we will soon be in the longest job recession since the 1930s and the Great Depression. My State of Washington has the second highest unemployment rate in the Nation. The unemployment rate in my State is 7.3 percent, and that is just the official unemployment rate.  One recent business columnist suggested the actual unemployment rate for the State of Washington could be as high as 11.8 percent if you count all of Washington's unemployed workers.  All across Washington--in every sector and every region--we are continuing to see job losses. One recent economic report predicted it would be 2005 before any real job creation occurs in Washington State. That is a long time for people who have been out of work for 9 months or more.  My colleague from Oregon, Senator Wyden, is in the Chamber. He and I share the distinction of being in States with the highest unemployment for the last number of years.  We know when we go home that we are going to be faced by neighbors, by friends in every community across our State who will have been on unemployment, through no fault of their own. They want to be at work. They want to support their families. They want to send their kids to college. They want to pay their mortgages. They want to pay for health care. They do not have jobs. They do not have opportunities. And we have a responsibility to make sure they do not lose everything because of a recession that has been no fault of their own.  Despite the rosy projections of economic growth and recovery that we keep hearing from this administration, we have to tell you there are many real Americans who are suffering through this economy every day.  In my State, there are about 20,000 workers who would benefit from the amendment that is now before the Senate. I have met with these workers who are struggling today. We have lost 35,000 Boeing manufacturing jobs in the last 2 years alone. On an almost daily basis, my office gets calls from workers who are desperate, who have lost their benefits or who will soon lose their unemployment insurance compensation. In fact, yesterday I received a phone call from a gentleman named Richard, and I want to read the message he left my office: He said:       I live on Camino Island. I'm a laid off Boeing worker. I      got laid off a year and a half ago. And I'm in school right      now. My unemployment insurance just ran out. I have 8 months      left of school. . . .I'm really concerned right now. . .      .That money would have been a godsend. I worked for Boeing      for over 12 years.  This could be anyone working hard, raising their family, working for Boeing for 12 years and, through no fault of their own, through an economic recession in this country, through September 11, through a downturn in our airline industry, this gentleman was laid off. He is now trying to get his life back together. He is going to school. He does not want to lose everything. He wants to contribute back to this economy and to this country. He needs us to extend unemployment insurance to give him that kind of assurance that this country is there for him in the good times and in the tough times.  There are a lot of workers, such as Richard from Camino Island, in my State who are losing their benefits. Many of these workers are losing hope in this current economy. This amendment gives more than 1 million American workers and their families new hope, new assurance that their country is there for them.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I urge its adoption this morning on this bill. I thank the Chair.  