 President, my colleagues may be curious about why I am so interested in EPA's decisions regarding vermiculite from Libby.  This issue is important to me because residents in my State are being exposed to asbestos from Zonolite.  And, Mr. President, constituents in your state and every other State in America may also have this insulation.  I am deeply concerned that most people with Zonolite in their homes are completely unaware of this problem. I am afraid most will not learn of it until they have already been exposed to dangerous levels of asbestos. And I am most concerned that this administration may be stifling EPA's efforts to warn homeowners, consumers, and workers because of pressure from W.R. Grace.  And I must remind my colleagues: there is no safe known level of exposure to asbestos. Deadly diseases such as asbestosis, lung cancer and mesothelioma can develop decades after just brief exposures to high concentrations of asbestos.  Ultimately, I believe Administrator Whitman wanted to do the right thing by warning homeowners nationwide to be careful if they have Zonolite in their homes when the agency began removing Zonolite from homes in Libby, MT. But she was stopped. The reasons may never be known--the excuse may be buried in ``executive privilege.''  So where do we go from here?  First, I hope my colleagues will support efforts to get to the bottom of what stopped the EPA from warning the public. We have to increase pressure on EPA, NIOSH, and other public health agencies to raise public awareness about Zonolite.  Second, I hope my colleagues will support legislation to ban asbestos in America and to warn people about the potential dangers posed by Zonolite insulation.  I appreciate the support for this legislation I have received from Senators Baucus, Cantwell, Dayton, and our late colleague, Senator Wellstone, who were original cosponsors.  I have been working to raise awareness about the current dangers of asbestos for over 2 years.  In July of 2001, I chaired a Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on asbestos and workplace safety.  In June of 2002, 2 days after introducing the Ban Asbestos in America Act, I testified at a Senate Environment and Public Works Committee hearing on Libby held by Senator Baucus.  My colleagues may wonder whatever happened to Ralph Busch and his wife Donna.  After reading about Zonolite in the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, Mr. Busch went to get the asbestos removed from his home. He learned it would cost $32,000 to do so.  When he tried to secure compensation from his homeowners insurance to pay to clean up the contamination, his insurance company rejected the claim.  He got nowhere with the company that had inspected the home before hepurchased it. They hadn't known about Zonolite, either.  When he talked to his realtor about trying to sell his house, Mr. Busch's realtor emphasized that Mr. Busch and his wife would be responsible under the law for disclosing the presence of Zonolite to any potential buyer.  According to Mr. Busch, even his realtor--and I quote--``. . . expressed apprehension over entering the house saying he has young children and was fearful of asbestos exposure without a proper respirator . . . this about a house we were living in every day.''  In the end, having exhausted all of his options, Ralph Busch and his wife Donna sacrificed their home to foreclosure, having lost thousands of dollars and their good credit rating. They didn't feel that it was safe to live there anymore, or to bring other people into their home. Finally, they decided to move out of their ``dream house'' in Spokane. To this day, that home remains vacant.  Apart from the tremendous economic loss, Mr. Busch and his wife are concerned for their health. They are left wondering what long-term negative health effects they may suffer as a result of their exposure to asbestos fibers from the insulation.  Mr. Busch has told me, ``I feel like the poster-child for the unsuspecting homeowner who unknowingly set off a time bomb in the process of remodeling his home.''  To this day, Mr. Busch is haunted by words he read in the Spokesman-Review almost three years ago. The March 12, 2000, article, entitled, ``Zonolite's Effects Outlive Plant,'' said this about mesothelioma.       [The disease] inflicts one of the most torturous deaths      known to humankind. Some people require intravenous morphine      to numb mesothelioma's pain. Some need part of their spinal      cord severed. Some are driven to suicide.  If there is a role for Government in people's lives, then it should include protecting the public health. We have an opportunity to protect the public's health so that Ralph Busch and thousands--perhaps millions--of other Americans won't have to be needlessly exposed to the time bomb sitting in their homes, schools, and businesses.  And meanwhile, if you are planning to do work in your attic, look at your insulation carefully first to see if it is vermiculite. You can see pictures of what this insulation looks like by going to EPA's web site, which is www.epa.gov/asbestos/insulation.html.  If you think you have Zonolite, immediately contact EPA to get additional advice about how to handle it. According to EPA's web site, if you think you have Zonolite insulation, leave it alone and not disturb it. And then contact your Representative in Congress and ask him or her to pass legislation to ban asbestos, something we all should have done decades ago. We can make a difference, but we must act today.  