 She says in the article, ``I am afraid of the gangsters. I feel like they are killing me in my nightmares. Every day, I have these nightmares.''  The story of this young girl--one of too many stories--ought to be enough to focus the Congress and the administration on the urgency of the domestic security situation in Iraq.  Have we restored freedom to the Iraqi people when women and girls live in fear of abduction, rape, and murder?  Have we restored freedom to the Iraqi people when women are denied participation in a new Iraqi government and economy because their physical security is threatened every time they go out alone? Have we restored freedom to the Iraqi people when 9-year-old girls are victimized in the most horrifying way?  I want to share with the Senate a passage from the summary of the Human Rights Watch report titled, ``Climate of Fear: Sexual Violence and Abduction of Women and Girls in Baghdad.''  The summary reads:       Many of the problems in addressing sexual violence and      abduction against women and girls derive from the U.S.-led      coalition forces and civilian administration's failure to      provide public security in Baghdad. The public security      vacuum in Baghdad has heightened the vulnerability of women      and girls to sexual violence and abduction. The police force      is considerably smaller and more poorly managed when compared      to prior to the war. There is limited police street presence;      fewer resources available to police to investigate; little if      any record keeping; and many complaints are lost. Many      hospitals and the forensic institute are unable to operate      twenty-four hours a day as they did before the war, thus      preventing women from obtaining medical treatment and the      forensic examinations necessary to document sexual violence      in a timely manner.  The summary concludes with the following,       At the time of writing, plans for Iraq's reconstruction are      taking shape and rights of women and girls are at stake. It      is essential that all parties involved in these plans address      the state's inadequate protection of the rights of women and      girls. Those involved in the reconstruction process should      ensure that any existing and new trends toward treating women      and girls unequally before the law and discouraging women and      girls from reporting sexual violence, or punishing women and      girls for being the victims of sexual violence are countered.  We all know that our troops are faced with dangerous resistance throughout Iraq. Just yesterday, our military leaders acknowledged that we were facing a guerrilla warfare campaign of resistance. We know that our troops are serving honorably in a tremendously difficult environment. All of America is proud of our all volunteer force now serving in Iraq and the region.  Despite the efforts of U.S. personnel, we have not adequately addressed the domestic security crisis in Iraq. We cannot ignore that women and young girls are being victimized with terrible consequences. These crimes do not just affect individual women but the way women are viewed and the role they will play in a new Iraq.  We cannot be silent about the abuse and violence that has come to womenand girls in liberated Iraq. The Schumer amendment is our opportunity today to tell the administration that we will not tolerate silence on the treatment of women and girls in Iraq.  Mr. President, I commend the Senator from New York for bringing this issue to the Senate for the reasons he stated in order to allow us to know when our troops are going to be home. But, as I mentioned, I add another dimension to why it is so important to put a police force and have a trained police force in Iraq and on the ground there.  I would recommend to all of my colleagues that they take the time to pick up the New York Times from yesterday and read the article I referred to, which is a front page article: ``Rape (And Silence About It) Haunts Baghdad.'' I will read from the beginning of that article:       In her loose black dress, gold hairband and purple flip-     flops, Sanariya hops from seat to seat in her living room      like any lively 9-year-old. She likes to read. She wants to      be a teacher when she grows up, and she says Michael, her      white teddy bear, will be her assistant.       But at night, the memory of being raped by a stranger seven      weeks ago pulls her into its undertow. She grows feverish and      has nightmares, her 28-year-old sister, Fatin, said. She      cries, ``Let me go!''       ``I am afraid of the gangsters,'' [she says].  Every one of our colleagues should read the Human Rights Watch report that has just been released titled ``Climate of Fear, Sexual Violence and Abduction of Women and Girls in Baghdad.'' That report says that many of the problems in addressing sexual violence and abduction that are increasing in Iraq against women and girls derived from the United States-led coalition force's and civilian administration's failure to provide public security in Baghdad.  We went to war in Iraq. We have heard everyone say it was to restore freedom. Let's make sure the young girls in Iraq have that security and that freedom as well. They do not have it today. The amendment by the Senator from New York puts us on track. We need to follow this in Iraq. I commend the Senator for the amendment and I thank the manager of the bill for accepting it.  