 President, let me remind my colleagues that this is not one of those situations where we can just make everything OK in conference. My colleagues need to know that while the House of Representatives never passed a transportation bill for the current fiscal year, the House Appropriations Committee did report a bill to the floor, and it included only $762 million for Amtrak. So if we do not restore the funding needed to keep Amtrak alive today, Members should not expect this will be rescued later.  For those of my colleagues who don't want to accept the word of Amtrak's president or even my word on what will happen to Amtrak without this funding, they can look to the words of the Department of Transportation Inspector General. The DOT IG's office conducts an annual audit of Amtrak's finances. They are as familiar with Amtrak's books as anyone in this country.  The DOT IG's office was asked to review every element of Amtrak's request for $1.2 billion. What they concluded, after an extensive review, was that the budget request was indeed flawed. The Inspector General concluded the budget request was $12 million too low.  One thing we know for sure is that Amtrak is not going to get its final appropriation level until almost half the fiscal year has been completed. No observer of Amtrak's financial situation--not the Secretary of Transportation, not the Federal Railroad Administrator, not the DOT IG, no one on the Amtrak board of directors, including the three Republican appointees on that board--no one has put forward a credible argument that Amtrak can absorb a funding cut of this size in themiddle of the fiscal year and do anything other than declare bankruptcy.  So let me remind my colleagues that we are not talking about a bankruptcy like we are experiencing with some of our airlines, such as USAirways and United. Amtrak will not keep operating with the benefit of bankruptcy protection. It will stop the trains, and they will shut their doors.  Members will recall last summer when we faced an Amtrak crisis. The railroad was days away from running out of cash, and we were still working on a supplemental appropriations bill, a bill that would eventually provide $205 million in additional cash for Amtrak to continue operations.  It was not just Amtrak service that was at risk; it was not just the tens of thousands of Amtrak passengers that were going to be left standing on the platform; there were hundreds of thousands of daily transit riders utilizing commuter rail systems from Boston to San Diego, from suburban Virginia to Seattle, WA--systems that depend on Amtrak remaining a viable entity in order to continue their daily operations.  Thankfully, due to the enactment of the supplemental appropriations bill, and a $100 million temporary loan that was extended by the Bush administration, we avoided an Amtrak catastrophe last summer. However, if we enact the bill currently before us without getting the additional $374 million called for under the amendment that is pending, we will once again face that crisis in just a few months' time.  Some of my colleagues in the Senate continue to press their position that Amtrak needs to tighten their belt. Well, Amtrak has been tightening their belt. Since David Gunn took control of the company 8 months ago, hundreds of employees have been let go, certain trains have been eliminated, and dramatic efforts have been initiated to rid the corporation of unnecessary costs. But we need to recognize that the funding level included in the underlying bill for Amtrak is not an exercise in tightening the company's belt. It is a death sentence.  Those who would impose these cuts on the Amtrak budget may have forgotten the experience of September 11, 2001, when our aviation system was brought to a halt for almost a week and travelers flocked to Amtrak trains in order to get to their destinations.  The Senate needs to have a meaningful debate about Amtrak. We need to have a debate that is based on facts. We need to focus on the fact that Amtrak is burdened with a huge debt. We need to focus on the fact that Amtrak has billions of dollars in capital needs on the Northeast corridor and no way to pay for them.  We need to focus on the fact that terminating Amtrak's long distance trains effectively saves the railroad almost no money. We need to have that fact-based debate without the distraction of another Amtrak funding crisis every few months due to congressional budgetary shenanigans.  I was hopeful last year we were going to have that debate. Last year the Senate Commerce Committee, by a vote of 20 to 3, reported an authorization bill for Amtrak calling for funding of just under $4 billion in fiscal year 2003. Not only a majority of Democrats on the Commerce Committee but also a majority of the Republicans on the Commerce Committee supported that bill.  The returning chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, Senator McCain, did not support that bill. However, he did introduce his own Amtrak authorization bill calling for Amtrak funding in fiscal year 2003 to be at the level of $1.3 billion. My amendment would not succeed in providing that level of funding. It would only succeed in providing $1.2 billion.  There is a widely held myth that the principal financial drag on Amtrak's finances is the long distance trains that travel across this country. One of those trains is the Empire Builder which originates in Chicago but provides service between eastern and western Washington, as well.  The fact is, the long distance trains pose a comparatively little cost to Amtrak each year because they carry with them extremely small capital costs. These trains run over tracks that are owned and maintained by the Nation's freight railroads. By comparison, the Northeast corridor between Boston and Washington, DC, is owned by Amtrak and burdens Amtrak with hundreds of millions of dollars in capital costs every year.  Using generally accepted accounting principles, Amtrak's Northeast corridor has not yielded profits, as some are fond of saying. It never has and it never will. In fact, just last year, Amtrak's Northeast corridor lost a total of $367 million.  It is also estimated that the Northeast corridor has a critical maintenance backlog of between $5 and $6 billion. Even the Bush administration concedes that fact.  During a hearing I held on Amtrak's finances last year with the administration and the DOT Inspector General, I asked them about the comparative financial burden of the long distance trains versus the Northeast corridor. DOT Inspector General Ken Mead made the following statement:       Some have suggested that Amtrak's financial woes would go      away if you would cut out the trains outside the Northeast      corridor. That is not true. In fact, the annual net operating subsidy that is required to continue Amtrak's most unprofitable trains is less than one-third of the annual capital subsidy that is required to operate the most profitable trains in the Northeast Corridor.  To those who would say that Amtrak just needs to eliminate its long distance trains to get its finances in order, I tell them to look at the numbers.  Amtrak's own financial analysis of savings associated with eliminating 18 of the long distance trains--those are 18 trains that are considered the worst performers in the national system--would effectively yield zero savings in the first year.  In the second year, the net savings of eliminating all 18 of those trains would only be about $18 million. Only after 5 years would the elimination of those trains yield savings that exceed $200 million.  Let me say that again. If we eliminated all of Amtrak's 18 long distance trains, the railroad would eventually yield savings of $200 million--only after 5 years.  However, the underlying appropriations bill would call on Amtrak to absorb a cut of some $400 million right now, today, with only 9 months left in this fiscal year.  These are the unpleasant facts that no one wants to face.  So I encourage all Members to support this amendment. I would love to tell my colleagues there is an easy way to make significant savings in the Amtrak budget--such as the company could absorb funding reductions this year and next year--but the fact is there is not.  So I ask that we provide stability for Amtrak while we debate the larger issues regarding the company's future. I ask that we provide some surety to the millions of Amtrak riders and commuter rail passengers across the country who depend on a solvent Amtrak. I ask that we provide sufficient funding so Amtrak can approach the level of funding it received in total in fiscal year 2002.  Mr. President, I know there are a number of colleagues who wish to discuss this amendment as well. I thank Senator McCain, chairman of the Commerce Committee, for agreeing to accept this amendment at this time. I understand his need to have a reauthorization. I look forward to working with him on that.  