 President, I thank my colleague from Alabama and my colleague from North Dakota. I also thank the Senator from North Dakota for his tremendous work on this budget.  Mr. President, I can really think of only one word to describe the budget now before the Senate. In the middle of a war on terrorism--and on the eve of a war in Iraq--this budget offers a huge tax cut to the few, projects massive deficits for decades, and ignores the cost of war in Iraq.  There is only one word for that approach: reckless.  Lacking in caution--reckless.  Deliberately courting danger--reckless again.  It is time for a reality check. Hundreds of thousands of our soldiers are poised on the knife's edge, ready to perform their duty at any moment. On this critical day, we hope and pray for their safety, security, and speedy return. There is no doubt that Congress will provide for our soldiers, both on and off the field of battle.  We know it will cost a lot of money. We know the money is well spent in keeping our Nation's best and brightest as secure and safe as possible.  But the cost of winning this war and winning the peace afterward is not reflected anywhere in this budget. That is irresponsible. That is burying our heads in the sand as the danger approaches. I cannot imagine any American family going out and running up their credit cards when they know they are going to have a major expense in the next months.  Ignoring the financial costs of war will not make those costs go away. Driving our country further into debt will certainly make it harder for us to pay those bills when they come due.  Mr. President, the only word for that approach is ``reckless.'' This budget would pile on record deficits, give a tax cut to the few, and ignore the costs of war and peace. But even worse, this budget doesn't even adequately fund the basics, such as homeland security, education, and transportation.  A budget is a statement of priorities. In an environment where we cannot fund everything, we have to make choices based on our values. I think we have to get our priorities straight.  Today, we are fighting a war on terrorism, we are on the brink of a war in the Middle East, and we have many other international challenges, including North Korea and Iran. Historically, when our Nation is facing war and so many challenges, we sacrifice, we make every dollar count, but not in this budget.  I cannot recall another time in our history when we have faced so many challenges, yet have been so reckless with our budget. This budget would provide a massive giveaway to the few, while our sons and daughters fight a war overseas. That is not sacrifice, that is not responsible and I think it is wrong.  The President's budget, with its freewheeling tax cuts and lack of sacrifice in the face of war, is more appropriate for the roaring twenties than for the challenges we face today, in 2003.  I am very skeptical of a budget that says we can have it all, even as we stare down massive financial commitment for years in places such as Iraq. Ignoring the cost of war and its aftermath is reckless. Running up huge deficits to fund a misguided tax plan is reckless. Failing our needs at home, such as homeland security, border security, education, and transportation, is reckless.  Just look at homeland security, which will become, by the way, even more important if our country is at war. September 11 showed us, in a most horrific way, that we are vulnerable at home. Our intelligence officials have told us that another attack at home is not a question of ``if'' but ``when.''  We know our first responders--our firefighters, EMTs, and police will be on the front lines if, Heaven forbid, there is another attack. I recently got a letter from Kelly Fox, president of the Washington State Council of Firefighters. They represent 6,500 firefighters in my State. These are the people who are in the trenches of the homeland security front. They told me they don't have the training, the equipment, or staffing to respond to various attacks.  I want to share with my colleagues a letter that Kelly Fox, president of the Washington State Council of Firefighters, wrote to me:       Let me assure you, we are prepared to do whatever is      necessary to protect the citizens of this State--even if it      means putting ourselves in harm's way. Although the job we      need to perform in this war on terrorism is familiar, the      magnitude of the challenges before us is unprecedented--as      the enemy now comes to our cities and towns.  He goes on to write:       Last August, Congress (led by a Democratic majority in the      Senate) provided President Bush $2.5 billion in emergency      homeland security funding, for him to release to local police      and fire departments if he thought it was needed.      Regrettably, he rejected that funding and vowed, ``we'll      spend none of it.''  President Bush held back hundreds of millions of dollars for equipment, training, and other needs for our first responders.  Fifteen months ago, we were told that $3.5 billion was being earmarked for first responders in the Bush administration's fiscal year 2003 budget. But to date that money is nowhere to be found. Firefighters in Washington and across our Nation have received plenty of praise and accolades since 9/11. We have been invited to many photo ops.       But our cities and towns, our counties, our fire districts,      and their fire departments are still waiting for that      funding. In fact, our State has yet to see a dime of money      that was promised by the Bush administration to help our      firefighters and paramedics.  Kelly Fox speaks for 6,500 firefighters in my State. We need to heed his call.  Last year, Congress passed funding for homeland security. The President rejected it. The President then actually blamed Congress for not funding homeland security.  The bottom line is we must fund the security needs in our communities--from our fire departments and police departments to State public health labs. With States facing budget deficits, first responders need our help to protect our citizens. We can do better than this budget. I will support an amendment to adequately fund homeland security, and I will likely even offer my own amendment.  I am also concerned that this budget does not provide enough funding for education. When we passed the No Child Left Behind Act, we passed it based on two commitments. First, we would hold schools accountable for their progress. And second, we would provide schools with the resources to meet those new requirements. Those two always went together--otherwise schools cannot make real progress. But now it seems that Congress and the President have forgotten about the funding part. We still have an obligation to fund the new requirements that Congress imposed on local schools. We cannot leave local schools holding the bag, so I intend to offer an amendment to fully fund the No Child Left Behind Act.  I also think this budget falls short in supporting our transportation infrastructure. We know that transportation problems plague our biggest cities and isolate our rural communities. In my home State of Washington, our inadequate transportation network is hindering our economy, our productivity and our quality of life.  When we make sound investments in our transportation infrastructure, we create good jobs today, and we build the foundation for our future economic growth. When we make our transportation systems more efficient, more productive, and safer, that will pay real dividends for our economy and our communities. Throughout this process, I am going to support efforts to adequately fund our transportation infrastructure.  Another area where this budget is severely flawed is in its treatment of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is an important and unique national treasure. It is the only conservation system in North America that protects a complete spectrum of arctic ecosystems. It is the most biologically productive part of the Arctic Refuge. And it is a critical calving ground for a large herd of caribou, which are vital to many Native Americans in the Arctic. Energy exploration in ANWR would have a significant impact on this unique ecosystem.  The proponents of this measure argue that over the years, energy exploration has become more ``environmentally friendly.'' While that may be true, there are still significant environmental impacts for this sensitive region. Exploration means a footprint for drilling, permanent roads, gravel pits, water wells, and airstrips.  The oil reserves in ANWR--in fact, the oil reserves in the entire United States--are not enough to significantly reduce our dependence on foreign oil. There are four ways to really reduce our need for foreign oil.  First, we can increase the fuel economy of our automobiles and light trucks. That will reduce air pollution and carbon dioxide emissions, save consumers significant fuel costs, and reduce our national trade deficit.  A second way to reduce our need for foreign oil is to expand the use of domestically produced renewable and alternative fuels. That will reduce emissions of toxic pollutants, create jobs in the United States, and reduce our trade deficit.  Third, we can invest in emerging technologies like fuel cells and solar electric cars.  Fourth, we can increase the energy efficiency of our office buildings and homes.  These four strategies will reduce our dependence on foreign oil and protect one of our Nation's most precious treasures.  Let us all remember that the amount of oil in ANWR is too small to significantly improve our current energy problems. The oil exploration in ANWR will not actually start producing oil for as many as 10 years. Exploring and drilling for oil and gas at ANWR is not forward thinking. It is a 19th century solution to a 21st century problem.  Mr. President, these are just some of the flaws that make this budget reckless.  As I close, let me put this into context because I have served on the Budget Committee since 1993. During that time, I have seen our country's economy turn around twice now. In 1993, we started with huge budget deficits. On the Budget Committee, we made tough decisions, and throughout America families worked hard and got our economy moving again. Employment rose; the stock market soared; and Americans benefited from low interest rates and declining poverty.  But today it seems as if we are back where we started: the surplus is gone; we are facing looming deficits; Americans are out of work, and they need help.  If the President and the majority in this Congress have their way, their plan will grow our Nation's debt from $5 trillion to over $12 trillion as their plan reaches full maturity--$12 trillion. And for what? So millionaires can get an average tax break of $90,000, according to the Tax Policy Center, and the rest of us get a $12 trillion debt. That debt and our annual deficits will make it harder for us to fund urgent national priorities. It will hit every American when they buy a house or finance a car.  I hope we can find a way to produce a bipartisan budget that addresses these issues for the benefit of the American people. Doing anything less would be reckless.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Chambliss). The Senator from Oklahoma.  