 President, I am offering this amendment on behalf of myself, Senators Kennedy, Reed, Clinton, Bingaman, Dodd, Stabenow, and Cantwell.  The amendment I have called up is very simple. It restores the $120 million to the Community Access Program that was cut in the managers' amendment. This $120 million level is exactly the same level as we appropriated in fiscal year 2002, and it is the same level that was included in the fiscal year 2003 Labor-HHS-Education appropriations bill which we marked up last year.  The Community Access Program helps increase the capacity and effectiveness of community health care institutions and providers that serve patients regardless of their ability to pay.  It is a community-based program that seeks to coordinate care for the uninsured. It has been very successful, and it enjoys broad bipartisan support.  It is difficult for me to understand why the President's budget eliminates a program that seeks to get care for the uninsured at a time when the ranks of the uninsured continue to grow. Without a coordinated community-based approach to accessing care, the uninsured simply end up in our emergency rooms or go without care, and both of those results add to our growing health care crisis.  I know firsthand how successful this program has been. Washington State has four CAP grantees that have worked to expand access to quality, comprehensive care for those who have no health care safety net. They arebased in Spokane, Wenatchee, Olympia, and Seattle.  As I have met with our CAP grantees, they have shown me a glimpse into what I think is the future of health care.  In October I visited the Odessa Brown Children's Clinic. I saw a doctor, a dentist, and a psychologist in the same room, not just treating body parts but actually treating the whole child in a comprehensive, compassionate way. Today that project is known as ``Kids Get Care,'' and it is connecting more than 3,000 children to comprehensive health care.  These kinds of efforts are making a real difference for low-income families, and they need more investment. Our CAP grantees have worked to ensure that our increased investment in community health centers reaps the greatest benefit possible. They have worked with vulnerable populations to tear down barriers to care and not just economic barriers. They use the small investment to better serve the uninsured. We should be strengthening efforts like this right now, not eliminating them.  Currently in my home State of Washington, one in nine residents is uninsured. And with my State's ongoing economic crisis--and I am sure across the country--demand is going to grow for programs that provide care for the uninsured. We need to meet the immediate needs of these families who today can only get access in the emergency room.  CAP provides the seed money that gives community health care providers the ability to serve those who have nowhere else to go.  As a member of the HELP Committee, I am disappointed that the majority has proposed eliminating this program. The HELP Committee worked in a bipartisan manner, under the leadership of Senators Kennedy, Gregg, and Frist, and secured passage of a 4-year health care safety net authorization bill. Last year that provided an authorization of this CAP program. That legislation was, in fact, unanimously adopted by the Senate in October of 2002 and signed by the President on October 26, 2002.  The purpose of the authorization is spelled out now in Public Law 107-251. I want to read the committee report. The purpose is:       To provide assistance to communities and to consortia of      health care providers, in order to develop or strengthen an      integrated health care delivery system that coordinates      health services for individuals who are uninsured and      individuals who are underinsured and to develop or strengthen      activities related to providing coordinated care for      individuals with chronic conditions.  Those are goals we must achieve. I understand the fiscal pressures facing the chairman of the Appropriations Committee and Chairman Specter, but we are facing a major health care crisis in this country. This is not just a crisis of the uninsured but a crisis of increasing costs. The impact of this will only mean higher Federal expenditures in programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, not to mention the human toll on our uninsured citizens.  I applaud the recent comments by the new majority leader in discussing the racial inequities in our health care delivery system, and I look forward to working with him to address this injustice and to ensure greater access to care for all Americans. Fair and just access to care is a civil rights issue.  Being uninsured does not have to mean going without. We can offer a safety net to provide comprehensive care to the uninsured through programs such as CAP and community health centers.  I believe that CAP provides us a model for closing the gaps in health care and eliminating racial inequities. If we truly hope to provide fair and equal access, we must not eliminate CAP in this bill.  CAP is certainly not the only solution, but we all know that in order to address our health care crisis, we have to find innovative solutions that use our resources more effectively, and CAP does just that. It supports innovative community-based programs.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I remind them, it was authorized by the full committee last year, unanimously passed the Senate, and has broad bipartisan support. We need to back our words in that bill with the resources for these communities to provide care for the uninsured and the growing ranks of uninsured across this country. We need to strengthen our fragile health care safety net across this country, and this amendment will help us do that.  I thank the Chair and reserve the remainder of my time.  