 President, we are about to vote on a very important amendment. Not very long ago, the Members of this body voted to pass a bill called No Child Left Behind. The budget that is put forward to us today will leave thousands of children behind if we do not fulfill the commitment we have made.  I have listened to the arguments on the other side. I have seen the charts and graphs. If there is one thing I have learned here in the Senate, it is that you can have a chart or graph to show whatever you want it to show. But what I do know is Senator Kennedy showed on the chart behind us, 3 million more children in this country, 3 million more children need more funding if they want to meet the obligations of No Child Left Behind; 50,000 fully qualified teachers need to be hired; we need to provide training for 200,000 teachers. The numbers are really clear.  If you look at the Republican budget itself, their document shows 46 programs that have been eliminated in their budget: Adult education, community technology, dropout prevention, elementary and secondary school counseling, foreign language, physical education, rural education, vocational education. These are programs listed in their budget that they cut.  We can put up charts and graphs, but I can tell you one thing: The children in our schools, the parents who take their children there, the teachers who teach there, the community members who work in our schools all know when we pass a bill and say we are going to test our kids at the Federal level and we do not provide the resources to make sure those children can learn, we pass on an unfunded mandate that is irresponsible to our States that are struggling today.  The amendment we are about to vote on fully funds title I. It continues the effort to hire 100,000 qualified teachers. It helps to put high-quality teachers in the classrooms and continues to make sure we fulfill our obligations.  Tougher accountability without adequate reform is not reform, it is politics. We know our children need books, they need teachers, they need the programs, and they need the Federal Government to live up to its responsibility. That is what this amendment does.  