 The amendment I am offering right now provides an additional $801 million for critically needed worker training and retraining programs under the Workforce Investment Act. I am proud that Senators Kennedy, Dodd, Leahy, Jeffords, and Bingaman are cosponsors of this important amendment.  Today our Nation faces both a jobs crisis and a skills crisis. There are 9.1 million Americans searching for jobs and another 5 million more Americans are working part time because they cannot find full-time work in this stagnant economy. Those millions of workers need training and skills to get good jobs that are going to last, and that is what this amendment before us provides.  I am proud that a wide range of organizations have endorsed my worker training amendment, including the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National Association of Counties, the National Workforce Association, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the National Association of Workforce Boards.  My office has also received hundreds of letters of support from local workforce boards, mayors, county executives, employers, and just ordinary Americans. They all want this Senate to provide additional training opportunities for our workers.  The amendment before us would provide training opportunities for an additional 200,000 adults, young people, dislocated workers, Native Americans, and migrant and seasonal farmworkers. Most of these workforce and training programs have not had any--none--increases in funding for the entire last decade.  Think about that. We are in the middle of a jobs and skills crisis but most of our training programs have not had any funding increases in a decade.  My amendment will increase funding for adults by $100 million; for dislocated workers by $159 million; for youth by $99 million; for youth opportunity grants by $250 million; for migrant and seasonal farmworkers by $23 million; for Native Americans by $20 million; and for one-stop infrastructure by $150 million. That funding is going to make a huge difference.  I think any Senators who spent time with their constituents during the August recess from which we have just returned will recognize the urgent need for jobs and job training.  Last month when I was home I visited two of our one-stop employment centers in my State and I met with staff members who are working to train residents. I met with local employers who want to hire people in the community if they have the right skills. I met with workers, from young people who are just starting their careers to established workers who have been displaced by much larger economic forces. All of them want the skills they need to find a good job. But for many of them it is very tough going.  In King County, where Seattle is located, there is currently a 10,000 person waiting list for training. That is appalling. These are people who want to work. They desperately want training. But in King County alone they are stuck on a waiting list with 10,000 other people. They have been waiting a long time. In King County, the freeze on training services began last January. It has been a very long and very difficult year for everyone on that waiting list. They need our help and the Murray amendment will provide it.  Residents of the State of Washington continue to suffer with the third highest unemployment in the country, 7.5 percent. Since January of 2001, my State alone has lost 73,000 good-paying jobs in areas such as technology, aerospace, and manufacturing. Workers who were accustomed to earning $30 to $40 an hour as engineers in my State are now forced to accept warehouse jobs that pay $8 to $12 an hour.  Today, one-stop employment centers across the country are being asked to serve more people than ever before, yet their funding remains below what it was in fiscal year 2001 when our country was still experiencing relative economic prosperity. As a result, workers who are searching for jobs are taking longer than in previous recessions to find work. In 2000, it took an average of 12 weeks to find a new job. Currently, it takes approximately 20 weeks, and that is only if there are jobs to be found.  According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, some 1.1 million workers have exhausted their extended unemployment benefits with no employment prospects on the horizon. These workers have worked hard and they have played by the rules, yet they are losing their homes in record numbers and even foregoing medical treatment for their children. Unfortunately, there is no guarantee these jobs are going to return, making it even more crucial that this Senate provide the retraining dollars to help those workers find jobs in the industries and sectors of the economy that have the greatest potential for growth.  Unfortunately, young people seem to be the hardest hit by the current job crisis. The youth unemployment rate has hit a 10-year high of 19.3 percent. The minority youth unemployment rate continues to hover around 30 percent.  Recent studies have shown that nearly 50 percent of the job losses in this recession have occurred to young people who are 16 to 24 years old. Young people desperately need help but our Federal workforce dollars currently serve only about 7 percent of our eligible youth nationally.  My amendment would increase the youth formula grant money to States and localities, and would fully fund the Youth Opportunity Grant Program, which has a real track record of success in many communities and on Indian reservations around the country. My amendment also provides desperately needed modest increases for some of our most vulnerable populations--migrant and seasonal farmworkers and Native Americans. These two groups often have unemployment rates above 50 percent with few prospects for jobs that will provide a sustainable income to support themselves and their families.  As a nation, we have to place a higher priority on helping these chronically underserved populations. My amendment does just that.  Finally, my amendment provides critical infrastructure funding for our national network of 1,900 one-stop employment centers. These one-stop employment centers integrate nearly 20 Federal workforce and social service programs at the local level.  In the HELP Committee, we have been working very hard to reauthorize the Workforce Investment Act, and to include more related programs such as TANF, small business, and transportation into the one-stops with an additional emphasis on program integration and seamless service delivery for all eligible Americans.  In summary, the Murray amendment that is before this body will provide additional hope and opportunity for citizens who need jobs today. Given the employment trends we will face over the next decade, we cannot afford to waste the talents of any worker as we continue to compete in the global economy.  I hope all Senators will agree with me that taking care of the training needs of our workers at home should be a top priority for our Government. The rest of the world is monitoring how we train our workforce because these foreign governments are looking for every advantage to capture additional market share for goods and services that are currently produced in the United States.  Let us not give our competitors a leg up. Let us support the Murray amendment so we can continue to have the most highly skilled and productive workforce in the world and so we can put our Americans back to work in good jobs that will last.  I urge my colleagues to support the Murray amendment.  