 President, I've come to the floor today to discuss my disappointment that the chairman's mark zeros out funding for the Community Access Program, a community-based program that seeks to coordinate health care of the uninsured and underserved.  This development is especially disappointing because less than 8 months ago, the Senate overwhelmingly adopted my amendment to provide full funding for the CAP program in the FY 2003 Omnibus Appropriations bill.  Since early 2001, the current administration has targeted this program for elimination. It is difficult to understand why the President's budget eliminate a program that seeks to get care for the uninsured at a time when the ranks of the uninsured continue to grow. As more and more families lost their insurance coverage, programs like CAP will become even more important.  The CAP program helps increase the capacity and effectiveness of community health care institutions and providers who serve patients regardless of their ability to pay.  The program supports community-based groups that coordinate care for the uninsured. CAP has been very successful, and it enjoys broad bipartisan support. The CAP program was authorized in October 2002 as part of the Health Care Safety Net Authorization bill, which was unanimously adopted by the Senate.  The purpose of the CAP program is spelled out in the Health Care Safety Net Authorization bill. Let me read from the Committee report.  The purpose is ``to provide assistance to communities and to consortia of health care providers, in order to develop or strengthen an integrated health care deliver system that coordinates health services for individuals who are uninsured and individuals who are underinsured. And, to develop or strengthen activities related to providing coordinated care for individuals with chronic conditions.''  I believe these are goals and objectives that we must achieve, but eliminating CAP will make this impossible.  I understand the fiscal pressures facing Chairman Specter, and I believe he has done the best job possible. But we are facing a major health care crisis in this country. I know the important role CAP can play in working to address this crisis.  Washington State has four CAP grantees. They have worked hard to expand access to quality, comprehensive care for those who have no health care safety net outside of the emergency room.  Washington's CAP grantees are based in Spokane, Wenatchee, Olympia and Seattle. As I've met with our CAP grantees, they've shown me a glimpse into the future of affordable health care.  For example, almost a year ago, I visited the Odessa Brown Children's Clinic in Seattle. I saw a doctor, a dentist and a psychologist all in the same room, not just treating individual body parts, but treating the whole child in a comprehensive, compassionate way.  Today that project--known as ``Kids Get Care''--is connecting more than 3,000 children to comprehensive health care.  These efforts are making a real difference for low-income families, and they need more investment, not elimination.  Our CAP grantees have worked to ensure that our increased investment in Community Health Centers reaps the greatest benefit possible.  They have worked with vulnerable populations to tear down all barriers to care--not just economic barriers. They have used this small investment to better served the uninsured.  We should be strengthening efforts like this--not eliminating them.  Currently, one in nine Washington residents is uninsured. With my State's ongoing economic crisis, demand will grow for programs that provide care for the uninsured.  We need to meet the immediate needs of families who today can only access care in the Emergency Room.  CAP provides the seed money that gives community health care providers the ability to serve those who have nowhere else to go.  I had considered offering an amendment to restore full funding for CAP.  However, because of the budgetary constraints, to secure the votes needed, I would have to cut other vital Labor, HHS and Education programs, many of which are already taking cuts.  Instead, I would like to yield to the chairman of the subcommittee for the purpose of engaging in a colloquy.  Chairman Specter, again let me stress my appreciation for your efforts. You have been given an almost impossible task.  The bottom line is our Subcommittee allocation for LHHS is simply not sufficient to meet the important priorities of labor, health care and education.  I know you did the best job possible, but I am asking for your support of CAP in conference.  When I raised this issue in the subcommittee markup, you indicated your willingness to work to ensure that this program is funded when the final bill emerges from conference.  