 President, NIOSH recommended that workers:       . . . should isolate the work area from other areas in      order to avoid spreading fibers, use local exhaust      ventilation to reduce dust exposures, and use appropriate      respiratory protection.       If the employer or worker is concerned about potential      exposure, and if at all possible, the vermiculite should not      be disturbed.  But, astonishingly, this guidance was never released. How many of the construction workers, maintenance people, electricians, plumbers and homeowners across the country know they should ``avoid spreading fibers, use local exhaust ventilation or appropriate respiratory protection?''  I suspect that like Mr. Ralph Busch, thousands of people across the U.S. are not taking these important precautions because they are simply unaware of the danger.  I would like to read to my colleagues another section from the never-released NIOSH Fact Sheet. This was in response to the question about how workers can know if the vermiculite they have is contaminated with asbestos. It says:       As a rule, we believe that any vermiculite that originated      in Libby, Montana, before 1990 should be regarded as      potentially contaminated . . .       It is known that vermiculite from Libby was sold as attic      insulation under the product name Zonolite Attic Insulation      and that this product is still in homes throughout the United      States.  But especially interesting is the next section, which is in parentheses as a comment by the author:       W.R. Grace estimates several million homes contain      ``vermiculite attic insulation,'' which is most likely very      conservative.       If we don't wish to provide any indication of the magnitude      of the potential VAI (or vermiculite attic insulation)      exposure in number of homes, we should be clear about the      potential situation to provide a more accurate picture and      warning.  I must ask my colleagues, why wouldn't NIOSH or others in the Administration--when they are taking great pains to do the job right in Libby--want to share with workers and the public an indication of the magnitude of the number of homes with asbestos-tainted vermiculite?  Isn't it our government's job to protect people from risks associated with hazardous substances such as asbestos?  Don't we need to know the scope of the problem in order to help gauge the extent of the potential risks?  Why aren't we warning workers and giving them the new guidance that has already been drafted by NIOSH?  Interestingly enough, on April 10, 2002, the day before the date on this NIOSH Fact Sheet, EPA received a letter from W.R. Grace defending their harmful product.  The letter read:       Zonolite Attic Insulation (ZAI) has been insulating homes      for over 60 years and there is no credible reason to believe      that ZAI has ever caused an asbestos-related disease in      anyone who has used it in his/her home.  How then does Grace explain the fact that the company has settled at least 25 bodily injury claims caused by exposure to Zonolite?  Make no mistake. W.R. Grace is a company with one of the worst public health and environmental records in America. I draw my colleague's attention to a 1998 article by Dr. David Egilman, Wes Wallace and Candace Hom published in the journal Accountability in Research entitled ``Corporate Corruption of Medical Literature: Asbestos Studies Concealed by W.R. Grace & Co.''  I will read briefly from the abstract of this article:       In 1963, W.R. Grace acquired the mine (in Libby) and      employee health problems at the mine became known to W.R.      Grace executives and to Grace's insurance company, Maryland      Casualty.       In 1976, in response to tighter federal regulation of      asbestos and asbestos-containing products, W.R. Grace funded      an animal study of tremolite toxicity.       They hoped to prove that tremolite did not cause      mesothelioma, the cancer uniquely associated with asbestos      exposure. However, the study showed that tremolite did cause      mesothelioma.       W.R. Grace never disclosed the results of this animal      study, nor did they disclose their knowledge of lung disease      in the Libby workers, either to the workers themselves or to      regulatory agencies.       These actions were intentional, and were motivated by      Grace's conscious decision to prioritize corporate profit      over human health.  Given the facts that W.R. Grace has knowingly manufactured and sold an asbestos-tainted product, has suppressed research findings showing that tremolite asbestos causes cancer, and has denied that their product is potentially dangerous, the company is woefully lacking for credibility.  Which brings us to our question: If EPA was planning to warn the American public about the dangers of Zonolite insulation, what stopped EPA from following through with its plan?  Why aren't we warning homeowners nationwide about Zonolite insulation?  Why aren't we warning workers and giving them new safety guidelines?  The answers might lie, not with the EPA, but with the White House Office of Management and Budget, OMB.  An internal e-mail from John F. Wood, the Deputy General Counsel at OMB, to staff at EPA contained details about finalizing the Action Memo for Libby.  Also copied on the e-mail were OMB Deputy Director Nancy Dorn and Associate Director of Natural Resources Programs Marcus Peacock.  Here's what OMB's lawyer wrote to EPA. I ask unanimous consent that this e-mail be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       John--thank you for your efforts to alleviate my concerns.      Here are just a few edits, which are necessary to avoid the      problems we discussed earlier. Please be sure to observe the      deletion of the citation of Sect. 104(a)(4).  