 President, as many of my colleagues know, I have come to the floor for 6 of the past 7 years to offer the Murray-Snowe amendment to lift the restrictions on privately funded abortions for our military women serving overseas. We have offered this amendment virtually every year since 1996 with the hope that one day women in the military would not be required to sacrifice their constitutional right when they serve overseas.  Since 1996, this amendment has twice passed on the Senate floor only to be killed during conference. This amendment has always been relevant and germane, even in postcloture debate. The amendment simply ensures access to safe and legal reproductive health care for our military personnel. Access to safe and legal health care is certainly relevant when discussing the Department of Defense authorization bill.  I find it extremely hard to understand how after these 7 years this topic is suddenly no longer relevant. It does not make sense. I think it is an outrage and an insult to the women who serve in our military. I would never want to have to tell a woman in our Armed Forces who is risking her life to serve our country overseas that her health care is irrelevant in the Senate.  The intent of the Defense authorization bill is to ensure that our military has the resources and support it needs to protect all of us. The health of our female service members is certainly a key ingredient in a successful military. Today, women are serving side by side in combat situations and in hostile war zones. Women are a critical part of our military. They serve in leadership roles, and they provide outstanding service. Their health care is relevant. I don't know how many of my colleagues could come to the floor and argue any differently.  I thank the cosponsors of the amendment, including Senators Snowe, Boxer, Cantwell, Collins, Schumer, Jeffords, and Corzine.  My amendment would eliminate the restrictions on privately funded abortions only. It doesn't change conscience clauses for military personnel. It doesn't require direct funding, and it would not result in a huge new mission for military health care.  Under current restrictions, women who volunteer to serve their country--and female military dependents--are not allowed to exercise their legally guaranteed right simply because they are serving overseas. These women are committed to protecting our rights as free citizens. Yet they are denied one of the most basic rights accorded all women in this country. Women depend on their base hospital and military care providers to meet all of their health care needs. Singling out abortion-related services could jeopardize a woman's health.  The truth is, women serving overseas have very few options when facing a difficult pregnancy. They can seek care in a host country, but few countries have the standard of health care that we take for granted here at home. These women service members can seek leave--not medical leave--and be transported back to the United States.  These are difficult options which put women's lives in jeopardy. That is why retired GEN Claudia Kennedy, the Army's first woman three-star general, supported my amendment. She has firsthand knowledge of women who face this difficult experience, and she wrote to me about one of those women. She told me:       [T]hat in a very vulnerable time, this American who was      serving her country overseas could not count on the Army to      give her the care she needed.  The impact of this unconstitutional restriction on women's health is supported by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American Medical Women's Association, Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health, and the National Partnership for Women and Families.  In the past, some have argued that allowing privately funded abortions in military facilities overseas would be a huge burden that the military couldn't meet.  I wish to point out that the previous administration endorsed my amendment and saw no problems implementing this policy.  I also add that under current law the military is required to provide abortion-related services when a woman's life is in jeopardy in the case of rape or incest. To say that the military cannot provide this service calls into question that ability to meet current law.  In the past, we have had concerns raised about objections from host countries. Abortion is illegal in many countries, as is family planning for unmarried women. In some countries, simply allowing them to drive can violate local customs and laws.  I think the military has a long tradition of respecting the laws and customs of host countries without delegating women to second-class citizenship status or sacrificing our own proud history of equal treatment under law. Current restrictions humiliate servicewomen by forcing them to seek the approval of their commanding officer in order to travel back to the United States for abortion services.  We know from a previous GAO report issued in May of 2002 that many commanding officers ``have not been adequately trained about the importance of women's basic health care.'' Department of Defense officials say that lacking this understanding, some commanders may be reluctant to allow active-duty members, both women and men, time away from their duty stations to obtain health care services.  Many women are forced to seek care off the base or wait until leave can be arranged without approval from a commanding officer.  Many women are forced to delay the procedure for several weeks until they can travel to a location where safe and adequate care is available.  I have to tell you, I do not see why lifting this offensive and dangerous restriction now--this year--is not relevant to a Department of Defense authorization bill. Isn't it our goal to provide the resources and support for our military personnel? How can the health and safety of women who serve in the military all of a sudden be called not relevant?  I have been told that if I offer this amendment, the Chair is going to rule it out of in order on the claim it is not relevant, so I have no choice but to withdraw my amendment.  I do not know how we explain to military servicewomen that their health care is not relevant or that supporting their access to safe and legal reproductive health care is somehow now not part of the Defense authorization bill.  This is a sad day for our country when women who are serving their country overseas are told their health care is not relevant by the Senate.  