 President, I also come to the floor to support the extremely important amendment offered by the Senator from Massachusetts, which is offered to ensure that all students get the educational resources they deserve.  This amendment funds title I at the level we agreed to when we passed the No Child Left Behind Act and increases Pell grants so we can help more low-income students afford college. This is the minimum investment we need to make if we truly are going to leave no child behind.  Leaving no child behind is a noble goal, one that we all endorse. But it is a travesty to use the mantra of the Children's Defense Fund as a cover for policies and budgets that hurt rather than help American students. Make no mistake, the bill before us, based on the President's budget, will leave students behind.  I find it particularly incredible that at the same time the President and his friends in Congress are pushing for a $674 billion tax cut, they are insisting that we provide less money for the education of our children.  Look at title I. Title I pays for things such as books, teachers, tutoring, and preschool for our most needy students. The President and his party are saying that we can no longer afford the $1.5 billion increase slated for title I last year, yet we can afford to give $20 billion to 226,000 millionaires.  One year ago, when we passed the No Child Left Behind Act, we agreed on new sweeping requirements and mandates. We also agreed that title I would need to be funded at $16 billion this year for schools to meet those requirements. America's students and their parents have entrusted us with their future. We cannot turn our backs on them and say we have done our part by setting high standards and creating tough accountability, and the rest is up to you--even if you are trying to learn in overcrowded classrooms or from unqualified teachers or you are coping with crumbling school buildings. That is what they are really saying.  Last week, the President celebrated the 1-year anniversary of the No Child Left Behind Act by calling it the most meaningful education reform probably ever. But that reform had two parts. On the one hand, it called for higher standards and accountability, and on the other hand it promised more investment so schools could make progress.  My good friend, Senator Paul Wellstone, spent many hours on this floor reminding all of us that the so-called No Child Left Behind Act would, at best, be a sham and, at worst, a serious blow to the public school students of our country if it was funded on a tin cup budget. I fear this appropriations bill will prove him right.  By providing only an inflationary increase in education funding while significantly raising the demands on our schools, we have reduced America's students to begging for the Government's spare change to finance their future.  Setting a high bar is important, but setting a high bar and failing to give kids the resources to succeed is just setting them up for failure.  The appropriations bill before us offers the smallest increase in education funding in 7 years. It freezes the State grants that reduced class size and improved teacher quality and, as a result, no new teachers will be hired and fewer teachers will get professional development.  This bill does not fully fund our share of special education costs, failing yet again to fulfill that commitment to our communities, our schools, and our disabled students. And it falls far short of title I funding we included in the No Child Left Behind Act because we knew it was necessary to help our students succeed.  We know what the needs are. We know what works to help our children succeed. And we also know that making college affordable is critical to helping students succeed and to helping our economy grow. Senate Democrats have worked to increase funding for Pell grants. In fiscal year 2002, while the Bush administration proposed no increase in Pell grants, Senate Democrats increased the top limit from $3,750 per year to $4,000 per year.  Again this year, the President proposed no increase in Pell grants. It is a good step that this bill includes a small increase for Pell grants, but it is not nearly enough to meet the rapidly rising needs. In my home State of Washington, our legislature cut $1.6 billion out of their budget last year. This year they are suffering from even deeper economic stress, and they need to cut an additional $2.5 billion. A result of that is tuition at our public colleges and universities increased 12 to 16 percent this year, and we could be looking at similar increases next year. I am really worried that students will look at that increase in tuition, see no significant increase in Federal aid, and decide they cannot afford to go to college.  One of the most important things we can do to ensure a safe and secure future is to help educate our young people. We know a college degree means on average an additional $20,000 a year for men and an additional $15,000 a year for women. Given today's global-based economy, the gap in earnings between those Americans who have a college degree and those who only have a high school degree is likely to grow. Ensuring that our young people have the resources to go to college is a critical national priority.  Putting America's future first means putting our children's education first. But the sad truth is that this appropriations bill shortchanges all of America's students. We have spent so much time talking about how we can hold teachers, administrators, and parents accountable for doing their jobs well. I think we ought to focus on how well we are doing our job, and that means making good choices for our children and investing in their futures.  At a time when we are and should be demanding more than ever from our schools, we must not slow down the Federal investments in our schools. We must not abandon our commitment to help reduce class sizes and provide quality teachers. We must not continue to shirk our responsibility to disadvantaged students.  The Republican bill freezes our progress. That is why we have offered this amendment. That is why Senator Kennedy has offered this amendment: To provide the resources that parents, teachers, and students need.  This amendment will ensure more children start school ready to learn. It can help children learn in smaller, well disciplined classes by hiring 50,000 fully qualified teachers so we can reduce the size of classes. It will help our local districts that are badly in need of help right now to ensure there is a high quality teacher in every classroom. It could allow communities to offer more afterschool programs to keep 1 million additional latchkey children safe and learning, and it would help more Americans afford college at this critical time.  