 Chairman, I rise tonight to offer an amendment on a very important issue, namely, the government's authority under section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act to access library circulation records, library patron lists, library Internet records, book seller sales records, or book seller customer lists. Specifically, this amendment bars the State Department from providing support for an application under section 215 to get library and book seller records.  Mr. Chairman, this is a version of the amendment that I attempted to offer yesterday and am offering it tonight.  Mr. Chairman, in the United States today, there is a great concern about terrorism. All of us are concerned about terrorism. Our country suffered a dastardly and horribly destructive attack on September 11, 2001; and every Member of this body is determined to do all that we can to fight terrorism and to apprehend those people who are at war against our country.  But many of us believe that that fight against terrorism must be waged in a way that does not undermine the basic constitutional rights and protections that have made us a great and free country. The very good news that I bring to my colleagues tonight is that all across the United States, more and more citizens, including thousands of librarians and book sellers, are speaking out against the extremely antidemocratic elements of the USA PATRIOT Act legislation that was hastily passed in the wake of the September 11 attack. And just yesterday, in an amendment offered by the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Otter), this House overwhelmingly said that we will deal with that issue piece by piece. I am proud of the effort that the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Otter) and many of us made to say, yes, we will fight terrorism; but we will do it in a way that protects our Constitution.  Mr. Chairman, specifically, under section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the government can get a search warrant for any tangible thing. They can go into a library and say, we are doing an investigation on international terrorism. And having said that, a judge in a secret FISA court is obliged to give them a warrant to go into a library, to go into the bookstore, so that they can secure the reading habits, the books taken out, the books being purchased by any American. All of us want to support law enforcement going after terrorism, but we do not want to give the FBI the opportunity to go into a fishing expedition.  Mr. Chairman, all across this country, people are saying ``no'' to this aspect, section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act. The underlying legislation that I have introduced has 129 bipartisan cosponsors, some of the most conservative Members of the House, some of the most progressive Members of the House: Democrats, Republicans, Independent. This concept has been supported by 20 newspapers, major newspapers: the Los Angeles Times, the Detroit Free Press, the Christian Science Monitor, the Honolulu Advertiser, and on and on. This legislation, this concept has the support of librarians all across the country, including the American Library Association. It has the support of book sellers all across this country, including the American Book Sellers Association.  The bottom line here, Mr. Chairman, is that 129 Members of this House have said, yes, we will fight terrorism; but, no, we will not undermine the basic constitutional rights that make us a free country. Over 125 communities, large cities, small towns, have come on board this issue. Libraries in California and elsewhere have been forced to put up signs saying: library patron, we cannot protect your privacy.  So, Mr. Chairman, I believe that I speak for the majority of the Members of this House who say, yes, let us fight terrorism; but let us do it in a way that keeps our country free, that does not have the United States Government and the FBI looking over our shoulders as we take our books from the library or purchase books in a bookstore.  