 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  I rise in strong support of the George Miller-Rangel substitute, and this substitute includes legislation that I introduced last month that now has 133 co-sponsors and has been endorsed by the 35 million members of the AARP and the 13 million workers in the AFL-CIO. And this legislation is a very simple piece of legislation included in this amendment, and it says that when a company converts to a cash balance plan after promising its workers a certain pension benefit that one cannot simply, like that, cut somebody's pension by up to 50 percent.  They cannot renege on the promise that they made to that worker and one of the reasons why that worker worked at that company for 10, 20 or 30 years. I ran into this experience in Vermont when hundreds of IBM workers called me up and they said that the promise that the company had made to them was rescinded and the pensions that they had been promised were now out the window. In Vermont, the IBM workers fought back, and they fought back all over the country; and as a result, IBM partially withdrew what they did, and they ended up protecting the older workers and Kodak protected older workers and Motorola protected older workers. But the reality is that millions of American workers today are at risk in seeing huge reductions in the pensions that they were expecting.  Pension anxiety is running rampant all over this country, and if we do not pass this amendment, workers will have good reason to worry that the pensions promised to them will not be there. What this amendment says is very simple. It says that if one is 40 years of age or if one has been with a company for 10 years and is on a defined benefit plan and the company goes to cash balance, they have got to give them a choice. What is wrong with giving workers a choice and not taking away the benefits that they had worked their whole lives for? I would like my Republican friends to tell me that. Some of the good companies have given workers a choice. We should give workers a choice right here. That is the amendment that I have included in this bill.  But there is another issue that was not included. The Members of the United States Congress have a defined benefit pension plan. And the amendment that I offered said if they think cash balance is such a good idea, why do we not adopt it in the Congress? If they want to tell millions of American workers to see a substantial reduction in their pensions, why do we not do the same thing? If it is good for the workers of America, surely it must be good for the Members of the Congress. I offered that amendment. Everyone will be shocked to know the Republican leadership denied it.  