 Speaker, I would like to commend Subcommittee Chairman Istook, Subcommittee Ranking Member Olver, Chairman Young and Ranking Member Obey for including a provision I have been fighting for during the last several years to protect workers negatively impacted by illegal, age discriminatory cash balance pension plans.   Mr. Speaker, as you know, on September 9, 2003, this House overwhelmingly passed by a vote of 258 to 160 an amendment I offered to the Fiscal Year 2004 Transportation-Treasury Appropriations bill barring the Treasury Department from helping to overturn the court decision in the Southern District of Illinois brought by IBM employees against IBM's cash balance pension plan.  The Federal court in that case has determined that, as many of us in this House have argued, IBM's cash balance plan and indeed all cash balance plans inherently violate current Federal anti-age discrimination law. By its terms, my amendment barred Treasury from opposing the IBM employees in that case. One of the intended effects of my amendment was also to bar Treasury from finalizing the proposed regulations on cash balance plans--regulations that were improper because they are contrary to the requirements of Federal age discrimination statutes.  On October 23, 2003, the Senate passed a similar amendment by Senator Harkin barring Treasury from finalizing these illegal regulations. These two amendments served as the foundation for the final legislative language which requires the Secretary to submit to the Congress proposed legislation to remedy the harm that these cash balance plans do to older workers. This legislative language also bars the Treasury Department from finalizing its illegal regulations on cash balance pension plans.  Now, I understand that report language has been added that attempts to rewrite the legislative history of this provision by stating that the intent of this legislative language is not to call into question the validity of cash balance plans.  Well, Mr. Speaker, that is exactly the intent of this provision. There is no doubt. This legislative provision is included in the final bill before the House because Members of this body and the other body have grave doubts about the legality of cash balance pension plans.  While this report language in no way dilutes the effect of the legislative ban on Treasury finalizing its cash balance regulations, it is a cynical attempt to hoodwink the courts considering the validity of these cash balance plans into believing that Congress has not spoken on this issue. It was no doubt carefully crafted by lobbyists with the express intent of using it in a legal brief.   Mr. Speaker, the debate on my amendment and Senator Harkin's are clear. None of us in this Chamber are fooled by this non-binding report language and I trust that the esteemed courts of this country will not be either.  