 Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Slaughter) for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule. Yesterday I requested that two amendments be allowed, neither one of which was accepted.  Mr. Speaker, I first became involved in the issue of pensions in the State of Vermont when hundreds of employees of IBM contacted my office because one day they learned that the promises that had been made to them in terms of their pension benefits was simply being pushed under the rug and being dismissed; that, in fact, the company had converted from a defined benefit pension plan to a so-called cash balance benefit plan; and that for many of the older workers, their benefits would have been reduced by up to 50 percent. People that had worked at the company for 20 or 30 years wake up one day and say, sorry, forget everything that we told you, because we are going to cut your pension benefits by up to 50 percent if you are an older worker.  It turned out it was not just IBM, but companies all over this country. In Vermont IBM workers fought back. We had a town meeting with some 7- or 800 workers coming out, spread all over the country, and IBM had to rescind that proposal. But the reality is that the Bush administration has now come up with an idea that would make it easier for companies to slash the pensions of their workers by moving to cash balance programs.  My amendment would do a very simple thing that some good companies have already done. Kodak has done it. Motorola has done it. To some degree IBM has done it. CSX, John Snow, Treasury Secretary's company has done it, and that says that if one is an older worker working for the company for at least 10 years, or they are 40 years of age, they will have the choice about which proposal they will take, and older workers, of course, will stay with the defined benefit pension plan.  The second amendment that I introduced was a very interesting one, and I said if the Republicans think that cash balance payments are such a good idea, and we all have our pensions, why should we not go to cash balance benefits? The answer is that cash balance benefits will substantially lower the pensions that Members of Congress have. Of course, the Members of Congress will not reduce their own pensions, but they are prepared to force millions of American workers to lower their benefits by going to cash balance benefit plans. So my proposal said that if the President's idea goes forward, on that very day, Members of Congress will move to cash balance benefit pension plans as well and see the same reduction in their benefits as do millions of American workers. Amazingly enough, they did not put that amendment on the floor.  