 Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I find myself feeling good that once today I can agree with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), and that is that the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Otter) has brought forth a very important amendment which is addressing an issue that I believe millions of Americans from very different political perspectives, whether they are conservatives, like the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Otter), or progressives like myself, or people in between, are demanding a tough examination of, and that is the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act.  Everybody in our country knows that on 9-11, 2001, a dastardly attack took place against our country and 3,000 innocent people were killed. And every Member of this Chamber pledges to do everything that we can to protect the American people from other acts of terrorism and to do everything that we can to wipe out terrorism throughout the world.  But what some of us very strongly believe is that we should not be undermining basic American constitutional rights in the fight against terrorism. We have strong law enforcement capabilities in this country to fight terrorism, and we have to support our law enforcement officials to do that. But we can fight terrorism without denying the American people their basic constitutional rights, and that is the point that I think the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Otter) is making today.  As my colleagues know, I am very disappointed on a similar issue, section 215, which deals with the FBI going into libraries and book stores all over this country with virtually no probable cause. That issue is not being debated. But I applaud my friend from Idaho for demanding that this body begin, just begin to take a hard look at the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, which passed so swiftly through this body where I think many honest Members will acknowledge that they really did not have the time to look at all aspects of that legislation.  So I rise in strong support of the Otter amendment, and I hope that it carries.  