 Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time.  California may have one-sixth of the Members in this body, Vermont does not. I am it and I rise in strong support of the Waters amendment.  The issue of preemption was hotly debated in the Committee on Financial Services, and on one side of that issue was virtually every consumer organization in America. Groups like the Consumer Federation of America, the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, Consumers Union, and many others. And some of us in the committee supported these consumer organizations, making the point that the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) just made. That in the nature of our government, we are the United States of America, there are 50 States in our country. And sometimes one State does something really good and a whole lot of other States learn from that State. And that is one of the reasons that we have a creative form of government with a lot of ideas that are flowing.  On the other side of that debate, of course, were the credit card companies and the banks. And let us be clear, they do not want strong consumer protection. They are the people who are charging individuals in this country 25 percent interest rates on their credit cards. They do not want to see governors and legislatures and attorneys general stand up strongly and protect consumers. So what ends up happening is that we have a national bill which has admittedly some good provisions in it, but at the same time, it takes away the ability of 50 States to go further.  So the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters), the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), and I and many others were fighting for higher Federal standards, more consumer protection, but at the same time, give California the right to go forward.  It is inconvenient. Well, democracy is inconvenient. Alabama does some things. Vermont does some things. We live together. We learn from each other. We argue with each other, but we do not take away, we should not take away the rights of the States to go further. I support this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment offered by Congresswoman Waters. This amendment would simply allow the 7 Fair Credit Reporting Act preemptions to expire, as Congress intended, on January 1, 2004 in order to allow the 50 states of this country to pass stronger consumer protection laws to improve the accuracy of credit reports and to aggressively fight identity theft.  I should note right off the bat that every major national consumer group in this country including the Consumer Federation of America, the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, Consumers Union, and the National Consumer Law Center all vigorously oppose state pre-emption. I would also like to tell you that the National Association of Attorneys General, representing all 50 States of this country, unanimously passed a resolution opposing the 7 FCRA state preemptions.  Mr. Chairman, you know my views on this subject. If my State of Vermont or your State of Ohio wants to pass laws that are stronger than the Federal Government's, we should give States that right. The States are the laboratories of Democracy. You know what happens here. If there is a particular identity theft crisis in Colorado and the Colorado State Legislature passes a law to correct this problem,and it works, what happens? Pretty soon, California may pass the same law. Then Nebraska. Then Maryland. And, eventually it filters up to the federal government and we have a good national law on the books. But, if this legislation is signed into law, we would permanently prevent the States from taking this action. We hear a lot of talk from conservatives about protecting the States and the American people against the big, bad and instrusive Federal Government. Well, call me a conservative on this issue because I believe that the 50 States in this country should be able to pass their own laws and should not be pre-empted by the Federal Government from passing stronger laws that protect consumers. So, I would say to my conservative friends on the other side of the aisle, vote for my amendment. It is consistent with your philosophy on the role of the government.  And to my Democratic friends on this side of the aisle, I ask all of you to vote for this amendment as well. Let us not forget that just last week, during a recent mark-up of the Securities Fraud Deterrence and Investor Restitution Act (H.R. 2179) in the Capital Markets Subcommittee, virtually every Democrat voted against preempting the states from taking strong enforcement actions against Wall Street firms that defraud investors. I agree. The 50 States of this country should not be prohibited from aggressively punishing corporate wrongdoing.  Today, we are dealing with the exact same issue: state preemption. But, this time it deals with consumer protection. Just like we should not prohibit States from aggressively punishing corporate wrongdoers, to my mind, we should also not permanently bar the states from aggressively punishing identity thieves and improving the accuracy of consumers' credit reports. Therefore, I hope my Democratic friends will vote for this amendment as well.  Mr. Chairman, as we all know, the newspapers are filled with horror stories about the harm being done to consumers by identity thieves. This problem is compounded by the shabby job done by the credit reporting system in ensuring that consumers' credit reports are accurate and up-to-date. States have been at the forefront of the effort to stop identity thieves and to clean up the credit reporting industry. The federal government should be a partner in that effort but should not pull the rug out from under the states. There is no greater impediment to consumer credit than a credit report full of errors. There is no reason to tie the states' hands.  We have heard from the financial services industry and the major credit bureaus that if we don't extend these state preemptions, the entire credit system will collapse. But, let us not forget, we had a national credit system before the 1996 state preemptions were inserted, and it worked well. For example, one of the witnesses that we heard from on this issue from Juniper Bank who supports preemption cited a study that showed ``in 1990, more than 70 percent of credit card balances were being charged more than an 18 percent annual interest rate. By 1993, only 34 percent of credit card balances were being charged more than 18 percent interest.''  Great study. All of the benefits to consumers just happened to be 3 years before the 1996 preemptions were enacted.  Another supporter of state preemption who testified at our first hearing from the Information Policy Institute pointed to another study that showed that credit card prices ``declined by almost 35 percent between the first quarter of 1984, and the fourth quarter of 1996,'' saving consumers ``about $30 billion per year.''  Again, great study. All of the benefits to consumers happended to occur before the 1996 state preemptions were enacted.  In addition, the 1996 FCRA amendments specifically grandfathered stronger consumer protection statutes in California, Massachusetts and Vermont from pre-emption. What have we seen in these 3 states that have stronger consumer protection laws in regards to credit reporting? We have seen that my State of Vermont now has the lowest rate of consumer bankruptcies in this country; the State of Massachusetts has the second lowest consumer bankruptcies in the United States; and California comes in ahead of the median. At a time when the United States as a whole experienced the highest rate of bankruptcy cases in history, increasing by 23 percent since 2000, I would say that these three examples gives us proof that stronger State consumer protection laws work.  What about mortgage rates? Well, the most recent data indicate that the State of California has the lowest effective rate for a conventional mortgage in the nation, and Vermont and Massachusetts were well below the median. Sounds pretty good to me.  In addition, let us not forget why the 1996 FCRA amendments were enacted. While identity theft complaints have been the number one complaint to the FTC each year since 2000, and in fact doubled from 2001 to 2002, it was credit bureau mistakes which were the number one complaint to the FTC 10 years earlier. And it was credit bureau mistakes, and complaints about them, that led Congress to the 1996 FCRA amendments. From 1990-92, according to a study by U.S. PIRG, mistakes in credit reports were the number one complaint to the FTC. What will the new crisis be? We don't know for sure. But, if we permanently preempt the States from acting on future problems, we will do this country a great disservice.  Moreover, if some of the new members don't believe Congress intended these preemptions to sunset, I would refer them to the floor statement of the former Ranking Member of the Banking Committee and former Republican Congressman from California Al McCandless who had this to say during the floor debate on this bill:  ``The issue over whether the Fair Credit Reporting Act should preempt more stringent State laws or whether it should permit States to enact tougher credit reporting statutes has been one of the single toughest issues for the Banking Committee to tackle. On the one hand, many of our Members like the idea of a national uniform standard. On the other, we do not want to tie the hands of State legislatures. I think that this compromise bill resolves the issue of preemption to most everyone's satisfaction. The Fair Credit Reporting Act as amended by this compromise bill, will be the law of the land for the next 8 years. It will provide consumers across the country with greater protection than is currently offered by any existing State statute. A uniform national standard will make compliance more straightforward and will facilitate the extension of credit to consumers. States will be able to enact more stringent legislation if necessary after 8 years.''  Let me repeat, ``States will be able to enact more stringent legislation if necessary after 8 years.''  That's what was said by the top Republican on the Banking Committee on the floor of the House when a compromise was reached on this bill. Let's stick to that compromise and support this amendment.  