  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, but I have to say that I think it will not do much good and that I think in many ways it deflects attention from the most important issue, which is not asking the Chinese to make changes in their currency but in fact asking the United States Congress and the President of the United States to make changes in our disastrous trade policies.  The bottom line is that right now in America, manufacturing is in a state of collapse. We have lost almost 3 million manufacturing jobs in the last 3 years. We are seeing our economy move from a General Motors economy to a Wal-Mart economy where workers are now earning poverty wages with minimalbenefits. There are a number of reasons for that, but one of the reasons is that our trade policy with China, with Mexico and other countries has failed. It is time to understand that and it is time to redo that.  The bottom line is that American workers should not and cannot be asked to compete against desperate people in China who work for pennies an hour. Does anyone here think that it makes sense to tell a manufacturing worker in America who earns $16 an hour, who has decent benefits, that he has got to compete against someone in China who makes 30 or 40 cents an hour, who if that person stands up and tries to form a union might get thrown in jail?  Is it fair to ask American manufacturers to compete against companies in China where there are virtually no environmental regulations and in a country which is becoming one of the most polluted countries in the world?  The reality now is that in the midst of a $435 billion overall trade deficit, we have a $120 billion trade deficit with China alone. The National Association of Manufacturers tells us that in the next 5 years that trade deficit could well grow to over $300 billion. Yes, we make exports to China but for every $1 that we export, we import $6.  The reality now is that we are hemorrhaging decent-paying jobs because, to a large degree, of a failed trade policy. The Republican leadership and many Democrats are going to have to own up to it. You have got to come forward and say to the American people, yeah, you think it is great for American workers to compete against people who make 30 cents an hour. You are going to have to tell small American manufacturers who want to do business in this country, who are patriotic, who want to employ American workers, that they are no longer going to have to compete against those companies who sell their products back in this country for a fraction of the price that American manufacturers can produce that product for.  So I say to my friend from Pennsylvania, your idea has some merit, but you are not getting to the root of the problem. The root of the problem is that one of the reasons that we are hemorrhaging decent-paying jobs is because of a failed trade policy, and that is why I have introduced legislation, H.R. 3228, which is winning bipartisan support, which says once and for all let us repeal permanent normal trade relations with China, let us develop a new trade relationship with that country which works not just for the large multinationals but works for the average American workers.  I very well remember the debate, as many of you do, about all of the advantages that PNTR with China would bring. We are going to bring some of those quotes back onto the floor of the House, because they were wrong. All of those people who told us about the jobs that were created were wrong. We are losing jobs. We have got to repeal PNTR with China.  