 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue. I think what is very interesting on this issue is that we are finding people from different philosophical perspectives, Republicans, Democrats, Independents, Conservatives, Progressives, Liberals, Moderates, coming together and making one very strong point. And while our analysis may be different, the bottom line that we all agree on is that it is simply unacceptable that the people of the United States year after year are forced to pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs, many of which are manufactured right here in this country.  As the gentleman from Minnesota knows, several years ago I took some of my constituents, and I was the first Member of Congress to do that, and being in Vermont we are right near the Canadian border, so we went from Franklin County, northern Vermont, over the border, and we had with us a number of women who were struggling with breast cancer, a terrible illness. They were able to purchase, and the gentleman has it right in his hands, a widely prescribed breast cancer drug called Tamoxifen.  These women could not believe their eyes when they ended up paying one-tenth the price, 10 percent of the price, in Montreal than they were paying in the State of Vermont.  Now, my view is that the time is long overdue for the Members of the United States Congress, Republicans, Democrats, Independents, to stand up to what I believe is the most powerful lobby in the history of our country. The pharmaceutical industry has spent hundreds of millions of dollars fighting every effort here in Congress. No matter what the idea is, they have fought it.  My understanding now, and my colleague can correct me if I am wrong, is that they are running ads all over the country against the concept of reimportation. They are lying about people's political beliefs. They are putting up and funding phony front organizations to represent their interests. And the point to be made, in my view, is that it is absurd that year after year, when the pharmaceutical industry leads all other industries in the profits that they make, when they have enough money to pay their CEOs exorbitant compensation packages, when they have enough money to have over 600 paid lobbyists, and, my friends, there are only 435 Members of the House, yet they have 600 lobbyists, former leaders of the Republican Party, former leaders of the Democratic Party, they are besieging the institution, that we cannot walk the hallways without bumping into a representative of the pharmaceutical industry telling Members of Congress, please, do everything you can to make sure that Americans continue to pay the highest prices in the world.  The last point I would make, and my friend from Michigan touched on this issue, I happen not to be an advocate of free trade. I think free trade in the last number of years has been a disaster for American workers, et cetera. But for all of those people in Congress, a majority of people, who think that it is okay to bring in products from China, to bring in vegetables from Mexico and Latin America, to bring in beef and pork bellies from Canada, if all of that is okay, how come we cannot bring FDA safety-regulated prescription drugs from Canada, which has a regulatory system quite as strong as the FDA? I would love our colleagues to tell me that answer.  