  Today we are considering legislation which encourages Members of Congress ``to participate in and support activities to provide decent homes for the people of the United States.''  I have no problem with this legislation. It would be very nice if Members of Congress worked together to build a few hundred units of affordable housing. The problem is that in the United States of America today, we have a housing crisis, and we do not need a few hundred units of new housing, we need hundreds of thousands of units of new housing. It is not acceptable for people to say it is so nice, we are volunteering our efforts.  Madam Speaker, we have children sleeping out in the street all over America. We have working families working 40 hours a week living in their cars, and Members of Congress building a few hundred housing units might make for good press releases and photos in newspapers, but it does nothing to address the housing crisis in this country.  While the affordable housing crisis in this country deepens, President Bush's proposed housing budget is 63 percent less than it was in 1976 during the last year of the Ford administration. While more than 3 million Americans will experience homelessness this year, including 1.3 million children, President Bush proposes to eliminate a $574 million a year program to revitalize public housing and recently refused to fully fund public housing operating expenses. While 4.9 million American families pay more than 50 percent of their limited incomes on housing, President Bush has proposed to block grant the Federal section 8 rental assistance program which would raise rents and jeopardize rental assistance for tens of thousands of families.  While President Bush says he supports expanding homeownership, the reality is that his initiatives have not produced a single home buyer in 2.5 years, and since the President took office, housing foreclosures have increased by 39 percent and home loan delinquencies have increased by 26 percent.  Last year the Bush administration care so much about affordable housing that they worked to defeat legislation that I introduced to provide the tools necessary to construct, rehabilitate and preserve at least 1.5 million affordable housing rental units over the last decade through a national affordable housing trust fund.  Madam Speaker, we are not going to give up. Just a few months ago, I reduced the National Affordable Housing Trust Fund, a proposal that would not only provide real solutions to the affordable housing crisis, but would also lead to the creation of some 1.8 million new jobs and nearly $50 billion in wages. This legislation currently has 200 tripartisan cosponsors, including 11 Republicans.  This bill currently has 200 tri-partisan co-sponsors, including 11 Republicans, and has been endorsed by over 4,000 groups representing labor unions, business leaders, religious organizations, environmental groups, bankers and affordable housing advocates.  At a time when 4.9 million Americans families are paying more than 50 percent of their limited incomes on housing and at least 800,000 people, including 200,000 children, are homeless on any given night, the federal government has a responsibility to correct this crisis.  If the Republican leadership and the Bush Administration truly wanted to ``participate in and support activities to provide decent homes for the people of the United States'' they would join me in supporting a National Affordable Housing Trust Fund and get this bill signed into law as soon as possible.  