 Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Hinchey amendment, which is, in many ways, consistent with legislation that I introduced which has 90 cosponsors.  Mr. Chairman, I think Thomas Jefferson, Tom Payne, James Madison, and some of the other Founding Fathers of our country understood the issue that we are discussing today very well.  It is a problem in our society that in industry after industry fewer and fewer large corporations control those industries. I think that is a very serious economic problem for this country. But it is a very different and even much more serious problem when a handful of large corporations control what the American people see, hear and read.  This is not just an economic problem. This is a problem that gets to the root of American democracy.  How can we vote intelligently? How can we come to reasonable positions on all of the important issues facing America unless we hear a diverse point of view?  I think most Americans understand that there is something profoundly wrong. For example, one example, in a Nation which is politically divided, where Al Gore got more votes than George Bush, where if you turn on talk radio in America the only debate that you hear on corporate radio is a debate between the right wing and the extreme right wing. That is not, in my view, an accident.  I think that many Americans understand that some of the most important issues facing our country, the devastating loss of manufacturing jobs, the fact that the minimum wage has not been raised in many, many years, the fact that we have the most unfair distribution of wealth and income of any major country, the fact that we are the only major nation on Earth that does not have a national health care program, the fact that we have so little discussion about these important issues certainly is related to the fact that the people who own our television industry are, without exception, major multinational corporations.  We have General Electric owning NBC, Disney owning ABC, Viacom owning CBS, the right-wing millionaire Rupert Murdock owning Fox, Time Warner owning CNN. I would remind Members of Congress never to forget that in the waning days of the authoritarian Soviet Union, there was not just one television station or one radio station or one newspaper, there were hundreds of radio stations and television stations and magazines and newspapers. The only problem was that all of that media was controlled by either the Communist Party of the Soviet Union or the Government of the Soviet Union.  So the idea that we have many, many newspapers or magazines or cable television stations is meaningless when we understand that virtually all of them are owned by a handful of large corporations who have enormous conflicts of interest.  What the Hinchey amendment is saying, and I think the overwhelming majority of Americans agree with him, is that it will be a very dangerous day in this country when people who live in midsize cities find that one company owns their television station and their radio station and their local newspaper.  Is that, my friends, what American democracy is supposed to be about? I think most of us think that it is not.  Now, I have heard some discussion about political tactics, about how dangerous it would be to pass this amendment. I would suggest that those people who are talking that language are playing inside-the-Beltway baseball and they are forgetting about the heat and the passion and the concern that tens of millions of people on the outside feel about this issue.  I can only tell you of my own experience in Vermont. We held a town meeting with Michael Copps of the FCC, and 600 people came out. We held another meeting where 400 people came out. And I believe that this feeling of concern about growing media consolidation exists all over the country. When the FCC allowed for people's opinion to come forward, 750,000 Americans contacted the FCC and 99 percent said, do not go forward with more media consolidation.  In my own city of Burlington, we used to have a number of radio stations reporting local news. Today there is one. Let us support the Hinchey amendment.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore (Mr. LaTourette). The time of the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) has expired.  (On request of Mr. Obey, and by unanimous consent, Mr. Sanders was allowed to proceed for 2 additional minutes.)  