 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is cosponsored by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee). It is also strongly supported by the Consumer Federation of America, the Consumers Union, the Electronic Privacy Information Center, the National Association of Consumer Advocates, the National Consumer Law Center, the New York Public Interest Research Group, the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, the Privacy Times, and the U.S. Public Interest Research Group. In other words, almost every major consumer organization in America is supporting this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment deals with an issue which is of growing concern to millions of credit card holders, and that is that, increasingly, credit card companies are engaging in an outrageous bait and switch practice which is costing consumers hundreds of millions of dollars.  This, Mr. Chairman, is how the scam works: In our country today, credit card companies are sending out over 5 billion solicitations a year. Yes, that is right, 5 billion pieces of mail are being sent to Americans every year in order to purchase this or that credit card. Sometimes I think about half of those solicitations come to my kids. Nonetheless, we are all receiving them. As we all know, these mailings very often have bold headlines stating zero percent interests rates for 6 months, or 2.5 percent interest rates for a year, or whatever. We all receive them.  Now, here, Mr. Chairman, is the scam and the bait and the switch. An individual fills out the form and purchases the credit card, and month after month after month, he or she pays the amount owed to the credit card company faithfully and on time. In other words, the individual consumer has fulfilled his or her end of the contract. But in the midst of this, something strange happens. People are paying up on time, but suddenly the interest rate skyrockets, despite the individual making their payment on time.  Now, how can this happen? How can interest rates double or triple when the individual has fulfilled the obligations of the credit card company and made payments on time and never has gone over the credit card limit?  Well, it happens because the credit card issuers, companies like Chase Manhattan, Citigroup or Bank One, have decided all on their own that the consumer has become a greater financial risk, even when that consumer has in every instance paid their credit card bill on time.  What happens is the company obtains information from their customer's credit report which indicates a late payment on another financial transaction, another transaction. Perhaps the consumer might have been late in paying a student loan or a mortgage payment or a medical bill, and because the individual was late paying off another financial transaction, having nothing to do with the credit card they have from this company, the credit card company raises interest rates on their transaction with that individual.  Even more outrageous, credit card companies are raising interest rates when the consumer has never been late on any payment, and here is the crime there: There is an illness in the family. Somebody borrows money to pay off a medical bill; and, because they have committed that terrible crime of borrowing money for a medical reason, interest rates will go on the credit card, although they have never been late on any payment.  That is absurd, that is unfair, and that is a rip-off of the American people. At a time when the Federal Reserve has lowered short-term interest rates 13 times, why do we have consumers in this country paying 16 percent, 26 percent, even 29 percent APR on their credit cards?  Furthermore, Mr. Chairman, the Committee on Financial Services and my Subcommittee of Financial Institutions, of which I am the ranking member on, have heard from a number of witnesses about the inaccuracies of credit reports. According to freecreditinsight.com, over 70 percent of credit reports contain errors, so the credit reporting agency makes a mistake and your interest rates go zooming up.  By charging higher interest rates, the profits of credit card companies skyrocket and consumers grow deeper and deeper into debt. Is it any wonder why bankruptcies in the U.S. are now at an all time high, increasing by 23 percent since 2000?  Mr. Chairman, this is the issue. This is a very simple issue. It is an issue of fairness. If I take out a credit card and the credit card company says to me you have to pay up at a certain time and your interest rates are such-and-such, and I do that every single month, that is what the deal should be. And, if I am late, if I go above the amount of credit that I agreed to, well, I agree, they have a right to penalize me. They do not have a right to double or triple my interest rates when I pay my bills on time and because I took out a loan because my wife might have been ill.  Mr. Chairman, Congress has a responsibility to stop the credit card industry from ripping off consumers by this deceptive and unfair practice. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment to restrict the credit card interest rate bait and switch.  Specifically, this amendment would prohibit credit card issuers from using negative information contained in their customers' credit reports, such as a late payment on a student loan, a lower credit score, a new mortgage or new loan to pay for medical emergency or an error in a credit report, as a reason to double or triple credit card interests rates.  Importantly, as part of a compromise worked out at the committee level, this amendment has been crafted so that if a consumer is at least 60 days delinquent on any other credit card or debt, the credit card company could still use that information to increase the interest rates of their customers.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  