President, I rise today, joined by my friend, Senator Whitehouse, to recognize the life of Paul Crowley, a Rhode Island State Representative who distinguished himself with an extraordinary career as a business leader and particularly as a civic leader in the State of Rhode Island.  Paul passed away on September 24, 2007, after serving nearly 27 years as a member of the Rhode Island General Assembly. Indeed, I had the privilege and pleasure of serving with Paul years ago. He was a friend to me. He was a source of wise counsel, and he was someone who was universally admired for his commitment, particularly his commitment to children.  Paul's passion was to try to reform the educational system of Rhode Island. He brought that passion with him every day to the State House in Providence. He was someone who was unafraid of taking on anybody when it came to helping children perform better in school. It was not confrontation for the sake of confrontation; it was constructive, robust debate--always with the focus on improving the opportunities for children to learn in our State so they can take those skills and build strong families, a strong community, and a great nation.  Paul is a contemporary. He was born, as I was, in 1949. He graduated from the University of Rhode Island in 1973 and was first elected as a Democrat from Newport in 1981. In the intervening years he has, more than any one person in Rhode Island, profoundly shaped education policy for our State. As I said, he took it upon himself with a passion, with a commitment, with a sense that this country is all about opportunity, and the greatest engine of opportunity for Americans is a good public education.  He was an unstinting advocate. He was someone who understood the nature of the educational process. He worked ceaselessly, tirelessly, and he bore the frustrations of public service with a sense of purpose. At the end of his career, he could look back at profound changes for the better in the educational system of Rhode Island.  He was way ahead of his time in terms of emphasizing school accountability, standards-based reform, and measuring student progress. Years before these ideas were embraced and supported at the Federal level, Paul was talking about them at the State level and led a State-wide reform effort. He was committed to making sure education was available for all our citizens, regardless of race, background, or income; that they would have access to a high-quality public education as a foundation to higher education.  He was also an advocate for career and technical education, understanding that one size does not fit all; that the essence of education is finding the talent in that child and giving that child the opportunity to use that talent. For many, it is career and technical education.  He understood that in this new global economy, Americans could not stand pat when it came to education. Theyhad to be better than they were before, better than the rest of the world. He fought for that vigorously and tirelessly.  He was someone who understood it very well and every day gave his all so every child in our State would have a better chance to make the progress that is the essence of this country and seize all its opportunities.  Paul's greatest passion was for his family, Diana, and their three children, Meredith, Matthew, and Edward. In his family, he has a reflection of all the values he stood for, honesty, decency, integrity, effort, success and community spirit--reaching out to help others. All of these good people do it every day. They are inspired and sustained by his example.  Also high among his cherished ideals was his Irish heritage. Paul looked like a map of Ireland, with a shock of white hair and his ruddy complexion and his great Irish tenor voice. He would sing Irish ballads with his musical group, and he would remind us all of the great poets of Ireland and the great dreamers of Ireland. But similar to many of them, he transformed the songs, the poems, and the dreams into real action.  Today we come to this floor to praise him, to thank him, to let his family know what they already know. He has won the esteem and the love of his neighbors in Rhode Island, richly deserved for a life well spent serving others.  I yield the floor.  