President, I strongly support passage of S. 1642, the Higher Education Amendments of 2007.  This important bipartisan legislation, which I helped craft as a Member of the Senate Education Committee, would reauthorize the Higher Education Act for the first time since 1998, expand college access and affordability for students and their families, and ensure that teachers have the necessary skills and supports to effectively raise student achievement in the classroom.  This bill builds on our passage last week of the Higher Education Access Act, which makes a nearly $14 billion investment in additional need-based grant assistance for low-income students. That bill also helps middle-class students and families pay down and manage their loan debt by capping monthly loan payments at 15 percent of their discretionary income. And it sends a signal about the need for more talented young people to become nurses, teachers, and librarians by offering them loan forgiveness if they continue in public-service professions for 10 years.  Earlier this year, I introduced a bill aimed at making it easier for families to fill out the financial aid form that all students have to fill out to see if they can get tuition assistance. I called the bill the FAFSA Act, Financial Aid Form Simplification and Access Act. It is based on the recommendations of experts and should help make a sometimes difficult process less time consuming and frustrating. First, it would phase out the complex, one-size-fits-all long form at 7 pages and over 90 questions, using the savings to employ ``smart'' technology to create a tailored online application form to ensure that students answer only the minimum number of questions necessary. Second, the bill would establish a short paper EZ-FAFSA application form, similar to the IRS's 1040-EZ, for the lowest-income students. Third, this legislation allows students to apply for financial aid earlier, and it creates a pilot program to test an early application system under which students apply for aid and receive an aid estimate or determination in their junior year of high school. I am pleased that these provisions are included in the bill the Senate is passing today.  