President, I am pleased to bring the fiscal year 2008 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and related agencies appropriations bill to the Senate. This is a unique bill for many reasons, not the least of which is it is the first appropriations bill that will be considered under the requirements of S. 1, the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007. On August 2, 2007, the Senate approved S. 1 by a vote of 83 to 14, clearing the measure for the President's signature. When signed by the President, this ethics reform legislation will significantly improve the transparency and accountability of the legislative process.  Although the White House has requested the Senate not submit the legislation to the President until he returns from his overseas travels, I wish to assure Senators we intend to abide by the requirements of S. 1 during the consideration of this bill. The legislation requires that the chairman of the committee of jurisdiction certify that certain information related to congressionally directed spending be identified and that the required information be available on a publicly accessible congressional Web site in a searchable format at least 48 hours before a vote on the pending bill.  The information required includes identification of the congressionally directed spending and the name of the Senator who requested such spending. This information is contained in the committee report numbered 110-85, dated June 18, 2007, and has been available on the Internet for over 2 months.  In addition, pursuant to the standards required by Chairman Byrd and Senator Cochran, letters from each Member with a congressionally directed spending item in this bill or accompanying report are available on the Internet certifying that neither the Senator, nor his or her spouse, has a pecuniary interest in such spending item.  I am submitting for the Record the certification by the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Senator Byrd: I certify that the information that will be      required by S. 1, when it becomes law, related to      congressionally directed spending, has been identified in the      Committee report numbered 110-85, filed on June 18, 2007, and      that the required information has been available on a      publicly accessible congressional website in a searchable      format at least 48 hours before a vote on the pending bill.  