President, 5 years ago today, Senator Paul Wellstone, his wife Sheila, his daughter Marcia, and three of his staff perished in a plane crash.  This was a tragic loss to the Wellstone family, including his two surviving sons, David and Mark, his State, our Nation, and this body.  His passion, energy, and commitment on behalf of the ``little guys''--all those without a voice, including children, the poor, the homeless, victims of domestic violence, the mentally ill--serves as an example to us all.  He was a champion for all those who needed one, and for doing what is right. This was well-illustrated in his unwavering devotion to the fight for mental health parity, robust education funding, and affordable housing.  Senator Wellstone worked tirelessly to achieve fairness in the treatment of mental illness. On September 18, the Senate unanimously passed mental health parity. In the other body, the Paul Wellstone Mental Health and Addiction Equity Act recently moved through committee.  We must continue the fight toward final passage of mental health parity. I look forward to that day, which will be a historic achievement, and an enduring memorial to the life of this great man.  I was honored to serve with Senator Wellstone for over 4 years on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. He was a consistent and powerful advocate for increased education funding and ensuring our children possess the necessary skills and tools to compete in an ever-expanding global economy.  During the debates on the No Child Left Behind Act in 2001, he would say, ``We cannot realize the goal of leaving no child behind on a tin cup budget.'' Unfortunately, today we are still struggling to provide more than that ``tin cup'' budget as the President has cumulatively underfunded title I of the No Child Left Behind Act, the Federal Government's most significant commitment to K-12 education, by over $43 billion since its enactment. As such, his words seem more appropriate than ever.  Senator Wellstone worked on a multitude of issues, but I want to touch on just one other today, and that is affordable housing. At Senator Wellstone's suggestion, on April 15, 2002, I flew out to Minnesota to hold a Banking Committee Subcommittee on Housing and Transportation field hearing on ``Affordable Housing and Working Families.''  At the time, Minnesota had one of the Nation's highest rates of homeownership, yet one of the worst affordable rental housing shortages in the country. It was our hope that we could learn more about the affordable housing crisis impacting working families, and how government could best work with the private sector to address the problem.  Paul's passion for this issue and his special connection to his constituents was apparent throughout this hearing. He was intent on figuring out what obstacles stood in the way of creating more affordable housing, and what the Federal Government could do to help. Paul believed in democracy with a small ``d,'' and he allowed anyone in the audience who had something to say to come up to the microphone and tell the U.S. Senate what it might do to help.  Paul's untimely death was a huge blow to many of us. He inspired us every day to focus on those who were less fortunate, and that legacy must continue to live on.  (At the request of Mr. Reid, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 