. Res. 20, the resolution that is funding the Government for the remainder of the fiscal year.  I particularly want to talk about the veterans health care issues in this continuing resolution. This is not a perfect solution to the problem of funding our Government going forward. Nevertheless, it is, I believe, an equitable and fiscally responsible approach, particularly since we are trying to address the failure of the leadership in the last Congress to pass all the appropriations bills.  We are in a very difficult position where this continuing resolution will get us through this fiscal year and allow us to begin to work on the following year 2008 fiscal year appropriations bills and budget so we can take all of those in regular order and hopefully pass them all by the end of this fiscal year, which would be September 30. The continuing resolution we are discussing today freezes the level of spending at most agencies at fiscal year 2006 levels, while at the same time increasing funding for priorities such as caring for our Nation's veterans. This is one of the key priorities Senator Byrd and others insisted upon. Frankly, I want to commend Senator Byrd for his leadership, as well as other members of the Appropriations Committee, for bringing this continuing resolution to the floor.  The resolution before the Senate would make veterans funding a priority by adding $3.6 billion above the fiscal year 2006 appropriated levels for the VA health care system. This is one of the few areas where there is a substantial growth in spending, and it is appropriate. If we do not take care of our veterans, then we are breaking a trust that they established by serving valiantly in the uniform of the United States, and we are sending a very bad signal to those young men and women who serve today. We honor their sacrifice by taking care of today's veterans, and certainly giving them the confidence that they will be taken care of in the future.  The VA estimates it will treat 219,000 more patients in fiscal year 2007 than it did in fiscal year 2006. So obviously they need the increased resources. The VA estimates it will have 4.2 million more outpatient visits this year than it did in fiscal year 2006, and the Veterans' Administration estimates it will treat almost 26,000 more patients on an inpatient basis this year than it did last year. For medical services and administration not provided, this increase would mean that the VA would be short more than $250 million a month--not total but $250 million a month--in funding for critical medical services, leaving the VA with littlechoice but to push out waiting times, defer maintenance, and put off purchasing new equipment.  Included in this $3.6 billion increase is an additional $271 million for medical facilities. First-rate medical facilities are essential to deliver first-rate health care services to our veterans. The additional funding will ensure that leaky roofs and broken pipes will be fixed in a timely fashion. It also means there will be no disruption in food and dietetic services for veterans seeking inpatient care at any of our VA medical centers throughout the Nation.  These are not designed to scare veterans or the American people, that the VA was close to facing some of these maintenance problems and some of these basic problems of feeding veterans at hospitals. That is the reality unless we act today. That is why it is so essential that we not only increase this funding for the Veterans' Administration but we also pass this continuing resolution in a timely fashion.  We don't need to look too far back in history to see what shortchanges at the VA would mean. This Senate stood united on both sides of the aisle a year and a half ago when the administration's poor actuarial modeling and budget created a shortfall of almost $3 billion. It was the Congress that responded. If we do not pass this resolution, which includes the needed additional funding for the Veterans' Administration health care system, we will have no one to blame but ourselves for this shortfall.  I don't think we can face veterans and active soldiers and say we did not pass this budget, this continuing resolution. That is why the resolution made veterans the No. 1 priority. They have defended this country bravely, honorably, and at a minimum we owe them this increase.  I thank Chairman Byrd for his leadership. I urge my colleagues to swiftly pass this measure so we can continue to serve those veterans who have served this country so well.  I yield the floor.  