This is commensurate with the deed that originally granted this property to the United States back in 1888. The deed reads as follows:       Whereas, by an act of Congress approved March 2, 1887, to      provide for the location and erection of a branch home for      the disabled volunteer soldiers west of the Rocky Mountains,      the board of managers of the National Home for Disabled      Volunteer Soldiers are authorized, empowered, and directed to      locate, establish, construct and permanently maintain a      branch of said National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.  The purpose of this donation and the purpose that has been preserved over these many years has been to provide a place where veterans can be hospitalized, and it has become part of not only the Veterans' Administration system, it has become part of the culture of the community of Los Angeles.  The purpose of the original deed has been reaffirmed numerous times. It was reaffirmed in 2002 by then-VA Secretary Anthony Principi when he visited the site and when he issued a May 2004 decision regarding plans for the modernization of VA facilities nationwide. In fact, a document released by the VA previewing the September 6, 2005, Capital Asset Realignment for Enhanced Services--the CARES process--of the local advisory panel meeting regarding the west L.A. VA site states the following:       It is important that the VA preserve the integrity of the      land originally granted for use as an old Soldier's home.  And that is the purpose of the language included in the appropriations bill by Senator Feinstein.  The CARES process was akin to the BRAC process used for the military, going around and looking at the uses of all the Veterans' Administration facilities around the country and concluding what is the best and highest purpose.  It is terribly important that the conclusion of this panel, very recently, is that it is important that the VA preserve the integrity of the land originally granted for use as an Old Soldiers' Home. That is what Senator Feinstein proposes to do, and it would be undercut by the amendment of Senator DeMint.  I join Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer as they are trying not only to preserve the integrity of this land but also to preserve the integrity of the community of west Los Angeles.  I had occasion to drive by this area, and I will stand corrected by the local geographic experts, but it is a place of open space and tranquility in a very large metropolitan area. So it is a value beyond the VA system; it is avalue to the community of Los Angeles. That is why there is a huge number of supporters of this initiative by Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer: the County of Los Angeles, the city of Los Angeles, Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky, chairman of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors, Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, Representative Waxman, our colleagues in the House--all these individuals are standing shoulder to shoulder on this issue. This is consistent with the original donation of the land. It is consistent with the evaluation of the Veterans' Administration as to how they should use the land, and it is consistent with the community of Los Angeles.  I applaud and commend the Senators from California for their efforts.  I yield the floor.  