President, I rise to pay tribute to an outstanding Rhode Islander and a superb employee of the Senate who is retiring after 34 years of Federal service--my friend, my colleague, someone I admire immensely, Dennis P. Riley.  Dennis Riley has worked in my Providence office since I was elected to the Senate. But before that, he was a longtime employee of Senator Claiborne Pell, my predecessor. Dennis was born in Pawtucket, RI, on March 3, 1948, and attended St. Raphael's Academy. He went on to earn a bachelor of science in history and political science at the University of Wisconsin in 1971.  He taught history for a brief time in the Pawtucket School System and was a graduate student in the Masters in Teaching Program at Rhode Island College. In 1972, he became the field coordinator for U.S. Senator Claiborne Pell's reelection campaign and formed a bond with Senator Pell and public service that lasts to this day.  Dennis came to serve on the personal staff of Senator Pell, first as a staff assistant in Washington, DC, from 1973 to 1978. But in recognition of those skills and the commitment he brought to bear as a staff member for Senator Pell, Senator Pell chose Dennis to serve as his campaign manager for his next successful reelection effort. So Dennis returned to Rhode Island and successfully planned and executed the Senator's reelection campaign.  From 1979 to Senator Pell's final day in office, Dennis worked as assistant director of the Senator's Rhode Island office. He was a trusted employee of Senator Pell, and, more importantly, Dennis remains close to the Pell family today.  As Senator from 1961 to 1997, Senator Claiborne Pell's legacy includes establishing Pell grants as well as creating the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. Senator Pell was also noted as a diplomat, and he served with distinction as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. Senator Pell's legacy is a model for all of us, particularly for myself. Dennis Riley is a testament and a part of that tradition of talented and conscientious public servants who labor, perhaps in the shadows, but it is their work that is decisive in our success on the floor.  After Senator Pell retired, and the people of Rhode Island gave me the chance to continue his good works, Senator Pell spoke so highly of Dennis that I asked him to join my staff. It is one of the best decisions I have ever made. He brought with him a keen knowledge of the workings of the Senate, a history and knowledge of Rhode Island politics, good judgment, great wisdom, and great character. In the ensuing years, we have become dear friends, and he is a trusted adviser.  During his tenure with my office, Dennis has worked on special projects and has assisted hundreds of agencies and organizations as they sought Federal assistance and thousands of Rhode Islanders who needed help, who needed someone to listen to their stories, and to let them know there is a government that cares about them, because Dennis Riley is a person who cares deeply, not just about Government but about the people we serve.  In Rhode Island, he has been involved in crafting many public policy initiatives, and he has been particularly active as my point person on Federal grants and the applications process for the Appropriations Committee.  He has shepherded projects through. He has brought people together for the common good. He has made a significant impact on the economic vitality of my State. Although Dennis's name will never be lauded in the news reports or press releases, his hand is seen in so many efforts to make our State an even better place to live, work, and raise our families.  Everyone who knows Dennis sees him as a kind and decent man, with a great heart, a great mind--someone we are proud to call a dear friend.  His compassion and quick Irish wit are legendary. For years, transplanted Rhode Islanders in Washington, DC, and politicos in our State eagerly awaited, every day, the ``Riley Report''--a carefully crafted summary of the day's topical stories, political news, and a retelling of the events of the day in Rhode Island. This complete and unbiased commentary of the author provided the ``real story,'' very often, of what was going on in Rhode Island.  Well, after his distinguished service to the Senate for 34 years, Dennis now will be retiring to his beloved home in Little Compton, RI, with his wife--the love of his life--Kathy McLaughlin Riley. Kathy is a warm and lovely person, who has devoted her life to educating children. She is an elementary teacher at the Elizabeth Baldwin School in Pawtucket, and she will soon join Dennis in retirement.  In their well-deserved retirement, Dennis and Kathy plan to travel extensively. They are avid baseball enthusiasts, and they plan to visit all the ballparks they have not yet seen. It will be an inspiring and interesting trip for both of them.  He will also be spending time caring for his family, including creating more memories with his many nieces and nephews who so treasure his company. I wish both Kathy and Dennis much happiness and fulfillment in the years ahead.  Now, on behalf of myself--and also I will take the liberty to speak on behalf of my esteemed predecessor, Senator Claiborne Pell--I would ask all my colleagues in the Senate, who treasure, as I do, the loyalty and the devotion of their staffs, to join me in paying tribute to a stellar Senate employee, Dennis Riley.  Rhode Island has been honored by his service, and the Reed staff will fondly remember his time with them. We formed a lasting bond that will never be severed, and we treasure that bond.  As Dennis files the final ``Riley Report,'' I wish him every good wish.  Now, Dennis is Irish, and that means he has a rather somber view of the world. He has a saying on his office door that reads: ``There is nothing so bad that it can't get worse.'' That is a typically Irish sentiment. As we send him off, however, let me offer another sentiment. Dennis:       May the saddest day of your future be no worse       Than the happiest day of your past.  Thank you for your friendship, and thank you for your service.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  