President, the Senator from Arizona is correct, every uniformed Chief of service came before us and said the greatest crisis facing the military process was sequestration, the Budget Control Act, and they asked us to change it, and we didn't change it.  If we are going to change it, then we have to make every effort and take every step to make those changes, and that is the point I have tried to raise in this committee--not by eliminating the funds available to the military but by making these funds subject to responsible action with following the request of the defense officials to eliminate sequestration. I think we should do it as soon as possible. If we don't take every opportunity to make that case and every action possible to make that case, then we will be essentially rejecting the advice of our senior military leaders.  Suggesting that this bill is somehow so totally disconnected to the appropriations process is belied by the title of the bill. This is an act to authorize appropriations for the fiscal year 2016 for the military activities for the Department of Defense, for military construction, the defense activities in the Department of Energy. We are directly linked to the appropriations process. In the ideal world, the one that we authorize and would like to see, nothing can be appropriated, no dime can be spent, unless we have authorized it.  What we have done, effectively, in the bill--and I think it is not because it is the chairman's first choice but because it was the only available option given the budget resolution--is that we have taken the overseas contingency account, bolstered it up dramatically, and set a new sort of pathway, which next year, unless we resolve this issue of the Budget Control Act, we will come back again with more money--and the following year.  Also, as has been pointed out, we will have situations where we will find some very strange things happening in our OCO account, because we can't fund legitimate concerns of the government in other areas because of caps. That is essentially what happened in the eighties. That is why we have a significant amount of medical research money in the Department of Defense--not because the Department of Defense does it but because that was the only available option in the eighties and nineties to get money to where we thought we would need it.  I think the other issue here, too, is very implicit in our activity, which is that this bill is aimed at the Department of Defense and the military activities of the Department of Energy. Our national security is much more than that. 