President, International trade is a vital part of our Nation's economy. Nearly one-third of the country's gross domestic product is supported by trade in goods and services and, indeed, my State of Rhode Island exported goods totaling $2.4 billion in 2014. It is also a key component of our international partnerships and global security efforts.  However, the question today is not whether we should engage in trade. It is about the bill before us, and whether trade promotion authority, TPA, so-called ``fast-track,'' is in our best interest. It remains my view that Congress has a critical role to play in thoroughly vetting trade agreements. Passing this legislation takes away this role, reducing Congressional approval to an up-or-down vote. The bill before us today would also prohibit amendments and limit debate to just 20 hours. I believe that the scope and complexity of modern trade agreements demand more time for debate and a greater ability to contribute than this framework provides.  Further, this bill allows for a 6-year grant of TPA, meaning that any trade agreement under any administration over the next several years could receive this expedited approval. A number of trade agreements are currently being negotiated and it is impossible to know what additional trade deals may be pursued and what other factors, both here and abroad, may change over the course of the next several years. Given this, I do not think that Congress should vote to limit its own oversight, particularly for such a long period of time.  I also have concerns about the negotiating objectives set forth in this package. We need negotiating objectives that are enforceable. Without stronger and more concrete language on a number of key issues including currency manipulation, labor, and environmental standards, these negotiating objectives are unlikely to make an impact or be seen as a critical component for reaching a deal by our partners. For this reason, I joined Senators Portman and Stabenow and many of our colleagues in cosponsoring and voting for amendment 1299, which, had itpassed, would have established a negotiating objective that urges the administration to press for rules against currency manipulation that are enforceable and consistent with IMF obligations. Without strengthening this and other objectives within TPA, they become mere suggestions, failing to afford critical protection to American workers and interests.  I commend the work of Chairman Hatch and Ranking Member Wyden, along with Senator Brown and other colleagues, to find a path forward for the customs and African Growth and Opportunity Act, AGOA, reauthorization bills that we passed last week, which I was pleased to join a majority of my colleagues in supporting. I am also pleased that a path forward has been found for Trade Adjustment Assistance, TAA, which I have consistently supported. Most recently, I cosponsored Senator Brown's amendment to raise TAA funding levels to better support workers who have been displaced by trade. We all know that trade is not a tide that equally lifts all boats, and, so while I am pleased that TAA appears to be moving forward at this time, I am disappointed that the Brown amendment to enhance support for TAA did not pass.  We need to set the highest bar for our trade policy. It needs to advance our strategic and national interests while ensuring that American workers are in the best position to compete in this global economy. They deserve nothing less, and, in my view, TPA simply does not do enough to protect workers in my State of Rhode Island and across the country. For these reasons, I must oppose this legislation.  