President, I rise today to join my colleagues in support of a clean, short-term continuing resolution--or, as we say, a CR--to temporarily fund the government without controversial policy riders. After the vote we just had, I hope we can move to such a measure. Even some Republican leaders have acknowledged that this previous vote was a show vote designed to appease, but to fail. It is part of a troubling pattern that has been emerging over many months of avoiding meaningful, bipartisan talks to fix the budget and waiting until the last moment to deal with issues everyone knows must be addressed.  We have an obligation to the American people to keep their government working. It is one of the most basic responsibilities we have as Members of Congress. A clean CR at this juncture fulfills this obligation, keeping the government open for a few more weeks while we work on a plan to eliminate the sequester-level budget caps for defense and nondefense programs. I wish we could have begun work on an overall agreement earlier in the year, as Vice Chairwoman Mikulski and others strongly urged months ago, but at this late hour we should pass this short-term measure and move on to serious negotiations on budget caps for this year and beyond.  Shutting the government down now will not serve any useful purpose. What a shutdown will do is waste taxpayers' money and hurt the economy. Indeed, the 2-week Republican government shutdown in 2013 cost our economy billions of dollars. Based on that experience, here is some of what we can expect if there is another forced government shutdown this year:  The Department of Housing and Urban Development will have to furlough more than 95 percent of its workforce, impacting services to more than 60 field and regional offices nationwide. Payments will be delayed to the roughly 3,000 local public housing authorities that manage the country's publicly assisted housing programs. In fact, this shifts the burden onto them, causing them to turn to local municipalities that are equally stressed in terms of their budgets. So there is no avoidingthis pain--in fact, it will be multiplied if we shut down the government.  Thousands of home sales and mortgage-refinancing packages backed by the Federal Housing Administration, the FHA, will be put on standby. People who are ready to close, people who are ready to make a commitment to a home, people who are ready to keep this economy moving will be told: Stand back; wait and see.  Cities, counties, and States will not be able to move forward with new community development block grant projects, preventing important local economic investment. This is a program which affects every community in this country, and it is something which is a very positive, constructive way to give local leaders the resources to fund the local initiatives the community desperately wants and needs. This is not Big Washington; this is local America getting a chance to see their projects put in place.  The Federal Aviation Administration will not be able to certify new aircraft, interrupting billions of dollars in sales.  The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration will be forced to stop investigations and emergency response training.  Classrooms will be shuttered for 700 midshipmen at the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point, NY. These are young men and women who are committing themselves to serve the Nation either directly in the armed services of the United States or as members of our merchant fleet. They will basically be told to go home.  Financial support will stop for the Maritime Security Program, the MSP. This is an important public-private partnership that is critical to sustaining our troops serving overseas.  These are just a few examples from two of the Departments under my purview as the ranking member of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Subcommittee. There are many other examples throughout the Federal Government that my colleagues are talking about today.  Knowing the results that shutdowns and these hardball tactics have brought before, it is hard to believe some still are willing to resort to budget brinksmanship again.  I know many of my colleagues on the other side share my concern. I particularly wish to commend Senator Collins, who has been an excellent leader in chairing the THUD subcommittee, for her support for a clean CR. She has done extraordinary work under very difficult and challenging circumstances. Her support for a clean CR so that we can negotiate a longer term budget solution is indicative of the kind of forthright, thoughtful, and in some cases very courageous service she has rendered to Maine and to the country.  While we focus on the immediate showdown threat, let's remember the bigger threats we face in 2016. We are here because of the Budget Control Act and its attendant sequester-level caps on discretionary spending. Let's remember that these sequester-level caps were never intended to be implemented. At the time BCA was enacted, the cuts were considered to be extreme--in fact, so extreme that Congress would not ever let them happen, that they would embrace defense and nondefense, and that they would be an action-forcing mechanism--not an actuality of law but an action-forcing mechanism to cause us on a bipartisan basis to come up with long-term budget solutions. Unfortunately, that solution did not materialize.  Over time, we had the very good work of Senator Murray and Congressman Paul Ryan to come up with a 2-year suspension, but we are right back where we were, and these sequester caps are staring us right in the face. But today, rather than working together to tackle the sequester, we are on the verge of orchestrating another fiscal crisis. And it is not a crisis that will help the American people; rather, it will hinder the American people. And, indeed, it is ironic because Members on both sides recognize the BCA cap should be raised for both defense and nondefense appropriations.  Indeed, both the Defense authorization and the Defense appropriations bills carry bipartisan sense-of-the-Senate language that says: ``Sequestration relief must be accomplished for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.'' And, ``Sequestration relief should include equal defense and nondefense relief.'' So you have a bipartisan consensus on these two committees that represent a significant number of our colleagues who are essentially saying: We have to end this. And they are saying it because they believe, as I do, that our national security rests not just upon adequate elements of the Department of Defense but adequate investment for all our Federal programs.  So beyond committing a clean, short-term funding bill, we must focus on eliminating these draconian spending caps imposed on us by the BCA. We know these caps will cause real harm to programs across the Federal Government that our States and constituents rely on.  These are not academic issues that could be dismissed as being some programs that are ineffective and less limiting. These are across-the-board cuts that hit all our constituents and hit them hard.  Indeed, months ago Chairman McCain and I together wrote to urge the Committee on the Budget to include a higher baseline funding amount for the Department of Defense in the budget resolution. We were essentially asking them to ignore the BCA caps and produce a budget that realistically recognizes the base needs of the Department of Defense--not the one-time spending of OCO contingency but routine spending that would be projected forth.  Senator McCain in particular worked in extraordinarily good faith to try to get such a provision included in the budget resolution, but he did not succeed. And, in response, the use of OCO contingency funds was incorporated to skirt the budget caps. Essentially, what the committee has done--the defense authorization committee--is it has taken the President's budget numbers, but moved money out of the base budget into OCO, beyond the President's request. And what you are doing is creating this OCO funding mechanism--in a sense, a gimmick, really--to cover the real cost--the ongoing cost, the routine continuing cost--of the Department of Defense. That is not good budgeting, and it is not good for Defense either.  Because of this I was unable to support legislation on the floor for the Defense authorization bill that in many other respects--virtually every other respect--was extremely well done and extremely thought out. Again, I commend the chairman for all his efforts and those of my colleagues.  I clearly disagree that using this OCO funding arrangement--gimmick, sleight of hand, whatever you want to call it--is the way to proceed forward. Relying on it essentially preempts defense from the Budget Control Act and leaves everything else under those onerous caps. As I said, that not only does not adequately and realistically fund defense, but it seriously erodes national security because national security is something more than simply what the Department of Defense does. It is the Department of State, the Department of Homeland Security, and it is a myriad of other functions that will not see funding. In fact, they will see their funding begin to shrink dramatically.  If we use this approach this year, with the argument that it is just a bridge to the day we finally get ourselves together, I think we are deluding ourselves. It would be much easier next year to put even more money into OCO, to take programs that are traditionally funded through the base budget of the Department of Defense and say: Well, we just don't have room. Let's put it in OCO. It becomes the gift that keeps on giving, and it will not provide the real resources and the certainty the Department of Defense needs over many years to plan for their operations.  To stick things in 1-year funding is not to tell the Department of Defense: You can be confident that 2 or 3 years from now, when you are developing that new weapons system platform, the money will be there. It may, but again, it may not. We can't give them that insecurity. We have to give them a sense of certainty.  Now, this is a view that is shared not just by myself and some colleagues here on both sides of the aisle but by senior Defense Department officials. They have testified repeatedly before our committee that OCO funding does not provide long-term budget certainty. They need that. And thetroops--the men and women they lead--need that.  In fact, it really just allows DOD to plan for 1 year. And there are very few programs in the Department of Defense that are 1-year programs. A major weapons system is a multiyear development and then there is the production process. The strategy is not year by year. It is over several years at least. So this is not an efficient and effective way to run the organization. Proper budgeting and planning in the Department of Defense requires at least 5 years. That is the standard. The standard measure is a 5-year program forecast, budget forecast, and we are telling them: Well, this year you can have a bonanza of OCO funds. Next year could be more, could be less, could be much less.  This is not the way to efficiently allocate resources for national security and to efficiently develop a strategy to counteract an increasing array of threats around the globe in many different dimensions in many different regions. If we go down this path, it will lead to instability for our troops, their families, and for our defense industrial base. They deserve certainty, not a year-to-year, perhaps-maybe, maybe-perhaps approach.  We also need to recognize, as I have repeated before, that national security is not just the Department of Defense. Other agencies are critical--the Department of State, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Justice, and Department of Treasury, which does all the terrorist financing sanctions. They have to trace funds flowing around the world to ensure they do not aid and assist terrorist activities or other maligning activities. They need resources too.  Taking this approach as it stands now, using this OCO approach for defense and then letting everything else stay under BCA, will not give these agencies the resources they need.  I was struck a few days ago when General Petraeus was here testifying that one of the critical areas of effort against ISIL is information warfare. They have proven to be extraordinarily adept at using social media, at communicating through the Internet. One of the questions from my colleague--which was very thoughtful and fundamental--was this: Is the State Department doing enough to counteract--as one of our major foreign policy organizations--this information campaign by ISIL? The General sort of chuckled a bit, and then he said: Let me tell you that when I was commanding, on active service, the State Department had to come to me and essentially borrow $1 million from CENTCOM funds so they could get in the ball game--to just get in the game in terms of information warfare: counteracting measures, public campaigns of information in countries throughout the globe, particularly in the Middle East.  That will be much worse if we proceed down this path, and we will not be enhancing our national security. If the ISIL message is unanswered, if they are able to attract adherents from around the globe because all they can really hear is this grotesque discussion of ISIL and what they propose, and there are no counterarguments, there is no countervailing points, we lose that information war. And that is not just a DOD function.  Now, we have to make investments in both defense and nondefense. But as I said before, if we stick with these BCA caps, our non-DOD programs will suffer. In addition to that, the needs of the American people will suffer.  We will not be able to invest in adequate transportation and water infrastructure. We won't be able to do things that provide adequate and decent housing for our citizens. Under the budget caps we will lose jobs too. When the resources diminish, the need for workers diminishes, and that will happen.  Now, we have a situation, particularly where some of our most vulnerable Americans would suffer grievously. Here are a few examples. The elderly housing program has been cut in half since 2010, even when we know the United States population today is aging faster.  Every Member of this Senate has numerous elderly housing programs in their State. Their low-income seniors rely on them. I would suspect they take some pride in the fact there is adequate housing--in some cases not enough, but at least some adequate housing. They will suffer.  There are 7.7 million very low income renters in the United States. That means they pay more than 50 percent of their income in rent or live in substandard housing or both. If these budget caps go into effect, then the THUD bill will not include meaningful funding for the affordable housing production program available to local governments.  When we turn to Public Housing Authorities, they are facing more than $3 billion in capital needs just to keep them repaired, just to make them places that are decent to live in, where people can have appropriate hallway lighting, they can have elevators that work, they can have plumbing systems that are adequate--the basics.  We are not talking about building whirlpools, spas, and Jacuzzis. This is just meeting basic requirements in maintenance and capital repairs. The level of funding PHA's are faced with is the same level we provided in the late 1980s. That is going back about 30 years. Thirty years ago, relatively speaking, we would be spending as much as we are now on simply maintaining public housing. These are real-world consequences.  Again, BCA comes into play in terms of the impact on domestic programs. Funding for public transit continues to fall even while transit ridership goes up.  One of the success stories over the past few years is our public transit systems. Our buses, our subway systems, our light rail systems are enjoying increased ridership. That is good for people to get to work, and it is good for our environment because of reduces the use of individual automobiles. But if our ridership goes up and the resources go down, we are going to see a system that gets less and less dependable, reliable, and effective, and we will lose not only a number of those riders but have incidents--as we have seen across the country--where there are significant safety concerns and significant disruptions.  It has not been uncommon over the last several months here in Washington to hear on the radio that a whole subway line has gone down because of a maintenance problem or something else, and that day's workforce doesn't get to the office for 3 or 4 or 5 hours. Guess what. That costs a lot of private employers a great deal of money because the people aren't doing the work, and they probably would be paid. So essentially this impacts our economy, and it is multiplied. And it will be exponentially multiplied if we start cutting away the money, as suggested in the Budget Control Act.  It is now time to work together and to enact first a clean CR, which will give us the time to systematically and comprehensively address the issues that are staring us straight in the face because of the BCA--the budget caps on Defense and nondefense. It is time to be able to move--as I believe the vast majority of my colleagues want to--the excess OCO funding back into the regular budget of the Department of Defense as we raise the budget cap, and as we raise the budget cap for the Department of Defense, to recognize we have to raise the cap not only for other national security agencies to protect our country, but also for other agencies in order to invest in our economy, keep us productive, keep people employed, and also keep faith with the thousands and thousands of Americans who have worked and now may need help. There are seniors in need of rental assistance. They need the support of a good transit system to get to work or, if they are a senior citizen, to get to a doctor's appointment. They are counting on us.  So I hope all my colleagues can come together, forge an agreement, avoid a shutdown, and then do something more than just keep the lights on--invest across the board in our people and watch those investments multiply to a productive, successful economy and a more secure America.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  