President, I come to the floor to speak about an amendment that I am offering with Senator Kirk, Senator Brown, and Senator Baldwin, which would establish an accountability mechanism for student access to the core resources necessary for learning.  First, I wish to thank Senators Kirk, Brown, Baldwin, and others for helping with this very important matter.  More than 60 years after the landmark decision of Brown v. Board of Education, one of the greatest challenges still facing this Nation is stemming the tide of rising inequality. We have seen the rich--in fact, really the very rich--get richer while middle-class and low-income families have lost ground. We see disparities in opportunities starting at birth and growing over a lifetime. With more than one in five school-age children living in families in poverty and roughly half of our public school population eligible for free or reduced-priced lunches because they come from low-income families, we cannot afford nor should we tolerate a public education system that fails to provide the resources and opportunities for the children who need them the most.  When President Johnson signed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act into law 50 years ago, he described education as the ``only valid passport from poverty.'' He noted:       From our very beginnings as a nation, we have felt a fierce      commitment to the ideal of education for everyone. It fixed      itself into our democratic creed.  I believe this amendment will help us stay true to that ideal. There are other amendments we will consider that, frankly, will do just the opposite, such as those that would divert scarce resources from public schools to private schools through vouchers or so-called portability amendments that Senator Murray so eloquently spoke about. Rather than transferring resources away from our public education system, the passport to opportunity in our country, we should be doing more to ensure they have adequate resources. We have to do work to achieve real equity in educational opportunity.  Survey data from the Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights showed troubling disparities, such as the fact that Black, Latino, American Indian, Native Alaskan students, and English learners attend schools with higher concentrations of inexperienced teachers. In fact, nationwide one in five high schools lacks a school counselor, and between 10 and 25 percent of high schools across the Nation do not offer more than one of the core courses in the typical sequence of high school math and science, such as algebra I and II, geometry, biology, and chemistry. Their curricula are very limited, and, indeed, perhaps inadequate.  The Education Law Center reports that a majority of States have unfair funding systems with flat or regressive funding distribution. For these reasons, I introduced the Core Opportunity Resources for Equity and Excellence Act, or the CORE Act. Senators Brown and Baldwin were my cosponsors. This bill would establish an accountability mechanism for resource equity. This was the first education bill introduced in this Congress, and we are very proud of that.  Holding our educational system accountable for both results and resources is paramount. The No Child Left Behind Act looked at results, outcomes, testing, and measurement. What it failed to grasp is that we need resources also. We need the inputs. The Every Child Achieves Act, the legislation we are discussing today, includes important transparency on resource equity. I thank Senators Alexander and Murray for that. It requires States to report on key measures of school quality beyond student achievement on statewide assessments, including student access to experienced and effective educators, access to rigorous and advanced course work, availability of career and technical educational opportunities, and safe and healthy school learning environments. However, reporting alone will not ensure that students get the resources they need and deserve. I commend the reporting. I think it is a necessary but not quite sufficient measure.  I am pleased to offer this opportunity dashboard of core resources amendment with Senators Kirk, Baldwin, and Brown. This amendment has the support of dozens of national organizations.  Specifically, our amendment will require States to develop and report on measures of access to critical education resources, identify disparities in access for districts, schools, and student subgroups, develop plans with school districts to address disparities in access to critical educational resources, and include the opportunity dashboard of core resources on the State report card so everyone will know where the resources are, where they are going, and how we are making our commitment to an equitable and excellent education for every American child.  This amendment has bipartisan support, and, more importantly, broad support in the communities across the Nation. I urge my colleagues to support it when it comes to the floor for a vote.  With that, I yield the floor.  