President, while the Senator from Ohio is here, I want first of all to commend him for his interest in the Stryker program. It is one of those vehicles that have been extraordinarily effective in protecting our soldiers in their efforts both in Afghanistan and Iraq. It is a critical program.  The amendment would add $371 million of funding. We all understand this is a very difficult budget environment, and I would point out that the Army submitted their unfunded requirement list to the committee in March. This was not on their request. However, it is my understanding that the request for additional funding is driven by a new requirement that actually became evident in April of 2015. So the issue could have been that they weren't as aware of it as they should have been. But for the record, this is not part of the unfunded requirement list of the Army.  We did not have the chance, as a result, to look at this as an approach that we would include in our Defense appropriations bill. It was not literally on the radar screen until April, and it didn't come up formally with their unfunded request. So I am concerned that these lethality improvements have not been fully vetted by the committee, by the Department, and also by the Department of Defense.  There is another issue here, too. This is a first step in a multiyear program, and we are not quite sure at this point, over the next several years, how much more money we would have to commit to production, testing, training, and logistics.  The other area of concern--not just in terms of looking closely at the program, the need, and the long-term budgetary effects--is the pay-for, which is an offset for foreign currency accounts. The Department's request has already been reduced by $550 million. We have literally taken that money from their currency accounts, and now we are going to take another $371 million. So we are really getting very, very close to what this account can bear in terms of costs added to it.  Again, I think since it is O&M--that is the basic account we are taking it from to put in a platform--it raises the other issue that is so central to everything the chairman and many of us have been doing, which is how do we keep the Army ready, and there is a trade-off. There is a trade-off between new platforms and making sure the soldiers we have are training on the existing platforms and doing their work.  So I would express some strong reservations. I would be happy to work with the Senator from Ohio. I understand this is driven by his commitment to making sure our soldiers have the best equipment in the world.  I yield the floor.  