President, I rise with my colleague Senator Collins in support of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development appropriations bill before us.  I begin first by commending the chairman for her extraordinary work, her thoughtful, careful consideration of all of these issues, and her willingness to include priorities of members on both sides. As always, she did this in a fair, considerate, and transparent manner, along with the staff who also did a remarkable job. So I thank her for her leadership and for her consideration.  As a result of the budget agreement, we have a higher allocation--an allocation that will allow us to make more responsible investments in key transportation and housing initiatives that will help grow our economy, create jobs, strengthen neighborhoods, and better meet our affordable housing goals throughout the country. We need to improve housing stability for our most vulnerable citizens, and this allocation will allow us to preserve HUD's housing and homeless assistance programs, which are vital to our Nation's security and the progress and opportunity for all of our people.  Over half of HUD's rental assistance goes to support someone who is elderly or disabled or both, so these programs are particularly important for seniors and for Americans with disabilities who need the kind of security that only adequate housing can give. Without these programs, frankly, many of these individuals would be homeless or paying more than half of their income in rent alone and, as a result, unable to support the other basics of life, including food and clothing and just basically getting around.  Overall, this bill makes important contributions toward improving the safety of our roads--another area of our responsibility is transportation--in helping people better connect to jobs and opportunities. It is often overlooked that housing is critical in everyaspect, particularly in being able to get and maintain a job, and that certainly is something we want to encourage. Also, these investments can serve as a catalyst for economic development, enhancing the community, preserving community assets, allowing Federal resources to leverage--many times over, in some cases--private resources and local resources.  Among the critical transportation investments that this bill provides is $16 billion to the Federal Aviation Administration, fully funding the agency's budget request for air traffic control, safety oversight, and its facilities and equipment. Again, so much of our commercial activity depends upon a solid aviation infrastructure. We are fully funding their request, ensuring that they have adequate infrastructure, particularly when it comes to air traffic control in an age in which there are technological revolutions, causing them to reinvest constantly in better equipment and better preparation. For the past 3 years, in fact, maintenance on the agency's basic infrastructure has been deferred so the air traffic control challenges could be met and could be fully funded, but that is not a sustainable long-term strategy. The bill in front of us today, under the leadership of the chairman, puts the FAA back on track, and we want to keep it on track.  As the chairman has pointed out, in the transportation area, $600 million is allocated for the TIGER Program, which fully funds local solutions to transportation problems. One of the commendable aspects--and there are many in this program--is these are localities coming to the Department of Transportation with specific requests that they know will help their economy, that will help move people and goods and services and improve the competitiveness of not only the locality but the Nation.  In addition to that, $41 billion in highway grants and another $8.6 billion in transit formula grants are allocated that States and local government rely on every year.  In addition to these provisions, the bill makes strong investments in Amtrak and rail safety, providing $50 million for rail safety grants and targeted new investments along the Northeast corridor, which is one of the major thoroughfares of commerce and travel in our country.  It also allows the Federal Railroad Administration to hire 84 new inspectors and safety staff to address the safe transportation of passengers and energy products. We have seen repeated incidents of tragic accidents caused by outdated equipment and caused by many factors. We hope that with this legislation, we will not only reduce them but eliminate them.  We have also seen accidents in the center of the United States, in the far West, where products were being transported by rail and there were problems there too. Again, these energy products are necessary for the whole economy, and we need to be on the job inspecting, to ensure that they are moving safely through all of our communities.  These investments are necessary. They are necessary for safety, they are necessary for efficiency, and they are necessary to build the kind of transportation system that supports jobs and economic growth. I think most people--and most people back home, certainly--understand the connection between good infrastructure, good jobs, and a prosperous economy. They get it, and this legislation gets it also.  At the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the bill makes important investments in our communities. Again, as the chairman has pointed out, the Community Development Block Grant Program--CDBG--is an extraordinarily effective tool for local governments to spur innovation and economic investment. Again, as the chairman indicated, it comes from the bottom up, not the top down. It allows mayors and city councils and local planning agencies that are able to utilize this money in combination with other resources to fund projects that make their communities more effective and more efficient. It is based upon their perspective, not our perspective, and it is a very efficient and very helpful program. It gives communities the tools to address their ailing infrastructure problems, and it brings critical services to many who need them the most.  The legislation also includes additional resources for affordable housing production through the HOME Program--an investment we know is necessary as our Nation faces a lack of affordable housing nationwide.  The bill also protects some of our most vulnerable citizens by providing critical resources to prevent and end homelessness, among veterans and youth in particular. This bill provides an additional 10,000 vouchers to move us closer to eliminating homelessness among our Nation's veterans. Just a few days ago we celebrated Veterans Day, but we can't celebrate it 1 day a year, we have to celebrate it every day. One way we can do that is to put the resources where they need to be so every veteran, we hope, can achieve affordable, decent, and safe housing. In that way, we celebrate their service every day, and this bill tries to do that. We have already seen success in this regard--about a 33-percent reduction in veterans' homelessness since 2009--but it is not good enough. There is still work to be done. That is a commitment that Senator Collins and I share, and her leadership has helped us move forward to achieve that objective.  Youth experiences in homelessness is another phenomenon, and the chairman spoke very eloquently about the fact that we are able to target resources to help some of these programs for young people to find homes. In particular, the chairman made the point about young people who are aging out of foster care. We have a fairly substantial system to help young people until they reach their adulthood, and after that it seems to go away. And so with resources we are helping children through foster homes and suddenly they have to go and they are on their own. This legislation is going to help them make a transition, at least to have the housing they need so they can use their skills productively for the benefit of everyone.  It also helps us improve coordination across the government so that these young people don't fall through the cracks. Some of it is resources and some of it is just working together cooperatively in a governmentwide approach and the legislation helps encourage that.  As I said and as I am repeating what the chairman said so well, homelessness is a barrier to education, employment, and opportunity. If you have to move three or four times a year and you are a young child, your education is going to be very challenging from school to school to school. If you are a person who doesn't have an address or moves frequently, how do you get that callback for the job interview if they can't find you and you can't find them? All of this instability can be significantly reduced and opportunity better achieved if we have dependable housing, and that is at the essence of our proposal today. So it applies to youth, families, and it applies to a whole span of Americans. Again, let me thank the Senator for her leadership in crafting this bill. On the whole it achieves a balanced compromise that responds to the priorities of the Members of this Chamber within the allocation we received.  We don't have unlimited resources so we had to figure out innovative ways to deliver better results with what we have, and I think we have gone a long way in doing that. We also have to continue to look to the future: making smart investments today that will help us build a much better tomorrow with a better transportation system, better housing options and, again, this legislation does that.  As with any legislative proposal, there are aspects of the legislation that could be improved. I hope we can improve them going forward. There are provisions, for example, with respect to addressing the safety of double 33 trailers which already passed the Senate on a bipartisan basis. Those are issues that we can and must work on to go forward, but overall this proposal does a great deal to respond to the needs of the American public.  Again, let me thank the chairman. It has been very challenging, but it is very enjoyable to work with her. We also have quickly an omnibus we must prepare. So we are literally going from the floor to meet with our colleagues, so hopefully we can pull this all together so we will have the opportunity to present to the full Senate a bill that is thoughtful and achieves the needs of our people.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  