President, these are all able and capable individuals who have been nominated and approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee. I want to pay particular attention to the nomination of Alissa Starzak to be general counsel of the Department of the Army. I have had the pleasure of working with Ms. Starzak for several years in her current capacity as the deputy general counsel of the Department of Defense. She has done an extraordinary job. I am confident that her extensive legal experience in her current--as well as previous--position has prepared her well for the position for which she has been nominated.  Prior to her current position at the Department of Defense, Ms. Starzak worked at the CIA's Office of General Counsel and also served as counsel on the staff of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. I don't need totell my colleagues in the Senate how much we rely on capable and motivated staff to fulfill our responsibilities on behalf of the American people.  I understand from Senator Feinstein, under whose chairmanship Ms. Starzak served, that her work in support of the committee was nothing short of exemplary. She was an extraordinary asset to the committee in all of its deliberations.  Ms. Starzak was originally nominated to be general counsel of the Army in July 2014, and she was later approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee by a voice vote in December 2014. Unfortunately, Ms. Starzak was not confirmed by the full Senate prior to the adjournment of the last session of the Congress. She was renominated in January of this year and her nomination was unanimously agreed to by a voice vote of the committee earlier this month.  The Army has now been without a Senate-confirmed general counsel for nearly 2 years, thereby contributing to institutional instability and uncertainty. It is time to provide the Army with the leadership it deserves. If confirmed today, Ms. Starzak will join a new Secretary of the Army and also a new Army Chief of Staff, GEN Mark Milley, where together they will begin to address the challenges--all of them critical--that face the Army and all of our services.  I have no doubt that Ms. Starzak is up to the task and will execute her duties with the best interest of the men and women in uniform in the U.S. Army and their families. These thoughts will always be in the forefront of her mind, and I urge my colleagues to support her nomination.  I wish also to point out that there were several issues raised with respect to Ms. Starzak's performance as a member of the staff of the Intelligence Committee. All of them have been found to be inaccurate. One suggestion is that there was a document known as the Panetta review, and that the committee staff gained inappropriate access to this document.  Senator Feinstein pointed out--at the time she was the chairman of the Intelligence Committee--during a March 2014 floor speech that this Panetta review and all of these documents were accessed by staff through the regular use of a search tool provided by the CIA on a computer network provided by the CIA to search documents provided by the CIA. This was a process that was overseen and monitored by the CIA, obviously.  This specific suggestion, allegation, or whatever you want to call it, has been reviewed by the CIA's Inspector General, the Senate's Sergeant at Arms, the CIA's Accountability Review Board, and they found no wrongdoing on the part of members on the Intelligence Committee staff.  There was another suggestion that some of these documents were marked deliberative and/or privileged. According to Senator Feinstein, this was not especially noteworthy to SSCI--Intelligence Committee staff--because they were providing, at the direction of their Senators, a review of CIA activities, and thousands of these documents were marked deliberative, procedural, privileged, et cetera. The responsibility of the Congress is to oversee the CIA--not what they will let us look at but what we must look at.  Additionally, Senate legal counsel confirmed to Senator Feinstein that Congress does not recognize these claims of privilege when it comes to documents provided to Congress for its oversight duties, and this review process was completely within the purview of the Senate's oversight responsibility.  And then there was another suggestion, or allegation, that, in fact, Ms. Starzak was involved in the relocation of these Panetta review documents from an offsite CIA facility to the offices of the Senate Intelligence Committee here in the Hart Building. These are absolutely and totally without merit because it turns out that the date of the removal of the documents from the offsite facility occurred late in 2013, more than 2 years after Ms. Starzak left the staff of the Intelligence Committee.  I think it is important to get these facts and conclusions by authoritative sources, such as the Sergeant at Arms, the CIA Inspector General, and the Accountability Review Board of the CIA because there have been some suggestions that she was, in fact, culpable, and that is not the case at all.  I again urge all of my colleagues to support a very capable individual who has the skill, the dedication, and the ability to be an extraordinary general counsel for Department of the Army.  With that, I retain the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  