 President, I cannot think of any other legislative body in the world where we would hear the speech we just heard by the junior Senator from Virginia, where his heart is aching, many in his constituency have died. Part of the building in his State is still burning.  In the ultimate American way, he called at the end of his speech for not abrogating the basic cherished liberties that this Nation has. I doubt whether one would hear that in any other assembly in the world after such an attack, and I compliment him for it.  My heart and my sympathy go out to our colleagues from New York and Virginia in particular, but all those whohave had their fellow citizens and their constituents victimized by this act. This is a time to mourn but not to despair, a time for resolve but not remorse, a time for sober investigation and not recrimination, and a time to unite, not to debate.  Some have said yesterday and today that all has changed, all has changed for America. I know what they mean by that, and I respect their view, but I pray that is not true. I pray that is not true. I pray my junior colleague from Virginia is correct when he says the one thing we cannot allow to change is the values upon which this country is built, for if that were to occur, then they would be able to declare victory, genuine victory.  I predict one thing has changed, though. I respectfully suggest the way of life of present and future terrorists has changed forever. The future of organized terrorist cells is about to welcome the 21st Century in a way they never anticipated, for in this dastardly act they may have done what no other group of people could possibly have done, and that is to unite the civilized world, unite our allies in Europe who share our values, unite our Russian friends, our Chinese friends, unite the world, because that image of that plane smashing into the second tower has reverberated around the world and every leader in every country can picture the same thing happening in their nation.  I recently visited China with three of my colleagues. They have buildings in China as tall or taller than the World Trade Center. I can picture the President of China sitting there envisioning the same thing happening. So I do not think all of a sudden there has been a conversion of democratic zeal on the part of those who are not often thought of as our allies to resolve with us to fight worldwide terrorism, but it is a reflection of the reality that the world has changed in a way that we all are vulnerable.  A further reality is that no one could have undertaken this very well planned, and regrettably well executed, terrorist act without an extensive network, without a place in which to plan it that was within earshot and eyesight of some country, without some people who, by their inaction at a minimum and their complicity, allowed this to occur. There will be very few places to hide, I predict, from this moment on, for these are not the acts of a single man or a single woman. They are and they were and they will, if they try again, have to be well planned, well funded, and widely supported by dozens upon dozens of individuals and individual leaders.  In speaking to the President, the Secretary of State, and other leaders in the administration, they are impressed by what they believe to be the heartfelt, sincere, and resolute offers of support to deal with terrorism that not only come from expected quarters such as England, France, Germany, Italy, and our European allies but from unexpected quarters.  The word should go out to those who pretend they wish to be our friends that they are going to have to make some very difficult choices. Pakistan in particular is going to have to make a very difficult choice, very soon, for we are counting. We are counting and we are looking. Words will not be sufficient. Actions will be demanded.  All of us say we will never let this happen again. Well, the act of a single individual strapping explosives to their body is probably something no one can ever guarantee will not happen, but dealing with well organized, well-funded, well-coordinated, massive actions is something that can be done only in a multilateral way, only internationally.  No matter what we do, if we fail to lead the world in a multilateral unity of absolute resolve, I say to you, sadly, that this could happen again. But I am convinced it will not.  Today, as it has for 212 years, the U.S. Congress has convened. Two miles down Pennsylvania Avenue, President Bush sits in the Oval Office leading the executive branch and the country in a wide-ranging investigation to find those who committed these barbarous acts. Around this city and around New York, dedicated public servants are back at their desks in Federal office buildings doing the people's business. New York--the city that never sleeps--has worked around the clock in search of survivors, and they will find some. Around the Nation, citizens of every age, every race, and every religion grieve for their fellow citizens. But they stand united. They stand united in support of our Nation, which has endured over two centuries against all enemies, foreign and domestic. They stand united in readiness to answer the call for their fellow neighbors. As Senator Clinton and Senator Schumer pointed out, they lined the blocks in New York City to give blood. I would be dumbfounded if you did not see black faces, Asian faces, Hispanic, every race, and every religion standing in that line. They stand united in support of the President of the United States, as do all of us here in the Senate.  Much will be said today and in the days ahead about the appropriate responses to these heinous acts. But for now let me just say this. This is not a struggle over ideology. This is not a struggle over religion. This is a struggle between civilization and barbarity.  Let there be no doubt that the United States and civilized nations of the world will unite and win this struggle. Our enemies will not, and can not, defeat us. This country will go on, deeply wounded by the loss of so many but strengthened by our resolve and our commitment to sustain this great democracy.  I see in this cataclysmic tragedy the beginning of the end of organized and legitimized terrorist activities.  