  He and I have been at this for a long time, a very long time. And while I support the McCain-Feingold bill, we have to remember that it only addresses a portion of the problems we have.  Indeed, the effort to secure real reform of the way we finance political campaigns has been a central concern of my entire Senate career, almost three decades. In fact, the first Committee testimony I ever gave as a U.S. Senator, back in 1973, was to speak in favor of public financing and spending limits for campaigns.  And if you think campaign finance reform is a tough issue today, let me tell you, as some of my colleagues well remember, it was truly unpopular then.  As I continued to push for public funding of campaigns in 1974, my goalwas to get rid of special interest money--money that pollutes the system and drowns out the voices of ordinary persons. Special interest money has a tendency to influence anyone running for public office, or at a minimum, casts that impression that elected officials are beholden to someone other than the American people.  Public financing also helps to level the financial playing field for challengers taking on well established incumbents who had virtually all of the fund-raising muscle.  But again, I encountered a lot of opposition, from colleagues on both sides of the aisle. A story I know I have told before: One senior Senator pulled me aside in the cloakroom, and told me that he had worked hard and earned his seniority, and he was not going to open the door for some challenger to be able to raise as much money as he could. He basically asked me--I expect when he would tell the story, he didn't ask me, he told me--to stop what I was doing.  In that same year, 1974, I wrote an article for the Northwestern University Law Review, outlining the three principal reasons that I was pursuing campaign finance reform. First, a political process that relied totally on private contributions allowed for, at the very least, the potential of wealthy individuals and special interest groups exercising a disproportionate influence over the system.  Second, such a process meant that wealthy candidates had an almost insurmountable advantage. And third, incumbents had an equally daunting advantage; the system virtually locked them into office.  We did make some progress in 1974, largely because of documented abuses in the 1972 presidential campaign, with the passage of Amendments to the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, known as the FECA. The 1974 amendments, which I supported, established the Federal Election Commission to help ensure proper enforcement of campaign laws, and also set the now familiar federal campaign contribution limits of $1,000 for individuals and $5,000 for political action committees.  The amendments further established campaign spending limits and expanded public financing for presidential campaigns.  Not unexpectedly, the constitutionality of the 1974 amendments was challenged almost immediately, and the Supreme Court decided the issue in its 1976 landmark ruling, Buckley v. Valeo.  The Court upheld the law's contribution limits, but overturned the limits on expenditures as a too severe restriction of political speech. The Court did leave open, however, the possibility of spending limits for publicly financed campaigns--which, so far, despite my best efforts, has been limited to presidential campaigns--because the candidates could disregard the limits if they rejected the public funds.  There were additional issues in the case, not directly related to campaign financing, including a separation of powers question regarding how Commissioners to the FEC were appointed.  In response to the Court's decision, Congress enacted additional amendments to the FECA in 1976, which again, I supported. One amendment repealed the spending limits except for publicly financed campaigns; another addressed the FEC appointment procedures; and another restricted and regulated PAC fund-raising. I also supported a third round of refining FECA amendments, which passed in 1979.  In addition to those successes in the 1970s, there were also frustrations. In 1977, I introduced legislation to prohibit the personal use of excess campaign funds by defeated candidates, by retired or resigned Federal office holders, or by the survivors of a deceased office holder. The bill was debated on the floor, but ultimately failed.  The greater frustrations of the late 1970s and early 1980s were, first, that partisan stalemate kept us from making additional progress, and second, that despite our efforts with the FECA amendments, individual campaigns and political parties were bypassing the laws by taking advantage of loopholes in the regulatory language and system.  We finally broke the stalemate on reform legislation in the Senate, and on narrowing one of the biggest loopholes, by delineating more specific guidelines for the use of political action committees, or PACs, when we passed the Boren-Goldwater amendment in 1986, legislation I was proud to cosponsor. This would have reduced PAC contributions and put a total limit on the amount of PAC money a candidate could accept.  But the celebration was short-lived, and progress on campaign finance reform stalled again, despite our continuing efforts to give it a legislative jump start.  With my colleagues, Senator Kerry from Massachusetts and then-Senator Bradley from New Jersey, I offered public campaign financing bills in the 101st, the 102nd and the 103rd Congresses.  Others among our colleagues were equally persistent during this era, perhaps most notably, Senators Boren and Mitchell, Senator Danforth and Senator Hollings, who has proposed a constitutional amendment to allow Congress to pass legislation setting mandatory limits on contributions and expenditures for federal campaigns. I have supported that proposal in the past, as well as other reforms suggested by the distinguished Senator from South Carolina and other colleagues.  We did manage to pass several significant pieces of legislation through the Senate, only to have the process stalled again in the conference process. And as I know many of my colleagues will remember, we even managed to get a pretty good bill out of conference and through both Houses, in 1992--a bill that included voluntary spending limits in congressional campaigns, in exchange for certain public funding benefits, as well as restrictions on PAC receipts and soft money.  But the legislation was vetoed by President George H.W. Bush, and our Senate override vote failed by 57-42.  When we resubmitted the legislation the following year, with Senator Boren again as the lead sponsor and with President Clinton's support and, indeed, some additional provisions proposed by the White House, the Congressional Campaign Spending Limit and Election Reform Act again got pretty far.  Just as I had done 20 years before, I testified before the Senate Rules Committee, arguing for public financing as the only road to true campaign finance reform. The bill, with one major compromise amendment, passed the Senate 60-38, but a compromise with the House proved more difficult, and our debate ended with a filibuster against appointing conferees.  The 104th Congress saw a famous handshake between President Clinton and the Speaker of the House, Mr. Gingrich, signaling their ``agreement in principle'' to pursue campaign finance reform. And the two major sweeping reform bills, which continue to dominate our debates today, were born McCain-Feingold in the Senate, and Smith-Meehan-Shays, now known as Shays-Meehan, in the House.  Then in 1997, I again partnered with Senator Kerry, as well as Senators Wellstone, Glenn and Leahy, to introduce the Clean Money, Clean Elections Act.  That proposal would have wiped private money out of the campaign system almost entirely, by greatly reducing the limit on individual contributions and imposing an additional limit for each state. Candidates would have received public funds and free media time, calculated by State size.  Unfortunately, as with so many other proposals directed toward public financing for congressional campaigns, we got no further than a referral to committee.  In recounting this history, I do not mean to sound downtrodden or discouraged.  We have made progress through congressional action--with the FECA amendments and since 1979, the elimination of honoraria and the ``grandfather clause'' on the personal use of excess campaign funds, the National Voter Registration Act and the increase in the tax return checkoff for the Presidential Election Campaign Fund from $1 to $3.  The 106th Congress saw no fewer than 85 campaign finance reform bills introduced, 24 of them in the Senate, including the McCain-Feingold bill that we are debating today, as well as the Hagel-Kerrey bill on which hearings were held last spring.  While none of the sweeping reform proposals made it through the last Congress, we did take a small but important step, enacting a proposal initially offered by Senator Liebermanand later incorporated into an amendment he sponsored with Senators McCain and Feingold.  The legislation, which in virtually identical form to McCain-Feingold-Lieberman was signed into law by President Clinton last July, addressed the problem of so-called ``stealth PACs,'' operating under section 527 of the tax code.  Such organizations claimed tax exempt status, but at the same time also claimed exemption from regulation under the FECA. That meant these stealth PACs could try to influence political campaigns with undisclosed and unregulated contributions, all tax free. The new law closes that loophole, requiring 527 organizations to adhere to appropriate regulatory and disclosure requirements. Again, an important step.  And I hope it is a step that gives us momentum to make further progress in the 107th Congress. My own legislative initiatives, throughout my career, have focused on public financing of federal campaigns, and I continue to believe that it is truest course to reform.  But I have been in the past, and will be in our deliberations now, willing and eager to support other brands of reform that offer responsible regulation and close what can, at times, seem like an endless chain of newly exploited loopholes in existing law.  Our goal, whatever proposal is at issue, must be to uphold the public trust and to secure public confidence in the integrity of our election process. We are not entitled to that confidence; we have to earn it.  That is no small task, especially having just emerged from an election that was not only contentious but expensive--the total amount raised just by the two national parties was close to $1.2 billion, a $300 million increase from the 1996 election cycle.  And half of that $1.2 billion was so-called ``soft money,'' raised and spent beyond the reach of federal regulation, although certainly with the intent of influencing some Federal elections. As the amounts and creative uses of soft money have grown, we must give the issue the serious consideration it merits, as, I might add, McCain-Feingold does, with its outright ban on soft money raising and spending in Federal races.  In the past, as I've attempted to summarize today, we have made some progress, but time and time again, we have stopped short of how far we need to go on campaign finance reform.  The amendment offered by Senator Wellstone today gives us at least a chance, for Senate races in some States, to discard the influences of special interests.  Public financing allows candidates to compete on an equal footing where the merits of their ideas outweigh the size of their pocketbook. It frees members from the corroding dependence on personal or family fortune or the gifts of special interest backers. It ends the need for perpetual fundraising by elected officials.  But above all else, it helps restore the American people's faith in our democracy.  The truth is that campaigns are financed by people, and when they are financed by all the people--not just a small percentage--they will create much better government and will do the one thing that most needs to be done at this time, and that is to begin to restore public confidence in the system. Either all of America decides who runs for office, or only a few people. It's as simple as that.  And if we cannot pass this at the Federal level, let's at least give the States the chance to do it, as Senator Wellstone is proposing. The fact is, the States have been leading the way when it comes to public financing.  My home State is now considering such a proposal. If candidates can agree to spending limits, and choose public financing over special interest money, we should not stand in the way of allowing a state to pursue an avenue of reform that we are reluctant to take here in Washington.  Public financing is the true, comprehensive way to reform. While I would prefer to enact public financing at the federal level, I nevertheless support my colleague's effort to restore faith in our electoral process by giving States the go ahead.  Madam President, I don't understand what my friend from Kentucky gets so worried about. I know he disagrees with guys like me and the Senator from Massachusetts about public financing of elections, which I think is the only way we ever clean this up.  This is a simple yet important amendment. All we are saying is, if your State decides it wants to put in a financing system and if both candidates running for office or three candidates running for that office agree to abide by it, then what is the big deal? I find it so fascinating that by and large my Republican friends talk about States rights so much. They are such great champions of States rights. They would love the Environmental Protection Agency to be subservient to the States. They think the 11th amendment means something the Supreme Court, unfortunately, has decided it means. The States are the repository of wisdom to my friends on the other side of the aisle, by and large.  We are not going to even allow the States, if they choose, to set up a financing system for elections if all the candidates voluntarily agree. If they don't voluntarily agree, they can't do it constitutionally, in my view. Here we are with even this modest attempt.  What we are afraid of on this floor is the public one day waking up and saying: Hey, the emperor has no clothes; this has been a big sham. Gosh, look at this, I didn't realize this.  All they know now is generically they don't like the way we do business. All they know now is generically there is too much money involved in politics. In their home States, if they like the idea of too much money continuing to be involved in politics, so be it; they can decide that. But if they decide that there is a way to get the big money out and a way to make sure every single voter in the State has the same say as any wealthy person, then they might do this.  This is so modest, it is almost embarrassing to have to argue for its passage. It is the single most insightful way to understand why what we are doing doesn't mean much.  