 President, I appreciate what the Senator is trying to do. It is confusing me a little bit, though--not his intention but the way he phrases it.  He talks about the fact that if someone has a serious medical bill that causes them to move into bankruptcy, which I might add is a real problem, and it is the reason why most people move into bankruptcy, it is not credit cards--you can't have it both ways and stand up on the floor and say the reason people go into bankruptcy is credit card debt. There is no evidence of that. The GAO report doesn't say that. The Congressional Research Service doesn't say that--and then point out, which is accurate, that medical bills cause people to go into bankruptcy in considerable numbers. I do not know the exact number. I don't know whether it is 20 percent, 50 percent, or 70 percent. But it is a lot. I understand what he is saying.  By the way, there is one generic point to which I am sympathetic--that people in fact have real serious medical problems and are forced to liquidate everything they have to pay the medical bills. It is an absolute tragedy. I agree with my friend. That is why I support the national health insurance plan and the need to cover all of those folks.  I also appreciate the fact that he is not engaging in and he never has the idea that because a particular group or group of people support a position, and they have power, that anybody who votes with them is because of the power.  My friend and I voted against the position of the Chamber of Commerce yesterday notwithstanding the fact that labor poured tens of thousands of dollars into the campaigns of Members on this side. And I suspect that labor PACs gave my friend from Wisconsin hundreds of thousands of dollars. They did not give a cent to the Senator from Delaware because I don't take PAC money, and I haven't taken PAC money.  I appreciate the honesty that he is exhibiting, but it confuses me on a couple of points. One, I am from Scranton, PA. That is an area of the country that has been on hard times for a long time. My grandfather Finnigan used to have an expression. He would say: When the fellow in Throop--that was a community south of Scranton--loses his job, it means there is an economic slowdown. When your brother-in-law loses a job, it means there is a recession. When you lose your job, it means there is a depression.  I wonder why we don't include people who lose their jobs and have to declare bankruptcy and can't find employment.  I have a little bit of a problem in terms of singling out one type of that debt that is exempt, but not because it has anything to do with any other industry. I don't know any other industry that cares a whole lot about that. My point is, that is a conceptual problem I am having difficulty getting over.  But the second point I wish to make is that his amendment wouldn't affect what this bill is about. It would affect bankruptcy law tremendously, present bankruptcy law, future bankruptcy law, future bankruptcy changes, and present. It would have a profound impact.  But the reason for this bill is to set a standard on the basis of someone moving from chapter 7 to chapter 13. I remind anybody who is listening to this at home that chapter 7 means if you file in that chapter, all your debts are discharged, and you start brand new. You don't owe anybody anything. You don't try to pay anything off. It is done. Chapter 13 means that the vast majority of your debts are discharged,but you work out a payment plan because you can think you can pay some of it. Most people who chose chapter 13 in the old days chose it to avoid the embarrassment of chapter 7 so they could pay something off in good faith. They had something to pay, but they couldn't pay everybody. They wanted the court to help them figure out how to divvy out what they could pay.  That is what it is about. There is no standard now that a judge uses. There is a generic standard saying substantial abuse. Right now, a bankruptcy court judge or master has to move someone from 7 to 13 if that judge says, look, you are able to pay something so you should be in 13.  My dad always said: Keep your eye on the ball. The ball here is what this is about. This bill is about whether or not there is a standard we are now going to set beyond the broad standard of substantial abuse that says when you must move from chapter 7 into chapter 13 to pay some of your bills.  By the way, you only get moved into that if you have at least $10,000 to distribute after all of your necessities are taken care of, or you are able to pay 25 percent of your debt over 5 years. If you can't meet that standard, you are not in 13 either. You don't get into chapter 13.  Again, keep your eye on the ball. This bill is about whether or not you can pay some of your bills.  Along comes my friend who says--which may be good public policy. I am not disagreeing with the possibility that anybody who declares bankruptcy because of medical bills can discharge those debts outright, period. They are just in chapter 7. They can, in fact, go there.  I point out to my friend about the case in Delaware. The individual filed in chapter 7. He chose to file in chapter 7. He discharged all of his debts. Unfortunately, my State has what I thought the Senator from Minnesota had been saying. You shouldn't have a homestead exemption. My State doesn't. Had he filed 13, he could have kept his home theoretically. He was not required. He filed in chapter 7.  