'' And you are an inspiration, Strom. You are an inspiration to all of us and you are a darned good friend of mine and I'm glad you got to meet my buddy, Father Jim Trainor.  My colleagues do not know this, but Father Trainor prays for us every Sunday in Wilmington. I think he prays particularly hard for me because he is always making an extra prayer--maybe the Irish part of him--praying for the politicians and public officials.  I say to the majority leader, Senator Lott, I go to a church called Saint Joseph's on the Brandywine, an old church that was built by the Du Pont family for ``their Irish'' back at the turn of the century, the turn of the 19th century, the early 1800s.  But my daughter and my wife like to go to Saint Patrick's Church, which is an inner-city church that, when I was a kid growing up, was in an Irish parish, and is now in the middle of the city and the parish is predominantly African American. It has become the haven for everyone in need in the city. Father Trainor has been there for about 25 years and has built and rebuilt that parish.  There is a long series of steps to go up to the church. It is an old-fashioned church where the actual church altar is on the second floor and below are all the meeting rooms. You walk up these two flights of stairs and occasionally--I know my colleagues will find this hard to believe--I am late.  It is such an honor to be invited here and an honor to have an opportunity to invite someone here. As you all know,this invitation went out over 6 months ago, a long time ago.  So I made the mistake of walking in a little bit late this Sunday evening for 5 o'clock mass. As I walked in the door, I knew I made a mistake. It was like being back in school. Father Trainor was up in the pulpit and I missed part of his sermon. He looked down to the congregation and he said: By the way, one other thing I want to tell you all. I want to tell you that I have had the great honor of being invited to open a session of the U.S. Senate this week. It came from the late Joe Biden--who just walked in the door. And then he proceeded to tell a story I hope he won't mind my telling.  He was standing in front of the entire congregation last Sunday--and by the way, this congregation attracts most of its people not from the parish. They are young professionals who come from all over the city to come into that 5 o'clock mass at night because of Father Trainor. It is always packed. It is literally standing room only. The few of us who are occasionally late, we stand a lot.  He told the following story: ``I want the congregation to pray for me,'' he said, ``because I hope I don't make the mistake I made the first time I was in Washington.''       I was a young seminarian, in graduate school, and I came to      Baltimore to drop off my trunk early in the summer. I had a      good friend with me who was wheelchair bound. It was his car.      We decided to go visit Washington. The only thing I remember      in Washington is everything is steps, steps, steps, steps. I      was a pretty tough guy, and I would take that wheelchair and      move it up the stairs.  He is going like this in the pulpit.       So we went all over the city. We finished up at the      Capitol.  That was before, thanks to Bob Dole and others, we had accessible entrances to our buildings in 1961 or 1962. I don't remember the exact year.  He said:       I got to the Capitol steps and I looked up and said,      ``Sweet Lord, I can't do that.'' I walked around the side.      There was a nice Capitol Policeman there. I said, ``You guys      have elevators here?'' He said, ``Sure, bring your friend      in.'' I brought my friend in, and the officer said, ``You can      use those elevators. You can use them. I am sure they won't      mind because of the circumstances.''  Then two senatorial fellows got in the elevator and he said they both looked at him.  He said:       I didn't know what to say.  I hope I am saying this accurately.  He said:       Senators, I am sorry we are in here, but the police officer      told us that because the other umbrella was broken, we could      take this umbrella to the second floor.  He said:       I hope I don't do that when I say my prayer this time.  I told him a story. The first time I came here, I was a student at the University of Delaware. A number of my friends went to Georgetown, and I loved coming up here. On a Saturday morning, I came up. There was an unusual Saturday session which had just closed down.  There were no metal detectors. A lot of you guys worked here as pages and had experience as staff. I walked through the double doors. The Senate had just gone out. I just walked in. The doors were open. I walked back by the Marble Room. No one was around. I opened the Chamber doors, and I was in awe. I think we all felt that the first time we ever stood in this Chamber. I was in awe. Literally, it took my breath away.  I walked in, looked around, and I walked up and sat in the chair. I was not being a wise guy. I was in awe. I sat down in the President's chair, looking out, and all of a sudden this officer grabs me, spins me around, and stands me up. He scared the devil out of me, understandably. He knew what I was doing and arrested me.  Most of you do not know that there is a police station downstairs underneath this building. He took me down. By the time we got down there, he realized I was just a college student in total awe of this place.  I was elected to the Senate 10 years later. The first day I walked into the Senate Chamber, and a police officer tapped me on the shoulder. He said: Do you remember me, Senator?  I said: No, I don't.  He said: I arrested you 10 years ago when you came in.  We both had inauspicious starts in the Senate. I say to you, Father, your prayer was right on target, and the finish was much stronger than the finish I have had. I thank you for being here.  I conclude by saying it is genuinely an honor for the State of Delaware to have a Senate host Chaplain today. Reverend Ogilvie, I thank you. You are a consummate gentleman, and I appreciate the hospitality you offered to Father and always to all of us in the Senate.  I note for the Record and say to my colleague from Delaware, Senator Carper, I only know of a total of three other Delawareans since I have been here who have ever been guest Chaplains. Senator Carper knows them all: Rabbi Kenneth S. Cohen from Congregation Beth Shalom was a guest Chaplain in 1982, and Father Robert Balducelli from St. Anthony's Parish. We need a little Irish levity brought into this. Now we have it all covered in my State. I thank you again, Father Trainor. I know the majority leader wishes to speak. After he does, I want to ask permission to yield to my colleague from Delaware for brief comments.  