 President, I rise in support of Howard Baker. I realize this is unusual; the chairman of the committee should be the one to close. I apologize. I didn't know you were speaking. I think I am the last to speak and I will be brief.  Howard Baker is one of the few men or women nominated for Ambassador that it would be warranted not to be briefed about because there is so much to say about Howard Baker. The distinguished senior Senator from Hawaii, standing in the well, knows him as well as I do--and maybe a little better. I have been here 28 years. He was as fine a leader of the Senate as we had in either party. He is a man who, as I said this morning, possessed not only good judgment but a strong dose of wisdom.  Howard Baker has a piece of the country lawyer in him, the country lawyer who knows how to cut through difficult circumstances in a way that resolves a situation and at the same time does no harm or damage to either the egos and/or positions of either of the parties. That is the mark of a leader. It seems to me that is the primary ingredient that an Ambassador should possess.  The appointment of Howard Baker to be Ambassador to Japan is the single strongest signal that the people of Japan could have that we value this relationship with Japan.  Senator Helms and I have been here the same length of time, Senator Inouye longer, but I doubt whether there is any country to which we have sent more distinguished men and women--men in this case--than to Japan. He goes in the tradition of some truly great Americans. That sounds like a trite thing to say, ``great Americans,'' but Mike Mansfield, ``iron Mike,'' from Montana had more integrity in his little finger than most have in their whole body, a man whom everyone admired, a distinguished Speaker of the House of Representatives, Tom Foley, a distinguished colleague of ours, and on the opposite side of my friend from North Carolina, but respected, Fritz Mondale, a man who graced this place--and I mean that literally, graced this body--and Howard Baker. And I am leaving out others of consequence as well.  Let me say it is not hyperbole to suggest, as I did this morning, and the Senator referenced it, that Senator Nancy Kassebaum, all by herself, would be fully capable of dispatching the responsibilities of the Ambassador to Japan. Really, as we always say, the Senator from North Carolina and I, because of our responsibilities on the Foreign Relations Committee and confirming all Ambassadors--we always say the spouse of the nominee is someone who makes a sacrifice as well as who makes a contribution. It is almost always true, in some cases more than others.  This is a combination of political leadership, diplomacy, knowledge, and access--access to the corridors of power in the White House--that I think is unparalleled.  I join with my colleagues in saying that Howard Baker is a fine choice. More than that, he is a truly fine man.  As I said this morning, he and I have been on opposite sides of things--more together than on opposite sides--but I truly consider him a friend. It is presumptuous of me to say of a man of his stature that I am a friend. He was a man of consequence long before I arrived. I don't mean to be presumptuous in saying we are close friends. We are different in generations and different in age. But we are friends. I admire him. I admire him very much, and I compliment the President.  I will close with what I have always thought to be and I believe to be an old Anglo-Saxon expression. It says: Character is little more than the lengthened shadow of a man.  Howard Baker casts a very long shadow. He has great character. He will serve this Nation well at what I believe to be the single most critical time in U.S.-Japanese and U.S.-Asian affairs since the end of World War II. Wordsmatter; Howard Baker chooses his well, and I know of no place more than Japan where words, decorum, and diplomacy matter more.  No better choice could be made. I compliment the President.  