 President, one of the reasons why the senior Senator from Virginia is so well respected in this place is not only the fact that he is a consummate gentleman, but he paystribute to and honors the traditions of this great place.  I am aware that today was the maiden speech of his new colleague and our new colleague, the former Governor of Virginia.  I recall 28 years ago, when I got here, one's maiden speech was taken in a much more formal way, not by the speaker but by other Members of the Senate. I remember when I made my first speech, Senator John Stennis, Senator Allen, Senator Mansfield, Senator Javits all came and sat. I don't even remember what it was. It was an innocuous speech. They were all gracious enough to sit, turn their chairs, and act as if I was delivering the Declaration of Independence. I appreciated it very much.  Unlike my maiden speech, the maiden speech of the former Governor of the State of Virginia portends well for this body. To come here in the first speech he makes, to be in support of not the process but the person, who the Senators from Virginia could easily have concluded, because it was a Democratic nominee originally, should no longer remain on the bench because of the recess appointment and the manner in which it was taken, I take the speech of the Senator from Virginia to be more than merely about the nominee, who I agree is incredibly well qualified, having sat on the Judiciary Committee and sitting on the Judiciary Committee and being aware of his background.  I thank the Senator from Virginia, Mr. Allen, for making a maiden speech that meant something, that meant something about an individual and sent a signal to this body that I hope we on both sides of the aisle emulate for the next 2 years; that is, that we should look beyond partisan advantage and look to quality, the quality of what we are doing.  I compliment him on his maiden speech. I compliment him on the substance of the speech. I compliment my friend from Virginia, senior Senator, for being here. Senator Allen could have spoken about the dome, and he would have been here because that is the nature of the man. He understands the traditions of this place. They mean something. I am glad I get to serve with him.  