 President, I have just been told by the majority and minority staff that I can yield myself some time off of Senator Hatch's time on this amendment. I will cease and desist the moment either Senator Leahy or Senator Hatch comes forward to debate the amendment.  Back to medical expenses.  One of the most basic misunderstandings is that people with medical bills will have that circumstance ignored. Not only are those expenses explicitly allowed but any other expenses that make sense are allowed. That is under the IRS standards. On top of that, the bill allows additional expenses, including medical expenses for everybody from your nondependent children to your grandparents and your grandchildren.  There are no reasonable medical expenses, from contact lenses to cancer therapy, from yours to your wife's to your grandchild's, that would not be counted as a necessary expense in calculating someone's ability to pay.  So much for this idea that these poor people who have these exceedingly high medical expenses--and they really do--will not be able to declare bankruptcy and do straight bankruptcy in chapter 7.  Again, if you are under the median income in your State, you are not even subject to the calculations anyway. So much for the charges that this legislation is unfair to women and children and to those of limited means. It improves protections for those who depend on alimony and child support, and those below the median income are explicitly excluded from the means test. The means test for those who are above the median income permits all forms of medical and other expenses to be considered in calculating the ability to pay.  Next, often cited is the ``failure'' of this legislation to deal with what is supposedly a major abuse of the current system, the unlimited homestead exemption now permitted in a handful of States.  Let me make this clear. I agree with my friend from Wisconsin that we should have an absolute cap on the homesteading expense. We should not have it like Texas, Florida, and other States that allow the abuse of someone going out and buying a $6 million or $8 million home and then declaring bankruptcy and the home being out of reach of the creditors. That is unfair. I think it should be capped in the $100,000 to $150,000 range nationwide. We tried that. It didn't work. What we did do is this.  Everyone should be outraged at those who thumb their nose and move to Florida or Texas and buy multimillion-dollar homes. As outrageous as these cases might be, this is quite rare. I am afraid those who made the treatment of the homestead exemption the grounds for their rejection of this bill have based their votes on a pretty weak foundation. Here is a GAO report from 1999 in which they found, first, that only 52 percent of bankruptcy cases from a sample in Texas involved a homestead in any way.  Second, only 1.2 percent of those cases involved homesteads--that is homes--of more than $100,000--not a lot of multimillion-dollar homesteaders there, Mr. President. A similar sample from Florida, the other supposedly big offender on this issue, found that .8 percent--less than 1 percent--of the cases with any kind of homestead involved a homestead of more than $100,000--not a lot of multimillion-dollar bankruptcy bungalows there.  Again, Mr. President, as far as I am concerned, a single abuse of the homestead exemption by a filer is one too many. But let's not pretend this bill has turned a blind eye to a major problem. There is not a major problem, but the bill, in fact, does make a major advance over current law.  If I had my choice, it would be a $100,000 cap. If you buy a house within 2 years of filing for bankruptcy, the cap is $100,000, which we have in this bill before us. No change in current law? Well, I will take this bill over current law. Let me explain in more detail what I mean.  Right now, if in fact you go out and buy yourself an $8 million home 2 years before you file bankruptcy, that home is liable to be possessed. Now, if they buy it 2 days before and it is exempt-- I am talking about .8 percent of all the filers who claimed the homestead exemption in Florida. For example, I know I am going to file for bankruptcy in 2 years, so now I am going to go out and buy an $8 million home. Let me be clear. I think there should be a flat prohibition of hiding assets in homes above 100,000 bucks. Very few have ever done it. It should be changed, but very few have done it, and we have made a significant change among those who may have done it or who are intending to do it.  Finally, I want to say something about a number of other amendments I expect we are going to see in the course of this debate.  The truth in lending legislation is not a bankruptcy law. There is no evidence presented by anyone here that anyone has gone bankrupt or declared bankruptcy because they have been falsely or not honestly lent money. There is no evidence of that. These amendments are not about bankruptcy law; they are about banking law.  I support more disclosure, and they are clearly within the jurisdiction of the Banking Committee, as I am sure Senator Gramm will tell us, but I know a number of my colleagues have felt it is essential to require, as they say, some balance in bankruptcy reform legislation by demanding more on the part of lenders as we demand more of debtors.  Fair enough. I support the idea. Last session, I offered, along with Senator Torricelli and Senator Grassley, an important amendment that required additional disclosure by lenders. That amendment was added on the floor last Congress.  These new disclosures include a strong notice, a warning that making minimum payments will stretch out the time it will take to pay off the loan and that a 1-800 number must be put on there for you to call to find out how long it would take you to pay.  Those disclosures include more information on so-called teaser rates on the envelope that come in the mail every week.  This bill before us contains some improvements, but that is not related to bankruptcy. That is related to banking and truth in lending, which I support more of.  Additionally, there is the assumption that lenders, not borrowers, are responsible for bankruptcy. The key assumption here is that a rational businessman, a lender, especially credit card lenders, seek out those who have no hope of repayment and foist unbearable debt upon them just so they can fight with them in bankruptcy.  I do not follow the argument, but we can see if there is anything to it. Fortunately, the Congressional Research Service, a nonpartisan organization in the U.S. Congress, for the last few years has looked into the issue at my request.  I direct my colleagues' attention to the CRS report on March 19, 1988, entitled ``Bankruptcy and Credit Card Debt: Is There a Casual Relationship?'' It is not every day we have such a direct response available to a question that is constantly put forward on this floor. This is not industry propaganda. This is not interest group rhetoric. This has nothing to do with campaign contributions, as alleged by my friend from Wisconsin. This is the Congressional Research Service on which we have all come to rely for expert nonpartisan analysis.  The answer to the question is no, credit card debt cannot be shown to be the cause of bankruptcy.  Here is the conclusion of the report:       The available aggregate data do not show that credit card      debt has caused a major shift in U.S. household financial      conditions.  Addressing that underlying assumption I spoke of, the report says:       Is credit card borrowing a trap for the unwary, bringing      disorder into the financial houses of an unspecifiable number      of atypical families and individuals? Perhaps, but so are      medical expenses, divorce, job loss, casino gambling,      narcotics, investment scams, and so on. Anecdotal evidence      abounds, statistical evidence is scarce.  That was 1998. What has happened since? Last month, I asked the CRS to update its analysis.  Here is the unchanged conclusion--as of February 20--based on the latest data:       While credit card debt has been the fastest-growing      component of household debt, the size of the debt outstanding      does not appear to be so great (especially when rising      incomes are considered) that it can be held primarily      responsible for the steep rise in consumer bankruptcy filings      since 1980. At the same time, the claim that credit card      companies are creating financial distress by mass-marketing      an expensive form of credit to low-income or financially      unsophisticated households finds little support . . . .  I know that for some of my colleagues, blaming lenders for bankruptcies is a matter of faith. Unfortunately, it is not a matter of fact.  That is why I will vote against amendments that are properly the jurisdiction of the Banking Committee.  It is not because I think all lenders act responsibly, or that nobody ever got suckered by a credit card company. It is because the best evidence I have to work with tells me that these amendments are not germane to bankruptcy reform.  In closing, I look at the years of debate, hearings, and floor time we have expended on this issue, and I look at the strong, bipartisan majorities that have consistently supported bankruptcy reform throughout this process, and finally, I look at the 70 votes that this very bill--without the Schumer-Hatch language on clinic violence--received in the Senate last year.  Like every bill that has undergone this much debate and consideration, it is the product of compromise. It is not a root-and-branch overhaul of the current bankruptcy code; it makes incremental but important changes in the operation of the current system.  It will affect perhaps 10 percent of those who currently file under chapter 7, and only those who have the demonstrated ability to pay. It adds important new protections for the women and children who depend on child support. It restores, at the margins, some personal responsibility to a system that that in recent years has been the subject of abuse.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  