 President, I am very pleased that the Senate will unanimously pass Senate Concurrent Resolution 53: Africa Hunger to Harvest. I became a cosponsor of the resolution because I strongly believe that it is an important first step towards a renewed commitment to acting in concert with our African partners to significantly reduce poverty and hunger on the sub-continent in the next ten years. I saw to it that the resolution moved out of the Foreign Relations Committee expeditiously because I wanted this legislation to pass with all due haste. As you know, the G-8 members are preparing for their meeting in Genoa. I hope that President Bush will interpret the passage of Africa: Hunger to Harvest as a signal of the Senate's support for development in Africa, and obtain commitments from other members of the G-8 to devise comprehensive plans to increase the ability of African nations to feed their people.  Sub-Saharan Africa is a region with vast human and economic potential. There is a preponderance of natural resources, and a large enough population to provide the labor necessary to fuel industry. Yet Africa, for the most part, has not prospered. It is the only region of the world where hunger is increasing. In the past thirty years the number of hungry people in Africa has more than doubled to the point where one of every three Africans is chronically undernourished. There are many reasons why: war, natural disaster, corruption, and poor governance, to name a few. And while African themselves must take ultimate responsibility for the success or failure of their countries, we have the resources and opportunity to help improve the lives of millions of people living there.  This resolution lays out a preliminary blueprint for doing so. It directs the Agency for International Development to devise solid, concrete five- and ten-year strategic plans to help Africans reverse the current state of affairs for many living in the region, and asks that the plans focus on such key areas as the establishment of democratic institutions, private sector and free market development, access to education, improved health, and debt relief. The blueprint itself acknowledges that hunger and poverty must be attached along these critical fronts to be eliminated.  A necessary component to achieving development is stability in the region, but stability alone will not result ineconomic growth and improved living conditions. The establishment of the rule of law and democratic institutions is also necessary. Africans must have a say in the structure of their societies. They must be able to find a remedy through courts, they must have rules and regulations in place that provide an atmosphere of accountability. They must be able to put leaders in place that are dedicated and capable of imposing sound fiscal and economic policies. Leaders that work for the African people. That is why an emphasis on building democratic institutions is an essential building block in any plan to help improve conditions in African countries. Establishing institutions, accountability and rule of law helps establish favorable conditions for investment in the private sector.  Such investment is supported by increased opportunities for education, especially for women and girls. Education must be an integral part of this undertaking. While the illiteracy rate for women in the developing world stands at 32 percent, in Africa it is approaching 48 percent. In other words nearly half the women in Sub-Saharan Africa are completely illiterate, according to the World Bank. This has very serious and costly implications. Women with more education have fewer children, and start families later. Great education increase a mother's knowledge about child healthcare, which increases the chances that their offspring will grow to adulthood. Having fewer children frees more resources to educate the children families do have. The illiteracy rate for man and Africa is just as startling: 31.1. percent compared to 18 percent in the rest of the developing world. Economic growth is nearly impossible without investment in human capitol. We must work to change this state of affairs.  Health indicators are equally alarming. The infant mortality rate in Sub-Saharan Africa is higher than in any other region of the world. For every 1000 children born, 107 die in infancy. The under five mortality rate is 160 for every child born. This rate is significantly lower than it is in the rest of the developing world. Life expectancy for women fortunate enough to survive childhood is less than 48 years. Men who survive childhood live just shy of 46 years on average.  Seventy percent of those living with HIV/AIDS are in sub-Saharan Africa. The UN Human Development Report states that Rwanda, Botswana, Burundi, Namibia, Zambia, and Zimbabwe life expectancy has dropped more than seven years because of the disease. It knows no boundaries of income or education or occupation. Teacher and soldiers as well as mine workers and women who work in the house are equally at risk. While there are a few notable exceptions, it seems as through African heads of state are just now beginning to realize that they cannot hold their heads in the sand with respect to this issue. We must help and encourage them to not only devise credible plans to combat the spread of the disease, but to speak out about it.  All of the above emphasizes the fact that development in the health sector must be addressed as part of the USAID's strategic plans on humanitarian grounds and economic grounds. If we fail to do so, we risk losing a huge portion of the population of African countries, both in infancy due to childhood maladies and between the ages of 15 and 49, which is the bulk of the working population.  Finally, let me say that while we have made great strides on the issue of debt relief, we need to continue our efforts. Many countries will continue to have unsustainable levels of debt despite the advances that were made by the global ecumenical debt relief movement. Debt relief has positive results. In Uganda, for example, debt relief has meant that the government has increased spending on education so that children are able to attend primary school for free. New ways must be found to provide resources for countries where the poorest of the poor residents reside.  A reversal of fortune for the region is sorely needed. The rest of the world is leaving Africa behind in terms of economic development. It was the only region in the world to have experienced a shrinkage of Gross Domestic Product during the past 25 years. This trend must not continue. We have a lot of work ahead of us. The United States will never be able to help African nation feed their hungry populations without dedicating resources to implement plans which concentrate on the areas aforementioned. My colleagues have heard me say over and over again that we are not spending enough money on constructive foreign assistance programs such as the one set out in Senate Congressional Resolution 53. I repeat that admonition and add this: We can direct USAID to develop as many plans as we want to. At the end of the day, we must be willing to finance such plans. I stand ready to do so. I encourage my colleagues to do the same.  