 President, I appreciate my colleague from Connecticut allowing me to stand up and speak for a brief moment before he responds. He has an amendment.  I say to my friend from Georgia and my friend from North Carolina, whom I respect immensely, this is an idea whose time has not come. Here we are with a 28-page amendment before the Senate that we have not read, that is occurring at the very moment, as my friend from Georgia says, when American special forces are eating dust in Afghanistan, at a time when we were relying upon the cooperation of an alliance and a NATO and non-NATO forces that have agreed to support us in that effort, at a time when we are holding a coalition together, along with many Members who have supported this International Criminal Court, and we are going to try to change their minds about how we should amend the language of the Criminal Court to make it a reasonable thing we could in fact theoretically be a part of, to come along and tell them: By the way, if you already have signed onto this Court, but unless you decide--as one piece of the amendment requires--that unless you agree ahead of time that you would never under any circumstances abide by this Court as it relates to the transfer of an American person accused of a crime, we are in effect dissing you: We ain't going to work with you anymore.  It seems to me a pretty bad moment to be making that claim at this time. As my friend from Georgia pointed out, we want some options. We have plenty of time between now and the next several months to do what we are supposed to do. This was referred to the Foreign Relations Committee. It was introduced and referred to the committee by my distinguished colleague, the ranking member, former chairman, Senator Helms, when he was chairman. He held no hearings on it this year after it was introduced. Since it has been in my committee--some version of this, not the same thing--there has been no request for me to hold hearings on this legislation.  Here we are on a Friday afternoon about to pass--I hope--a significant bill, and a 27-page amendment is dropped on our desk that is the most far-reaching and consequential extension of an argument against this Court that I have ever heard. It may make sense. Theoretically, it can make sense. But if you are ever going to pick a moment not to do this, it would be at this very moment when we have just--I have been a major party to this--literally broken the arms of the Serbs to make sure they send Milosevic to a criminal court. We have broken the legs of everyone we can--figuratively speaking--diplomatically to get Saddam Hussein before a criminal court, an international court. We have asked them to all step up to the plate and try to bring to trial terrorists and people we are after--the bin Ladens--whom we don't want to try in this country.  It seems to me to come along, and say, but, by the way, if you have signed onto any of this stuff that we don't like, we are not only going to see to it that we don't cooperate with you, but we are limiting our relationship with you, as I read this--that is a pretty big deal.  I wonder how Mr. Blair is thinking, that at this moment when we are putting pressure, or Mr. Schroeder, who risked his entire government with a vote of no confidence--he survived by I think two votes, and I will have the Record correct me if I am wrong about the number of votes--but barely survived in order to commit German forces to fight next to American special forces on the ground--who strongly supports this, and say, by the way, you are our enemy if you signed onto this Court. Give me a break.  Let us have regular order, as they say around here. We have plenty of time. I promise you I will hold hearings on this. But don't ask us to digest 27 pages of the most far-reaching application of an objection--by the way, in the Commerce, Justice, and State appropriations bill we already passed legislation of the distinguished Senator from Idaho barring cooperation with this Court. It still takes 13 more nations to sign on before the Court comes into effect. We have time. Let us do this in an orderly way.  I commit to you that at the earliest moment--if you want to pick a date, I will give a date--I will come back during recess and hold hearings. Let us get some serious people in here giving serious input. Just possibly, you people have missed something. Just possibly, you have inadvertently made a mistake in how broad this is, which may harm American troops. I do not know that it does. But I have been around here long enough to know that my mother's expression is a correct one: Often the road to hell is paved with good intentions. I have no doubt about the intentions. But I have some concern that you may have paved the road to hell a little bit for the very American personnel we are trying to save.  I really ask you in a more sober moment, even before we get on to the debate--I don't want to discourage my friend from Connecticut either--to sort of stand down here. I promise you I will set hearings. I will hold the hearings. I will not attempt in any way to delay reporting out legislation on this subject. Let us do this in the normal legislative way.  I thank my colleagues. I appreciate their intent. I know there is not a single Senator who doesn't share this concern. The last thing we want is an American tried before a kangaroo court.  I respectfully suggest that we are sending some sort of silly signals right now to the world. We are asking the world to join us. We are asking the world to participate with us. We are asking the world to try bad guys who have committed crimes against humanity, and yet we are setting up military tribunals and blanket, broad, broad pieces of legislation such as this that we really haven't had hearings on, haven't thought through, haven't debated, and haven't refined.  I do not know that I am against this. Russell Long once said to me after I said to him, ``But, Mr. Chairman, I am not sure about this piece of legislation,'' ``Joe, let me tell you something. Around this place, when in doubt, vote no.''  I am in doubt. I don't know how you cannot be in doubt. This is 27 pages long, and we are going to do this in the next 15 minutes. I think it is a mistake.  I yield the floor.  