 President, I rise today to introduce the Frances Collender Public Safety Officers' Benefit Improvement Act of the year 2001.  At around 6 a.m. on February 6 of this year, Corporal Frances Collender of the Delaware State Police pulled her cruiser behind a van that had been disabled by an accident on Route 1 in Odessa, DE. Tragically, Corporal Collender was struck and killed by another driver just as she was assisting the disabled motorist. There was a little bit of snow on the ground.  Corporal Collender was not only a beloved mother and daughter, she was also beloved by her entire troop and by the State Police. This was a woman who, after having started another career, went back and decided to become a public safety officer and joined the elite of the Delaware State Police. She was sort of the mother figure of these folks who were a lot younger than she. She was a leader. She was a corporal, but in many ways she was the captain. She was the one to whom everybody looked.  Everything and anything that was good that was being sponsored by police organizations in our State--she was not atypical in that sense--she was involved in. She was always one who not only refused to shirk her duty but took on additional responsibilities.  She did not have to respond to this call. She was about to get off, but she responded--it was typical of her--to keep someone else from having to come out. She was ``nearby,'' so she responded. And she has passed away. She volunteered, as she always did, and, in doing so, maybe saved somebody else's life but lost her own.  This week, with thousands of law enforcement officers, survivors, and family members gathered in the Nation's Capital for National Police Week, we listened to the President of the United States, as we have other Presidents. We listened as the rollcall was called of all fallen officers nationwide in the calendar year 2000. Until you attend an event such as this, as I am sure my colleagues have, it doesn't--how can I say this?--it doesn't sink in, just how incredible these officers are, just what incredible chances they take for us, and just how many lose their life in doing so.  Corporal Collender had two beautiful daughters, one of whom has become my buddy. She is 17 years old; she is smart; she is beautiful; she is engaged. She lives with her grandmom and grandpop who, if you knew them--especially grandmom--you would understand, without knowing Corporal Collender, that she is everything I said she is.  It seems to me we have to do more than pay our respects once a year to these families for the sacrifices they have made on our behalf. I was involved with a group, years ago, that decided although it is technically not a Federal responsibility, we should provide a death benefit to fallen and slain officers. What I am suggesting today is that a death benefit is not sufficient. It was set years ago. Although it has increased with inflation, it is below what I think is a realistic need of the average first responder's salary.  This will cover first responders including firefighters. If you think about it, there are very few people in law enforcement--none goes into it because they think they are going to make a lot of money, and very few in law enforcement come from families who have trusts or endowments or inheritances that are left. They are working-class people, almost all these days college educated. But they make a decision because of their sense of duty, their sense of honor, and their sense of just wanting to take on difficult tasks. When they die, their families are left in a very difficult circumstance.  I need not tell anyone in here that a $150,000 death benefit--which is what the original death benefit is up to now because of inflation--is insufficient. It is not going to pay even for the college costs of one of Corporal Collender's daughters, if she goes to a private institution, by the time they get there. It will not even pay for the college costs of her younger daughter if she goes to my alma mater, the State University of Delaware.  So I think it is time, particularly in this period of incredible surplus we are talking about, when we can decide that the inheritance tax should be eliminated for billionaires, when we decide we are going to give hundreds of thousands of dollars in tax breaks to people who make over a million bucks and up, that we ought to be able to, for the relative handful, thank God--we are talking hundreds now, not talking thousands--we ought to be able to raise the death benefit for those who give their lives to make us safer.  Since 1972 with the shooting of a New York deputy sheriff, over 15,000 public safety officers have been killed in the line of duty; 30 officers from my State. Thirty from my little State have paid the ultimate price, with Corporal Collender being the most recent loss. This past Sunday, 313 names were added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Yesterday, as I said, families paid tribute to those fallen officers by laying a wreath at the National Peace Officers Memorial Service. I was there. The President paid tribute to Corporal Collender and her family and to the families of all officers who were lost.  There are too many--there are too many--line-of-duty deaths each year, and for too long our response to their families just hasn't been enough.  The Justice Department runs the Public Safety Officers' Benefits program, an initiative begun 25 years ago to make one-time payments to assist public safety officers and their families when they become disabled, or lose their lives, in the line of duty.  For the first 12 years of its existence the Public Safety Officers' Benefits Program issued $50,000 payments to qualifying officers and their families.  In 1988, we recognized this figure was inadequate both to express the gratitude of a grateful nation and to try to put these families on sound financial footing. So 13 years ago we raised the payment to $100,000 and indexed it for inflation. This year the program began at $151,000.  Last year, 181 claims were paid, and the Public Safety Offices' Benefits program has successfully helped disabled officers, their families, and the families of those officers killed in the line of duty put their lives back together.  It is time to take another look at the Public Safety Officers' Benefits program. Recently, the other body approved legislation that would increase to $250,000 the maximum death benefits for families of military personnel killed in the line of duty. We should do the same thing for the families of slainpublic safety officers, including firefighters.  So today I am introducing the Frances Collender Public Safety Officers' Benefits Improvement Act, legislation that will increase the payment under the Public Safety Officers' Benefits Program from $100,000 to $250,000. Payments will continue to be indexed for inflation. We have not adjusted the payment under this program for almost 15 years, and the families of those who have paid the ultimate price deserve some more help than they are getting.  I have raised this issue with my good friend and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Hatch. He has indicated he may very well want to join as an original cosponsor of the bill. I have not been able to get in touch with him this morning, so I have not added his name. The reason I am introducing the bill now is because the afternoon will get so busy and I may not have an opportunity to speak to the introduction of this legislation. If my friend from Utah decides to join me on this bill, as I hope he will, I am prepared to rename this act in the name of both Frances Collender and a slain Utah police officer that my friend from Utah would like to add to this legislation. I would be happy to do that if he decides and wishes to join me.  During Police Week, while the Collenders and other heroic families of public safety officers are in Washington to pay tribute, let's show our gratitude as well, beyond our sympathy. Washington can pay tribute. They can pay tribute by us voting and agreeing to increase this death benefit. It is the least Congress can do to express our gratitude to the peace officers for all they have done. If we cannot afford it now, we can never afford it. I do not see how we can afford not to do this for the public safety officers of this Nation.  I thank the Chair. I thank the family of Frances Collender for their bravery because it is sometimes much harder to be in the waiting room than the operating room. Sometimes it is much harder to be at the grave site than being the one buried, I suspect. They have shown great class. They have shown great resolve. And the one thing all of us who deal with law enforcement and firefighters know, they never forget their own. Although those two beautiful young girls of Frances Collender do not have their mother, they have inherited, for as long as they live, the entire police force of the State of Delaware, who, for real--it is not hyperbole--will be there for them, whether they ever knew their mother or not, until the day they die. It is part of the tradition, it is part of the honor, and it is part of our responsibility as well.  I thank the Chair.  