 They are at a minimum of $1.8 billion. Just the six tunnels that go into New York City carry 350,000 people per day. They are antiquated, built around 1910, and need significant upgrading to protect the safety and security of the people traveling on those rails. I could go down the list. I will not, in the interest of time.  The managers of the bill have made an agreement with me and with the Presiding Officer and many others to do the following: We will withhold that amendment on this aviation safety bill. The chair and the ranking member of the Commerce Committee are going to attempt to mark up an Amtrak security bill and possibly a port security bill in their committee as early as next Tuesday. God willing and the creek not rising, as my grandfather would say, there is a possibility they will be able to report that to the floor sometime next week. I have spoken to the leadership on our side and have not had a chance to speak with the leadership on the Republican side. It is our hope to bring that bill up and vote on that piece of legislation.  In addition to that, I have had an opportunity to speak with the chairman of the Appropriations Committee and others who have indicated there would be an attempt as we deal with the appropriated money for this legislation we are about to pass, as well as other security needs, that Amtrak would be considered in that process. I particularly thank my friend from Arizona who is all for safety but not so much all for Amtrak. He has been very helpful here and has indicated if we are not able to get--I ask him to correct me if I am wrong--if for some reason we are prevented from getting the authorizing legislation up before the appropriators do their job, he will not object to the appropriators going forward, notwithstanding his long-held view, as I have as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, of not wanting the appropriators to do the work of the authorization committee.  I ask my friend, is that basically correct?  Mr. McCAIN. No.  The Senator from Delaware is correct, but I would like to emphasize that we do have a safety and security problem with the railway system in America. It isn't just Amtrak; it is railway, railroad stations, it is railway centers and hubs all over America. So we need to take care of security and safety requirements so that people can ride on railroads just as we are attempting with this aviation legislation so that people can ride on airplanes in safety and security.  Yes, I am sorry to say, the Senator from Delaware is correct. I would support an appropriation for safety and security, but I certainly would, as usually has been my custom, resist the appropriations that would have to do with other matters, including additional track, rail, salary, pay, union, and almost anything that can ever be imagined is usually proposed on one of these bills.  I thank the Senator. I thank my dear friend from Delaware.  