  First of all, with regard to the credit card companies, this isn't a problem for credit card companies. If you go to the grocery store and use a credit card, it lists the grocery store. You have an automatic receipt. There is a presumption that you went to the grocery store and you bought groceries. They are not luxury goods. That is automatic. You could go in and charge $1,000 of groceries on that credit card and there would be no problem.  Second, if you take a look at what we are talking about, in addition to the credit card companies, you can draw up to $750 in cash. You if go above $750, you have to explain. If you go up to $749 in cash, you don't have to explain anything to anybody.  We are talking about the mother who is in real trouble and can't pay her bills. I am as sympathetic to that as anyone. But that is not with this is about. We are misreading.  First of all, it applies to only luxury goods. On page 147, line 2, a consumer's debt owed to a single creditor--if you have five different credit cards and go out and charge $250 on five different credit cards, it doesn't matter. This is a bunch of malarkey, with all due respect.  I understand the intention, and I think this is just a misreading of the legislation.  Let me speak to the issue of my good friend. I happen to be on the oppositeside of Senator Boxer. She is literally my closest friend in the Senate. I don't like doing this. But here is the deal.  Her staff--my former staff--is telling her how this works, as well as these groups are telling her how this works. This is how it works. When you file for bankruptcy, you go before a bankruptcy judge or you go before a master. You have to show up. You have to pay for the cab or the bus to get there. You have to be there.  When you get there, it is a one-stop shopping deal. You have a list, and you have to submit what you spent. You have to submit everything as to why you deserve to go into chapter 13. It is required under the law. For anybody now--no matter when--it is required.  So you have the list and the credit card. You list the credit card. You have all these groceries you bought on the credit card. They are listed. The problem is the non-credit-card guys. You go into Boscov's--and you have credit with Boscov's--and you decide to buy a couch. It is arguable whether that is a luxury good or not. Boscov's might want to fight you about that. They then have to come into court and say: Hey, judge, that was a couch she bought. That was not a luxury good, she says. No, no. It was a crib for my baby. Well, then, file the receipt. Was it a crib for a baby and/or was it a brand new leather couch? What is the deal?  Look, I will do anything I can to change this to accommodate what the concern is of my friends. But I do not understand the concern. It says ``Per creditor.'' You could have five credit cards, No. 1. No. 2, you can take up to $750 in cash out per credit card that you have. You can take it out. No. 3, you can go in and spend $249 on a zircon ring for your daughter because it has been a bad day at Boscov's. That is a luxury good, but you can do that. And, No. 4, you can take all your credit cards and/or your checking account and/or anything and buy $10,000 worth of jeans for your kids--shirts for your baby, formula--whatever dire example I am going to be given here.  Look, with all due respect, this is much ado about nothing. It is the same way in which you would have to go in under $10,750 under the law now. How do you do it now?  