 President, it has been 16 years since the United States Congress last enacted re-authorizing legislation governing our controls on the export of dual-use technology, those items suited for both civilian and military uses. For much of the past 7 years, the President has been forced to exercise emergency powers to maintain dual-use export controls following the expiration of the 1979 Export Administration Act. This temporary exercise of authority has limited the penalties the Federal Government can enforce on export control violators and has opened up existing export controls to a series of legal challenges.  It is high time, therefore, that the Senate act on S. 149, a bill to re-authorize the Export Administration Act. I look forward to the passage of this bill and the creation of a modern system of export controls.  We owe this to U.S. companies, which deserve a rational and predictable framework of export controls. We owe this to our friends and allies, who look to the U.S. export control system as a model in devising their own systems. And, most importantly, we owe this to our national security, we cannot rely forever on an ad hoc system that metes out insufficient penalties and is based on shaky legal ground.  Export controls exist, first and foremost, for reasons of national security. The United States must not export items when the item or the end-user may contribute to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, strengthen the military capabilities of those who would oppose us, or otherwise endanger U.S. national security. A comprehensive export control system is just as important to preserving America's freedom and security as a strong military.  But export controls also exist to facilitate the free trade of goods and services, an essential building block of our international economy. The future growth of our economy and a leading global role for U.S. industry require a vital export market.  I think all of us can agree that national security considerations must always come first in devising export controls. We can all agree that such controls should not be so arbitrary as tostifle legitimate trade. We may differ, however, on where we draw the line in balancing these two opposing considerations.  Export controls can also serve another purpose. They can help reaffirm America's global leadership on human rights. Let me take this opportunity to commend Senators Sarbanes and Enzi for accepting an amendment proposed by Senator Leahy and me in this regard. The managers' amendment to S. 149 will tighten the controls on the export of items expressly designed for torture or especially susceptible to use in torture.  We are talking about items such as stun guns and shock batons, leg cuffs and restraint chairs. Yes, some of these items can have legitimate law enforcement uses and are in fact employed in a manner that does not abuse human rights. That is why this amendment would continue to allow their export, but make them subject to the licensing process and require the specific concurrence of the State Department as well as the approval of the Commerce Department.  The items covered by this amendment are devices that governments around the world too often use in suppressing political dissidents and ethnic opposition. This amendment requires the U.S. government to license each and every export of such items. It will help ensure that the United States does not indirectly contribute to the torture of individuals by engaging in the unlicensed trade of items used for torture. It is my hope that the Commerce and State Departments, working together, will see to it that licensed exports of these items are permitted only to those countries whose governments carry unblemished human rights records.  I once again thank Senators Sarbanes and Enzi for accepting this amendment, and especially Senator Leahy, who is once again a champion of human rights and with whom I am always delighted to work.  During this debate, a group of Senators, led by my good friends Senator Thompson and Senator Kyl, has led an intense effort against S. 149. They argue that this bill fundamentally favors commercial equities over our national security interests. They are skeptical that the Commerce Department, which is responsible for cultivating U.S. business interests around the world, can play an impartial role in weighing national security considerations.  Truth be told, I have shared some of their concerns. That's why I am pleased that the floor managers have reached a compromise with Senators Thompson and Kyl. This compromise includes amendments to S. 149 to: 1. enhance the discretionary authority of the Commerce Department to deny export licenses to another country when it is blocking legitimate post-shipment verifications of sensitive exports and 2. tighten the definition of foreign availability determinations which can exempt items from export controls. These changes to S. 149 approved today offer real improvements to this bill.  I plan to vote for S. 149. On the whole, this bill takes the right steps to bring our export controls for dual-use technologies into the 21st century. Is it a perfect bill? No. The House International Relations Committee, in marking up this bill last month, approved dozens of amendments, on a bipartisan basis. I would hope, therefore, to see further improvement of this bill in conference.  But now is not the time for delay on S. 149. The Senate has a duty to pass this legislation and to restore stability and predictability to our export control system for sensitive dual-use technologies.  