 President, the Foreign Operations appropriations bill is one of the most important appropriations related to national security that Congress makes during the course of the year. It is a little known fact to most Americans, but foreign assistance is among the first lines of defense in ensuring the safety and security of each and every American here and abroad.  Through this appropriation we fund anti-terrorism activities, we provide money to give jobs to Russian nuclear physicists who would otherwise be offering their services to whatever terrorist organizations were willing to pay them, we fund our antinarcotics efforts and provide money to combat the spread of deadly diseases before they reach our shores. Mr. President, we are in no way devoting the necessary resources to the front line.  I thank the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Foreign Operations Appropriation sub-Committee. They did the best they could with the allocation they were given. I know that if he had his druthers the chairman would have been working with a much bigger number. I do not intend to criticize the hard work that the subcommittee has done. And I will acknowledge that for its part, the Senate Budget Committee certainly exceeded the administration's grossly inadequate request when it made the initial allocation. I applaud that. And I applaud the fact that the conferees understood the importance of the Non-proliferation, AntiTerrorism, Demining and Related Programs, fully funding vitally important accounts such as those for Non-proliferation and Disarmament, the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization Preparatory Commission, Antiterrorism, Terrorist Interdiction and the International Science and technology Centers.  What I would say to my colleagues, however, is that the conference report, although it is slightly more than the administration's request, makes it clear that we need to do much, much more. We need to stop thinking about foreign assistance as a handout, as welfare for the developing world, and consider it a strategic investment in America's security.  The tragic events of September 11 were a wake-up call. The United States is not isolated from the rest of the world in a sea of invulnerable tranquility. As we stand here today, there are radicals preaching anti-American sentiments around the globe. They are saying that democracy breeds corruption, and that globalization is the reason for poverty. These radicals take advantage of the desperation of the poor and the hopeless.  Poverty and ignorance are one of the most fertile breeding grounds of terrorism. By now my colleagues are aware of the fact that many members of the Taliban, the same group of radical fiends that harbored Osama bin Laden, were refugees in Pakistan who were too poor to afford school. They were educated in radical seminaries that they attended free of charge. Where were we and the rest of the international community with an alternative for these children? We were absent. It did not concern us. It was not our problem.  On the other side of the world in Mali, a Washington Post article dated September 30 states that Muslim missionaries have taken ``hundreds of recruits'' abroad for religious training. The story states that radical Islamic religious movements are gaining popularity due to corruption and rising poverty. Are we going to ignore the warning signs in west Africa as well? Will we let Mali, an emerging democracy struggling to hold on by the skin of its teeth, become a source of turmoil, unrest and violence? The government there is trying to do the right things in terms of economic and market reform. We should be empowering the Agency for International Development and the State Department to provide the country with the ability to make the transition to democracy in such a way that all people benefit. This appropriation in no way provides enough money to adequately do so.  Those who are hopeless and disaffected swell the ranks of terrorist organizations. Autocratic politically repressive regimes, where discontent and disagreement cannot be expressed, are fertile grounds for terrorist recruitment. In countries that prohibit free speech, freedom of association and political choice, violence becomes the only means through which to affect political change. The United States foreign policy apparatus has the mandate to push for change in these countries. It lacks the means to do so to the extent necessary.  I say to my colleagues that we have got to take heed. The problems in other countries are our problems. We need to engage, and it is impossible to do so on the cheap. We cannot adequately engage the world with the monies allocated in this appropriation. The United States cannot hope to participate meaningfully in the reconstruction of Afghanistan out of these meager funds. The cost of that alone is projected to be as much as $18-20 billion over the next 5 years. A cost which we must be prepared to share among the donor community.  As we speak there are students in the very schools in Pakistan that I spoke of learning to hate America. As we speak there are anti-Western sentiments being preached to people in some mosques in west Africa. What are we doing to expose them to American values and ideals so that they will not be the perpetrators of violence against U.S. citizens in the future?  The United States cannot be all things to all people everywhere. We cannot cure the ills of the world. And I do not believe that eliminating poverty will be the silver bullet that eradicates terrorism. There is no silver bullet or magic potion that will achieve that aim. But let's consider the state of our efforts today. President Bush has declared a war on terrorism. He has stated that we must fight terrorism on all fronts. I submit that foreign assistance is one important tool in our arsenal. We have just been rudely and shockingly awakened to the fact that we need to take advantage of each of these tools.  There is nothing we can do which would 100 percent guarantee that America will not be attacked by terrorists again. What we can do is mitigate the threat. We can help the UN and the government of Pakistan provide alternatives to the madrassass that refugee children in Pakistan attend because there is no other form of education available. We can help eliminate poverty and corruption in developing countries that radical elements seize on as a reason to attack so called western values and democracy.  The United States is spending a billion dollars a month on the war in Afghanistan. I do not begrudge a penny of that money. We must do whatever it takes for however long it takes to wipe Al-Qaida from the face of the earth. However, I strongly believe that we must do all we can to prevent ever having to fight such a war again. One of the ways we can do this is to invest more in preventative measures. We must foster the spread of democracy, bolster the judicial and law enforcement capabilities of developing countries and help strengthen the economies where necessary. What we have done to date is clearly not enough.  