 President, I rise today in opposition to the pending amendment and pledge my continued support for the protection of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge from oil drilling. As most of my fellow Senators will attest, preserving the Alaska wilderness was one of the highest priorities of my friend and former colleague from Delaware, Bill Roth, and I was proud to join him in this fight.  Alaska's coastal plain is one of our Nation's last areas of unspoiled wilderness and it must be protected from oil development and all the activity that comes with it. This practically untouched region is home to a wide variety of wildlife, such as polar bears, caribou, and hundreds of species of birds, and there is great concern that development of the area will threaten this fragile habitat. I urge my colleagues to understand the consequences of permanently altering such pristine landscape when at this point in time, the amount of oil that would be economically developed is speculative at best. I do not believe that we should risk potentially irreversible impact on this rich environment for the sake of uncertain oil recovery.  The most recent petroleum assessment report, conducted by the United States Geological Survey in 1998, estimated that there was between 3 billion and 16 billion barrels of oil in the area. But while the numbers alone are promising, the issue is how much oil is economically recoverable. At a market price of $24 per barrel, the United States Geological Survey estimates a 95-percent chance that 2.0 billion barrels or more would be economically recoverable and a 5-percent chance that 9.4 billion barrels or more would be economically recoverable.  In addition, the best estimates are that if we authorized drilling today, oil from ANWR will not be available for at least 7 to 12 years. Leasing agreements, geologic characteristics and transportation constraints will most certainly affect development rates and production levels. Assuming the best case scenario--peak production of oil at an increased development rate--the most promising production rate is 750,000 barrels per day. To put this in perspective, the United States consumes about 19 million barrels of oil and refined petroleum products a day. In the first 9 months of 2001, the United States imported 1.77 million barrels of oil per day from Canada, 1.73 million barrels of oil per day from Saudi Arabia, 1.58 million barrels of oil per day from Venezuela and 1.37 million barrels a day from Mexico.  Despite the fact that I stand here today in opposition to drilling in ANWR, I do recognize the importance of our country moving forward with a thorough review of our energy policy and I look forward to our discussions in the early part of next year. Our energy policy should be comprehensive and balanced. In addition to examining our options for increasing production of fossil fuels and stabilizing our supplies, we need to explore viable conservation initiatives, make important investments into the research and development of renewable and alternative energy sources, and consider adapting our regulatory and tax structures to help achieve these goals. I know that we can modify our energy polices without undermining our longtime environmental objectives.  