 President, education is, and should be, among our top priorities here in the Senate.  Parents know that the quality of a child's education can make or break that child's future. Businesses understand that they cannot compete in this high-tech world without a well trained and well educated workforce.  That is why what we are doing here today, and have done in the past few weeks is so important.  We have had an opportunity to put aside partisan differences to craft a federal education policy that will strengthen schools, increase accountability, empower parents, and give our teachers and administrators the resources they need to give our children the education they deserve.  In many respects, we have been successful. The bill itself takes some positive steps toward improving public education in America. It provides for annual testing of students and a process for identifying and turning around failing schools. It requires that high standards be set for all students. It targets federal education resources towards the students who need the greatest assistance. It includes a new early reading initiative to promote literacy. Ands it contains other important provisions to help increase parental involvement in their children's education.  In addition, we were able to make a number of key improvements to the underlying bill during the Senate debate. The bill now includes language calling for full funding of title I for disadvantaged children and full funding of the federal commitment to educate children with disabilities. We increased funding for bilingual education and after-school programs. We provided additional funding to improve and modernize resources in school libraries. We passed additional changes to make sure that States use high quality tests to gauge the progress of students. And we passed an amendment that I was proud to cosponsor that will help recruit more teachers.  I am also pleased that the Senate accepted my amendment to provide $180 million to put more school resource officers in our schools. These officers are specially trained to prevent school violence and to quickly respond to crimes, while serving as mentors and role models and providing guidance to students.  Despite these important steps that we have taken, I must say that I am truly disappointed by some missed opportunities.  We missed an opportunity to make reducing class sizes a priority when the Senate voted against Senator Murray's amendment to increase funding for the 100,000 teacher initiative and ensure that it is not consolidated with other teacher quality programs.  We missed an opportunity to help our States renovate and build new schools when the Senate voted against Senator Harkin's amendment to reauthorize a bi-partisan school construction plan.  But above all else, we missed an opportunity to resolve the issue of adequate funding for all the education reforms that this bill requires.  The truth is, we can stand here and make eloquent speeches about all these needed changes in our education system, many of which I wholeheartedly support, but without the resources to back up these eloquent words, nothing will change. I am hopeful that even more resources can be directed toward education during the conference committee negotiations and though the annual appropriations process that will begin shortly.  I believe that on the whole this bill takes a dramatic step in the right direction. It improves accountability, empowers parents, and begins to make the types of investments that our teachers and students deserve and need.  