 President, as we debate the budget resolution, I rise today with the distinguished Senators from Texas, South Dakota, Mississippi and Massachusetts to bring to the attention of our colleagues the urgent need to provide Amtrak and the states with the stable source of capital funding they need for a national system of high speed rail corridors. Specifically, we would like to discuss the need for action on S. 250, the High Speed Rail Investment Act of 2001. We introduced this legislation earlier this year, and already more than 50 of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle have signed on with us.  This bill is cosponsored by both the majority and minority leaders, which brings me to the point of my comments today, as we are considering the budget resolution, that will set our priorities for this year's session of Congress.  Last December, on the very last day of the last session, I took the floor to discuss identical legislation with Senator Lott, Senator Daschle, and other leaders of our body. Our leaders were gracious enough to make a commitment to bring this legislation to the Finance Committee, on which they both serve, and to the Senate floor, during this session.  For reasons beyond our control, we could not include important legislation in the omnibus appropriations bill, but many of us in the Senate, and I was among them, would not take ``no'' for an answer. My great friend Senator Roth, along with Senators Moynihan and Lautenberg, had worked too long on this issue to let this die.  While we could not get this done last year, we got the next best thing: the word of our leaders, on both sides of the aisle that this legislation would be on their list of priorities for this year. So as we discuss our priorities in this budget resolution, it is important to hear from them that the High Speed Rail Investment Act is still on that list.  I yield to Senator Hutchison, who has done so much to promote rational, efficient surface transportation in this country, including the indispensable component of passenger rail.  