 President, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Bioterrorism Preparedness Act, a comprehensive package of measures to improve our Nation's capability to respond to a future biological weapons attack against the United States. This bill, introduced by Senators Kennedy and Frist, would authorize $3.25 billion in funding for fiscal year 2002, a substantial boost in resources for the measures outlined in the bill. I applaud Senators Kennedy and Frist for coming together in a bipartisan spirit and putting forth a bill that takes the first important step towards truly protecting our Nation against future acts of bioterrorism. When Sam Nunn testified in early September before the Foreign Relations Committee on the threat posed by biological weapons, he was very clear, bioterrorism is a direct threat to the national security of the United States and we need to invest the necessary resources to counter this threat accordingly.  As troubling as the recent spate of anthrax by mail attacks was, we were very fortunate that this was a comparatively small-scale attack. Seventeen Americans contracted inhalation or cutaneous anthrax; unfortunately, four individuals died. The next time a biological weapons attack occurs, we may not be so fortunate in dealing with a small number of victims who emerge over a period of weeks. Instead, we may face thousands of victims flooding local emergency rooms and overwhelming our hospitals in a matter of hours. Let's be real here, the anthrax attacks, as small-scale as they have been, have greatly stressed our national public health infrastructure. One out of every eight Centers for Disease Control employees at their headquarters in Atlanta is working on the current anthrax outbreak, forcing the CDC to sideline other essential core activities for the time being. Folks, what we have just been through is small potatoes compared to what we potentially will face. Plain and simple, we can't afford to be so underprepared in the future.  Among Sam Nunn's recommendations for countering biological terrorism, he declared, ``We need to recognize the central role of public health and medicine in this effort and engage these professionals fully as partners on the national security team.'' There are many good things in this bill, ranging from the expansion of the National Pharmaceutical Stockpile to efforts to enhance food safety, but I am especially please that the Bioterrorism Preparedness Act provides direct grants to improve the public health infrastructure at the State and local level. Our doctors, nurses, emergency medical technicians, and other public health personnel are our eyes and ears on the ground for detecting a biological weapons attack. We can't afford not to do everything we can to make sure they have the necessary tools and resources in containing any BW attack. This bill goes a long way towards fulfilling that core commitment.  So I strongly support the Bioterrorism Preparedness Act and I look forward to its early passage and entry into law before the Congress adjourns for the year. But I am deeply concerned that the bill ignores the international aspects to any effective response to potential bioterrorism. As chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, I know that we cannot address the threat of bioterrorism within the borders of the United States alone.  Let me be clear, a biological weapons attack need not originate in the United States to pose a threat to our Nation. A dangerous pathogen deliberately released anywhere in the world can quickly spread to the United States in a matter of days, if not hours. The scope and frequency of international trade, travel, and migration patterns offer unlimited opportunities for pathogens to spread across national borders and even to move from one continent to another. Therefore, we need to view all infectious disease epidemics, wherever they occur, as a potential threat to all nations.  It is for this reason that Senator Helms, the distinguished ranking member on the Foreign Relations Committee, and I worked together in seeking to insert provisions in this bill to enhance global disease monitoring and surveillance. With Senator Kennedy's strong backing, we wanted to ensure the full availability of information, i.e. disease characteristics, pathogen strains, transmission patterns, on infectious epidemics overseas that may provide clues indicating possible illegal biological weapons use or research. Even if an infectious disease outbreak occurs naturally, improved monitoring and surveillance can help contain the epidemic and tip off scientists and public health professionals to new diseases that may be used as biological weapons in the future.  The World Health Organization, WHO, established a formal worldwide network last year, called the Global Alert and Response Network, to monitor and track infectious disease outbreaks in every region of the world.The WHO has done an impressive job so far working on a shoestring budget. But this global network is only as good as its components, individual nations. Many developing nations simply do not possess the personnel, laboratory equipment or public health infrastructure to track disease patterns and detect traditional and emerging pathogens. In fact, these nations often just seek to keep up in treating those who have already fallen ill.  Doctors and nurses in many developing countries only treat a small fraction of the patients who may be ill with a specific infectious disease--in effect, they are only witnessing the tip of a potentially much larger iceberg. According to the National Intelligence Council, governments in developing countries in Africa and Asia have established rudimentary or no systems at all for disease surveillance, response or prevention. For example, in 1994, an outbreak of plague occurred in India, resulting in 56 deaths and billions of dollars of economic damage as trade and travel with India ground to a halt. The plague outbreak was so severe because Indian authorities did not catch the epidemic in its early stages. Authorities had ignored or failed to respond to routine complaints of flea infestation, a sure warning signal for plague.  Owing to the lack of resources, developing nations are the weak spots in global disease monitoring and surveillance. Without shoring up these nations' capabilities to detect and contain disease outbreaks, we are leaving the entire world vulnerable to either a deliberate biological weapons attack or an especially virulent naturally occurring epidemic.  Therefore, Senator Helms and I worked together in proposing language for this bill to authorize $150 million in fiscal year 02 and fiscal year 03 to strengthen the capabilities of individual nations in the developing world to detect, diagnose, and contain infectious disease epidemics. The proposed title would have helped train entry-level public health professionals from developing countries and provide grants for the acquisition of modern laboratory and communications equipment essential to any effective disease surveillance network. Upon first glance, $150 million is chump change in a bill that authorizes more than $3 billion. But I have been assured by public health experts that $150 million alone can go a long ways in making sure that developing countries acquire the basic disease surveillance and monitoring capabilities to effectively contribute to the WHO's global network. The bottom line is that these provisions would have offered an inexpensive, commonsense solution to a problem of global proportions.  I was greatly disappointed, therefore, when the White House weighed in late in the negotiations and expressed its strong insistence that the language Senator Helms and I worked out should be dropped from this bill. While administration officials assured me that they liked our ideas, they asserted any bioterrorism bill passed this year should only include those provisions that carry a domestic focus and meet the test of urgency.  Let me respond to those arguments. It is extremely short-sighted to draw artificial boundaries between ``domestic'' and ``international'' responses to bioterrorism. I have already pointed out that pathogens deliberately released in an attack anywhere in the world can quickly spread to the United States if we are unable to contain the epidemic at its source. The National Intelligence Council has concluded that infectious diseases are a real threat to U.S. national security. To ignore the international arena in favor of domestic solutions alone is profoundly misguided. As for urgency, I can think of few things more urgent than taking the necessary steps to respond to bioterrorism in a global context. Americans have been repeatedly warned by their government leaders to expect other terrorist attacks in the near future; we cannot limit ourselves to thinking these attacks will occur in a conventional form or location. Just this fall, the WHO has had to respond to natural outbreaks of hemorrhagic fever in Pakistan and yellow fever in the Ivory Coast. An effective global disease surveillance network cannot come into existence soon enough.  I therefore intend to offer an amendment, when this bill comes to the floor later this year, to re-insert the provisions to enhance the capabilities of developing nations to track, diagnose, and contain disease outbreaks resulting from both BW attacks and naturally occurring epidemics. It is not my intention to slow down this overall bill or raise any obstacles; on the contrary, I want to see comprehensive bioterrorism legislation reach the President's desk this year. But we cannot address the full scope of the threat posed by biological weapons without including the international component of the solution.  Let me close with an excerpt of testimony from the Foreign Relations Committee hearing on bioterrorism in September from Dr. D.A. Henderson, the man who spearheaded the international campaign to eradicate smallpox in the 1970s. Today, he is the director of the newly-formed Office of Emergency Preparedness in the Department of Health and Human Services, which has the mandate to help organize the Federal Government's response to future bioterrorist attacks. Dr. Henderson was very clear on the value of global disease surveillance: ``In cooperation with the WHO and other countries, we need to strengthen greatly our intelligence gathering capability. A focus on international surveillance and on scientist-to-scientist communication will be necessary if we are to have an early warning about the possible development and production of biological weapons by rogue nations or groups.'' I am hopeful that a majority of my colleagues will recognize we cannot leave the rest of the world to fend for itself in combating biological weapons and infectious diseases in general if we are to ensure America's security as well.  