 This bill, which I also cosponsored in the last Congress, seeks to redress a major inequity that has resulted in a serious slight to the dedicated men and women who have selflessly served our Nation. It is an injustice that has puzzled me for decades.  Current law bans so-called ``concurrent receipt'' of VA disability compensation and military retired pay, so that the amount of any VA disability payment to a military retiree is subtracted from the monthly retirement check. The obvious flaw of this rule is clear to the vast majority of the members of this body and to most members of the House. In its original form, this legislation garnered 78 cosponsors in the Senate and a whopping 378 members in the House. It seems that this was something that should have made it through the Conference Committee process without much question. But, unfortunately, what we saw emerge from conference was a real disappointment to me, to many Members of this body, and most of all, to our brave men and women--both those who have served in the past and those who continue to serve and continue to face the risk of disability.  Here was an opportunity--a real chance to address a serious inequity and we let it fall by the way side. What message are we sending to our Armed Services? This incongruity only hurts those men and women who have devoted the majority of their working lives to our Nation because it only affects military retirees. If a soldier retires from the service after 20 years and has sustained a service-connected disability along the way, then their VA disability payments are subtracted from their military pensions. It makes no sense that those in uniform who suffer a service-connected disability end up being penalized for deciding to remain in the military, while those who chose to leave the military receive their disability payments along with any pension they may receive from an additional employer. The longer you serve in the military, the more you are penalized. Does this make sense? It doesn't to me. They surely have earned both.  We have been fighting this fight now for too long. Year after year, it is brought to the floor and year after year Senators stand up and sing its praises. Now more than ever, Americans are painfully aware of what the sacrifices of our Armed Forces mean to us all. The horrific attacks upon our country on September 11 and the recent 60th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor have made us all appreciate the millions of Americans who have selflessly served our nation and continue to protect our freedoms today. When our troops eventually return from serving in Afghanistan, undoubtedly there will be some among them who will find themselves penalized by our inability to correct this wrong. I am frustrated that even in this time when the importance of our troops is more evident than ever, we continue to shortchange our veterans.  So here we are--poised to send a vastly reduced version of legislation that had huge bipartisan support in Congress to the President for signature. It is my hope the minor concessions made under the Department of Defense authorization conference report will serve as a stepping-stone for future improvements. But still, how many more military retirees must see their VA disability payments reduce their retirement benefits before more meaningful changes are made and this inequality is ended?  We have troops in the field as I speak, putting their safety on the line to protect our way of life, and passage of this Defense Authorization bill is vital to our military operations. So it is important that this bill be passed. But, I want to put my colleagues and this administration on notice, this isn't the last battle in this war. One day those who put their lives at risk by wearing the uniform of this country, and who become disabled from their service, won't be punished for their duty. This is an unfairness that should have been corrected years ago, and an unfairness that will continue to plague those who offered their lives for the freedom we all enjoy. There is too much at stake here and I am not going to give up the fight to enact full concurrent receipt until we get this corrected.  