 President I rise today with my colleague Senator Grassley to introduce a resolution to designate Monday, September 24, 2001 as ``Family Day: A Day to Eat Dinner With Your Children.'' A similar resolution has been introduced in the House of Representatives by Representative Rangel.  Last year, the Senate passed the first Family Day resolution. Since that time, a number of States have followed suit. The Governors of several States--including Alabama, Connecticut, Florida, Indiana, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Ohio, and South Carolina, have already issued Family Day proclamations and additional States are expected to do so in the near future. Family Day has been endorsed by the National Family Partnership, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National Association of Counties, the National Fatherhood Initiative, the National Restaurant Association, Join Together, the National Council on Family Relations, and the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is also urging its member chambers to adopt Family Day.  The idea for the resolution grew out of research done by The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University, CASA, a New York-based research organization led by former Secretary of Health Education and Welfare Joseph A Califano, Jr. Among CASA's many projects is an annual survey of the attitudes of teens and their parents on issues related to drugs, alcohol and cigarettes.  In its past three surveys, CASA has found that the more often a child eats dinner with his or her parents, the less likely that child is to use addictive substances. The results from the 1999 survey were the most striking, revealing that teens who almost always eat dinner with their families are 31 percent less likely than the average teen to smoke, drink or use illegal drugs and that teens who virtually never eat dinner with their families are 72 percent more likely to engage in these activities.  Of course, having dinner as a family is just a proxy for spending time with kids. It is not the meat, potatoes and vegetables that alter a child's likelihood to use drugs. It is the everyday time spent with mom and dad, the two most important role models in most kids lives.  I do not believe that this resolution will be the silver bullet to solving this Nation's drug problem. But I do feel these statistics are telling. CASA President Joe Califano talks about ``Parent Power.'' It is important that parents know the power they have over their children's decisions and the power that they have to deter kids from drinking, smoking or using drugs. For example, nearly half of the teens who have never used marijuana say that it was lessons learned from their parents that helped them to say no.  Unfortunately, many parents are pessimistic about their ability to keep their kids drug-free; forty-five percent admit that they are resigned to the fact that their child will use an illegal drug in the future.  This pessimism is often reinforced by news reports that indicate that while most parents say that they have talked to their kids about the dangers of drugs, only a minority of teens recall the discussion. Rather than be discouraged by this apparent disconnect, I think it should teach us an important lesson: that talking to kids about drugs ought not just be a one-time conversation. Rather, it must be an ongoing discussion.  Keeping up on children's lives, including knowing who their friends are and what they are doing after school, is critical. The experts tell us that some of the telltale signs that a child is drinking or using illicit drugs include behavior changes, change in social circle, lack of interest in hobbies and isolation from family. These changes can be subtle; picking up on them requires a watchful eye.  Eating dinner as a family will not guarantee that a child will remain drug-free. But family dinners are an important way for parents to instill their values in their children as well as remain connected with the challenges that children face and help them learn how to cope with problems and pressures without resorting to smoking, drinking or using drugs.  I sincerely hope that all of my colleagues join me to support this resolution and send a message to parents that they can play a powerful role in shaping the decisions their kids make regarding drinking, smoking and drug use.  