 President, before I begin, let me, as we say in the Senate, be afforded a personal privilege. I want my colleagues to know and the American people to know that this was accomplished not merely because of the hard, industrious, and imaginative efforts of Ambassador Holbrooke, but this was accomplished primarily because of the Senator from North Carolina. He has been resolute in his commitment to saving the American taxpayers' money. He has been resolute in his commitment to preventing waste, and he has been forthright in his assertion that when U.S. interests are at stake, we should speak up. That is precisely what he did here with regard to the United Nations.  As a consequence of his insistence, although this is called Helms-Biden--and I am proud to be a cosponsor of it and am proud to have worked all along with the Senator from North Carolina--but it was his insistence that we condition our commitment to pay what we agree were the arrears, not what the U.N. asserted was the amount of the arrears, upon some serious and genuine reform at the United Nations. Again, it was his insistence on saving the American taxpayers' money if it didn't have to be spent.  The result that no one anticipated from his efforts--maybe he did; most didn't; and I was not certain it would turn out this way--has been that not only are the very folks upon whom conditions were forced not angry but they are probably happier with U.S. participation in the United Nations today than at any time in the last probably 15 years--at least the last decade.  Senator Helms demonstrated that there was nothing venal, nor was it an attempt at retribution, nor an ideological assault upon the United Nations when he opened this gambit by introducing the legislation and immediately inviting the members of the United Nations to come to Washington, DC, to speak before and meet with the Foreign Relations Committee. I may be mistaken, but I don't think this was ever done before. I don't think at any time in the existence of the United Nations was there a wholesale invitation to the Security Council to come to the U.S. Foreign Relations Committee.  The amazing thing is, they all came. They came gleefully. They were slightly skeptical. This was as a consequence of the Senator from North Carolina having first spoken to the Security Council.  Again, I don't know how many Senators have addressed the Security Council in the Senate, and I don't know if he was the first, but I know he preceded me, and I can't think of anyone else in my memory who has done that. He went to the United Nations and in his typical southern gentlemanly fashion was bluntly forthright about his objectives.  I remember at the time reading in the press some fairly harsh criticism of his assertions, assertions made in his gentlemanly manner in New York. Again, almost everyone was wrong because they anticipated the response would be a further freezing, rather than thawing, of the relationship between the United States and the United Nations. A vast majority thought the U.N. would deny us the right to vote because we were not paying our dues.  My colleague, although we arrived the same year, arrived with more wisdom than I did. My colleague, once again, demonstrated that he knew what he was doing. A very close friend of his and a man who actually was a former Democratic State senator, I am told, worked with Senator Helms in years gone by. This man was a public delegate to the United Nations and from North Carolina at the time.  I will never forget, and I don't think anyone ever anticipated they would see, a dinner in New York, organized by our Ambassador, to honor Senator Helms. If I am not mistaken, originally something on the order of 100 invitations were sent out, and yet close to 140 Ambassadors of the 180 nations showed up in the large ballroom of a large hotel in New York City to honor the man many in the press and other places wanted to vilify.  I never thought I would live to see the day when I saw Senator Jesse Helms, Henry Kissinger, Ambassador Holbrooke, Mr. Belk, the public delegate from North Carolina, and the U.N. brass have their picture taken in the middle of that ballroom wearing blue U.N. caps. That was a bit of an epiphany for me.  I was sitting at the table with the German Ambassador. My table had at least three members of the Security Council sitting there. I was amazed to watch what happened. Everyone looked somewhat bemused and amused, and then I noticed all these very dignified diplomats, among the highest ranking persons in their governments, lining up very tactfully, as if they really weren't wanting a picture, to have their picture taken with Senator Jesse Helms.  Now, I don't know if Senator Helms expected that--I don't think he did, knowing him. I cite it not to be humorous, not to say this was sort of interesting simply because it happened, but to point out that because of Senator Helms, for the first time in the 28 years I have been here, there is a genuine sense of warmth, there is a degree of trust, there is a greater openness that has occurred between the U.S. and the U.N. as a consequence of his insistence in saving the American taxpayers money.  I reluctantly went along with the conditions, as my friend from North Carolina knows. I had no doubt the reforms were needed. I thought we should pay the back dues and then prospectively insist on conditions in the future. It was a distinction with some difference.  However, I expect we will have people come to the floor and say the way we finally went was the wrong way to go about it. I point out when we were debating this, and I ask my friend from North Carolina to correct me if I am wrong, I don't remember anybody else who supported the U.N. that garnered one single penny in back dues.  I remember saying to a very significant former Member of the House who was upset with the Helms-Biden approach: I will withhold pushing this. I will give you a week if you can come back to me and tell me you are able to raise one single cent in the House of Representatives to pay the back dues; I'll withdraw.  The point was, everyone talked about the pure game, the purity of doing it the ``right way,'' which leads to the second point. I have served with my friend too long not to understand he has a very healthy skepticism of international organizations. Not a hostility, skepticism. I have served with him too long not to know that he has a skepticism for international agreements made with people who have histories of not keeping international agreements. And I have served with him too long to underestimate his ability to know how to get things done. He knew better than most of us that even if he thought there should be no conditions--which he thought there should be--that you weren't going to get anything done here. You had to bring along a significant portion of the House and a significant minority in the Senate who didn't even want to pay the back dues; didn't want to pay anything, conditions or not.  So as the old saw goes over the last 30 years, anyway, just as only Nixon could go to China, only Helms can fix the U.N. That is true. That is absolutely, positively true. I am sure he has taken some heat from his historically loyal and traditional friends on the center right for doing this, I have no doubt he has taken some heat, but, as usual, being a man who sticks to his principles, he took the heat but in the process of doing so he put the argument against U.S. participation in the U.N. in a position where it had no credibility. How could anyone from the center right challenge the Senator from North Carolina? Nobody doubts his convictions and principle. He is too darned conservative for me. I love him, but he is too darned conservative for me. But if Joe Biden had come along and done this, if Trent Lott had come along and done this, if Dick Lugar and other respected Members did this, and it had been Lott-Biden, anybody on the Republican side, Biden and not Helms, this would not have gotten done.  I pay tribute not only to the substantive changes he has wrought, but pay tribute to his tactical genius and how to get it done. It would not have gotten done, without him and we would be standing here today in semicrisis about whether or not we stay in the U.N., whether or not our vote had been taken from us, whether or not it was any longer relevant. We would have had some bitter ideological debates on this floor had he not gotten us to this place.  I, for one, think the United Nations is an incredibly valuable institution that, on balance, overwhelmingly benefits the American people. But, I say to my colleagues, don't do what some of us who have served with Senator Helms sometimes do--don't underestimate what this fellow did and does, and don't underestimate how knowledgeable he is about getting something done. I am just glad we were not only in the same hymnal on this one, but on the same page on this one.  So I want to personally thank him. He did more than save the American taxpayers $170 million and more to come. He did more than set an atmosphere and tone where now in the United Nations, because of what he did, there is open discussion and debate among the members, not including us, about the need to reform. He was sort of the fellow who came along and said: Hey, but the emperor has no clothes.  Everybody sitting there knew the emperor had no clothes on, but Senator Helms said, ``The emperor has no clothes and until he starts getting dressed I am not playing.'' Now I ask a rhetorical question. Did my friend ever think he would hear a debate with everyone from the Chinese Ambassador to the Russian Ambassador to the German Ambassador to the French Ambassador talking about the need for further reform? And going back to their constituents and saying: We need Reform. They want to save taxpayers money as well.  So that is a big deal. But the bigger deal, in my view, is there is a new sense of legitimacy and vitality in this Chamber, in this Government, in this country, for the United Nations.  I am not Pollyannaish about this. I don't think the United Nations is a one-world government leading to nirvana. That is the farthest from what it is. But it is a practical tool in a number of circumstances, and an increasingly necessary forum for the one superpower in the world to be able to make her views known and garner the support of--or at least prick the conscience of--the rest of the world. We do not want to constantly be put in the position of being that great nation imposing her view on all the rest of the world.  What most of our foreign colleagues do not understand is we Americans are uncomfortable being the sole superpower. I often tell our Europeanfriends--my colleague knows, I am, as is he, deeply involved with NATO and Europe--I often tell them when they complain about us being the only superpower: You don't understand. Americans were not looking or seeking this title. We don't want to be the superpower. If there has to be one it will be us, but that is not our goal. We have no countries to conquer. We have no desire to impose our will. Americans would just as soon tend to their business and be home.  But that is how we are cast today. That is how we are cast by our friends as well as by our foes. I think in that context the United Nations takes on a different and dynamic role with the possibility that we can use it to further our interests.  So what my friend from North Carolina did is make that possible. Whether the U.N. meets those expectations, whether it continues down the road of reform, whether it does what it has the potential to do, remains to be seen. But we would not even be in this position today, February 7, 2001, talking about this possibility were it not for his insistence.  As I said, only Nixon could go to China. Only Helms could make the U.N. relevant at the end of this century and the beginning of the next.  I know he understands, but knowing how he is, he probably refuses to believe how big a role that he played. It is literally that big. That is the deal. That is why this is so consequential. This legislation before us is, in a sense, inconsequential. We are changing one number in a piece of legislation to accommodate what we believe to be the good-faith serious effort to have embarked upon and stay embarked upon making an institution of the 20th century relevant in the 21st century.  As my friend and I have pointed out, we have both spoken at the Security Council. We have both had private meetings, and jointly, with I think literally almost every single delegate to the United Nations. The luncheon he and I did up there, there were 160-some U.N. ambassadors. I doubt whether there is a single U.N. representative--there may be one; I will be dumbfounded if there are more than 20--who has not personally met Senator Helms and personally interfaced with him.  You know, it is an interesting phenomenon. When they looked him in the eye, when they heard him talk and saw him, and kind of touched him, they realized this is the real deal. This isn't about bashing the United Nations for hometown political consumption. And it has had a dramatic impact on the attitude that institution has about itself, the attitude of the American people have about it, the attitude of this body has about it, and the potential utility of that institution to work the way we hoped it would work.  As the chairman has explained, this legislation was reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations earlier today by a vote of 18-0.  This bill is neither long nor complicated. Let me explain it briefly.  In late 1999, Congress passed legislation--the so-called ``Helms-Biden'' law--which authorizes payment of $926 million owed to the United Nations in back dues, conditioned on certain reforms in the United Nations.  The bill provided for payment of the funds in three installments. Each installment was linked to a set of reforms in the United Nations.  The first installment of $100 million was paid in December 1999.  The second installment authorized is $582 million.  The key reform linked to this installment is a requirement that the amount of money the United States pays for U.N. operations be reduced.  We believed such reductions were important because the United Nations had become overly dependent on the United States for its funding.  Also, the economies of many other nations had grown considerably since the rates were last reviewed seriously in the early 1970s, and we believed it only fair that a greater share of the budget burden be assumed by those countries.  I am pleased to report that there has been remarkable progress, not only in the reduction of the U.S. assessment rates, but in U.N. institutional reform in general. Let me talk about the budget reductions.  The United Nations has two budgets. The first budget is the so-called regular budget, which pays for the day-to-day operations of the U.N. Secretariat in New York.  The law that Congress enacted in 1999 required that the rate we are charged for this budget be reduced from 25 percent to 22 percent of the total budget.  Our previous Ambassador to the United Nations, Richard Holbrooke, achieved this objective. Effective January 1, our assessment for this budget is 22 percent.  The second budget is for U.N. peacekeeping operations--for the soldiers in blue helmets around the world. The Helms-Biden law required that our assessment be cut from a rate of just over 30 percent to 25 percent.  Here, as some in the new administration who come from Texas might say, we did not get the whole enchilada--Ambassador Holbrooke did not get our rate down to 25 percent, but Ambassador Holbrooke succeeded in reducing our peacekeeping assessment substantially.  Effective January 1, our peacekeeping rate has been cut to just over 28 percent. It will continue to go down gradually to 26.5 percent by 2003, and possibly lower after that.  It is not everything we wanted, but Senator Helms and I believe that the United Nations has met us more than halfway--and that we should respond.  Accordingly, the bill before the Senate amends the original Helms-Biden legislation to change the one legislative provision that was not completely satisfied.  Taking that step will release the second installment of $582 million .  The bill was approved unanimously by the Committee on Foreign Relations, and I hope the vote in the Senate will also be unanimous.  So let me reiterate. Dick Holbrooke took us a long way.  