 President, today I introduce legislation to reauthorize the Drug Free Communities Act, a program which currently funds more than 300 community coalitions across the country that work to reduce drug, alcohol, and tobacco use.  Four years ago, I worked with Senator Grassley, Representatives Sandy Levin and Rob Portman, and others to create this important program to fund coalitions of citizens--parents, youth, businesses, media, law enforcement, religious organizations, civic groups, doctors, nurses, and others--working to reduce youth substance abuse.  Community coalitions across the country--including two in my home State of Delaware--are galvanizing tremendous support for prevention efforts. They are helping fellow citizens make a difference in their communities. And they are helping all sectors of the community send a consistent message about alcohol, drugs, and tobacco.  I have been fighting for this type of anti-drug program for local communities for over a decade because I believe that prevention is a critical--but too often overlooked--part of an effective drug strategy.  Substance abuse is one of our Nation's most pervasive problems. Addiction is a disease that does not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, socioeconomic status, race or creed. And while we tend to stereotype drug abuse as an urban problem, the steadily growing number of heroin and methamphetamine addicts in rural villages and suburban towns shows that is simply not the case.  We have nearly 15 million drug users in this country, 4 million of whom are hard-core addicts. We all know someone--a family member, neighbor, colleague or friend--who has become addicted to drugs or alcohol. And we are all affected by the undeniable correlation between substance abuse and crime--an overwhelming 80 percent of the 2 million men and women behind bars today have a history of drug and alcohol abuse or addiction or were arrested for a drug-related crime.  All of this comes at a hefty price. Drug abuse and addiction cost this Nation $110 billion in law enforcement and other criminal justice expenses, medical bills, lost earnings and other costs each year. Illegal drugs are responsible for thousands of deaths each year and for the spread of a number of communicable diseases, including AIDS and Hepatitis C. And a study by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University (CASA) shows that 7 out of 10 cases of child abuse and neglect are caused or exacerbated by substance abuse and addiction.  Another CASA study recently revealed that for each dollar that States spend on substance-abuse related programs, 96 cents goes to dealing with the consequences of substance abuse and only 4 cents to preventing and treating it. Investing more in prevention and treatment is cost-effective because it will decrease much of the street crime, child abuse, domestic violence, and other social ills that can result from substance abuse.  If we can get kids through age 21 without smoking, abusing alcohol, or using drugs, they are unlikely to have a substance abuse problem in the future. But there are still those who shrug their shoulders and say ``kids are kids--they are going to experiment.'' Others find the thought of keeping kids drug-free too daunting a task, and they give up too soon.  But the truth is that we are learning more and more about drug prevention as researchers isolate the so-called ``risk'' and ``protective'' factors for drug use. In other words, we now know that if a child has low self-esteem or emotional problems; has a substance abuser for a parent; is a victim of child abuse; or is exposed to pro-drug media messages, that child is at a higher risk of smoking, drinking and using illegal drugs. But the good news is that we are also learning what decreases a child's risk of substance abuse.  The Drug Free Communities program allows coalitions to put prevention research into action in cities and towns nationwide by funding initiatives tailored to a community's individual needs.  In my home State of Delaware, both the New Castle County Community Partnership and the Delaware Prevention Coalition's Southern Partnership are working to prevent youth substance abuse by helping kids do better in school, addressing their behavioral problems, and teaching them the dangers associated with drug, alcohol, and tobacco use. The Delaware coalitions know that teachers who have high expectations of their students and help them develop good social skills also help to prevent substance use. And they know that if kids think that drugs, alcohol, and tobacco are bad for them, they will be less likely to use them.  Other coalitions are working to engage the religious community. In Florida, the Miami Coalition for a Safe and Drug Free Community has developed a substance abuse manual for religious leaders so that they will know how to identify substance abuse and help people who need treatment find it. They are also teaching religious leaders how to incorporate messages about substance abuse into their sermons.  Still other groups are working with the business community. A coalition in Troy, MI, is working with the Chamber of Commerce to form an Employee Assistance Program for a consortium of small businesses who could not otherwise afford to have one.  These are just a few examples of the efforts that are making a difference and just a few of the reasons why I am proud to support community coalitions.  Drug abuse plagues the entire community. We all feel the consequences--crime, homelessness, domestic violence, child abuse, despair--and we all need to do something about it. Prevention messages must come from all sectors of the community, from a number of different voices. Coalitions bring those groups together, give them information they need, help develop programs that work, and nurture them to success.  I believe that the Drug Free Communities program is a powerful prevention initiative and I urge my colleagues to support its reauthorization.  I ask unanimous consent that the full text of the bill be printed in the Record.  