 President, I rise to voice my strong support for the Material Protection, Control, and Accounting, or MPC, program managed by the Department of Energy to better secure and protect nuclear weapons and materials in the former Soviet Union. I want to strongly urge the House-Senate conference committee for this bill to increase the funding for this important initiative. I call upon the Senate conferees to join with our House colleagues in supporting a $190 million funding level for fiscal year 2002.  The MPC program is often referred to as the first line of defense in safeguarding Russian nuclear materials against potential diversion or theft. From the mundane, such as installing barbed wire fences around sites, to more sophisticated measures like implementing computerized material accounting systems to keep track of nuclear materials, the MPC program helps ensure that rogue regimes and terrorist groups do not have access to the most dangerous byproducts of the cold war.  Let me make clear that this program has been considered an enormous success. Various studies and reports have confirmed the cost effectiveness of this program. Simply put, it benefits both Russia and the United States, as well as all the other former members of the Soviet Union.  But our current efforts may not be enough. A high-level bipartisan level headed by former Majority Leader Howard Baker and Lloyd Cutler declared earlier this year:       While the security of hundreds of tons of Russian material      has been improved under the MPC Program, comprehensive      security upgrades have covered only a modest fraction of the      weapons-usable material. There is no program yet in place to      provide incentives, resources, and organizational arrangement      for Russia to sustain high levels of security.  The Baker-Cutler panel goes on to recommend $5 billion in improvements and upgrades to the MPC program over the next 8 to 10 years to accomplish these objectives.  That may be too ambitious an objective given our current budget environment. At the very least, the Baker-Cutler report points to the need to build upon, not cut back, existing funding for the MPC program. In testimony before the Foreign Relations Committee in March, Senator, and now Ambassador, Baker offered a personal concern:       I am a little short of terrified at some of the storage      facilities for nuclear material and nuclear weapons; and      relatively small investments can yield enormous improvements      in storage and security. So, from my standpoint, that is my      first priority.  I share his well-grounded fear, and I hope my colleagues in both houses will recognize the vital benefits that the MPC program contributes to our national security.  