 President, I am pleased that the Senate is considering this legislation, which was reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations earlier today. The bill addresses an urgent priority in the fight against terrorism by clearing the way for U.S. assistance to Pakistan. After the attacks of September 11, we asked the world to choose sides. Pakistan has chosen to stand with the United States.  We need to assist this important front-line state. The President has already done so by committing $100 million in economic assistance to Pakistan under the extraordinary authority of Section 614 of the Foreign Assistance Act. But to provide additional assistance requires Congress to amend several laws restricting such assistance. The bill before the Senate therefore provides the following authority.  First, the bill waives, for Fiscal Year 2002, the restriction in law against assistance to countries where a democratic government has been overthrown by military coup. The President may waive the restriction in Fiscal Year 2003, but only if he determines that doing so would facilitate the transition to democratic rule in Pakistan and if it is important to the fight against terrorism. As we all know, there was a military coup in Pakistan in 1999. The current government has pledged to hold elections next fall. This provision keeps the focus on the U.S. policy objective that elections should be held in Pakistan.  Second, the bill permits an expeditious waiver of sanctions imposed last fall against the Pakistani Ministry of Defense for violations of the Missile Technology Control Regime. Current law permits the President to waive these sanctions if it is essential to the national security. But he is required to notify Congress 45 working days before doing so. The bill allows the President to exercise the waiver without waiting those nine weeks.  Third, the bill waives provisions of law which restrict assistance to nations in arrears on their payments of official debt to the United States. The United States just rescheduled some of Pakistan's debt, but that rescheduling does not take effect for several weeks, so this provision allows assistance to flow to Pakistan in the meantime.  Finally, the bill provides additional flexibility in providing emergency military assistance to any country assisting us in the campaign against terrorism by reducing, but not eliminating, the notification periods for these authorities for two years.  The bill makes no other changes to current law. Rather than provide broad waiver authority to override the significant structure of laws we have enacted in recent decades, as the State Department asked, we have narrowly tailored the legislation to address the specific provisions of law that were obstacles to helping Pakistan. In so doing, we are not foregoing any of the important policy objectives we have in Pakistan, particularly our non-proliferation objectives.  I should emphasize that this provision has broad support. It was negotiated on a bipartisan basis within the Committee on Foreign Relations, and with the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, Senator Leahy and Senator McConnell. Because of the urgency of trying to get this legislation to the President, we have agreed to ``double-track'' the bill. We will move it free-standing today, and the Appropriations Committee will incorporate it into the foreign operations appropriations bill when that is considered in the Senate.  Mr. President, as we have since September 11, we stand united in support of the President. We stand ready to assist the Administration in the campaign against terrorism. I hope my colleagues will support this legislation.  