 President, I compliment the chairman and ranking member of the Commerce Committee for work on airline safety. I know my friend from South Carolina feels strongly about port safety and rail safety as well.  However, I say to my colleague, who happens to be presiding today and was a former board member of Amtrak, I am, as the saying goes, tired of getting stiffed around here. I have been a Senator for 28\1/2\ years. I have tried over that 28\1/2\ years to put Amtrak in a position where it can run safely, securely, and efficiently. I have gotten promise after promise after promise of support and cooperation, and always procedurally I end up being in a position where Amtrak gets left out.  Let's talk about security for a moment. The Senator from Delaware and I don't have a major airport; we have a large airport but no major commercial airport in our State. We fly commercially in and out of Philadelphia or Baltimore, sometimes. We know how important air safety is. We know how important to our economy it is. I note, by the way, with all the difficulty, understandably, of the airlines--there is apprehension on behalf of the American people to get on an airplane, with the necessary cancellations of flights because they don't have enough people flying--there has been standing room only on Amtrak trains, we are putting more and more trains in the northeast corridor, and there is standing room only on most of them.  I ask my friends, parenthetically, what would have happened to our economic system if, in fact, we had had no rail passenger service since September 11? You think you have a problem now? You ``ain't'' seen nothing yet.  I, along with my colleague from Delaware, and others, went to Amtrak and asked: Have you reviewed your safety needs? They said: Yes, we have. I said: Put together a package for us that lays out in some detail the concerns you have relative to safety, security, and terrorism.  I note parenthetically, I served on the Intelligence Committee for 10 years. I have been chairman of the Judiciary Committee for the better part of a decade. I have been on a terrorism committee or subcommittee since I arrived in the Senate in the 1970s. I will say something presumptuous: No one here knows more about terrorism than I do. I don't know it all, but I have worked my entire career trying to understand the dilemma. I now chair the Foreign Relations Committee. I made a speech literally the day before this happened at the National Press Club, saying our greatest priority was dealing with terrorism, and laid out in detail what might happen. I am not the only one.  I will make an outrageous statement: My bona fides in knowing as much about what terrorists are doing, are likely to do, and being informed are equal to anyone's on this floor, or who has ever served in the Senate, or who is now serving. I may not know more, but I don't know anybody who knows more than I do. I am saying what will happen next is not going to be another airliner into a building. It will be an Amtrak train. It will be in the Baltimore Tunnel which was built before the Civil War.  Do you realize--my colleague knows this--if you have a Metroliner and an ``Am fleet'' in that tunnel at one time, you have more people in there than in five packed 747s? Guess what. There is no ventilation in there. None. There is no lighting. There are no fire hoses. I can go on and on and on. In New York City, the Amtrak Penn Station, do you know how many people go through those tunnels, which also have no ventilation, that are underground, and have little or no security? Three hundred and fifty thousand people a day--three hundred and fifty thousand people a day.  As one of my colleagues said in an earlier meeting I had downstairs with those concerned about Amtrak, not the least of whom is my colleague presiding--he said what we are doing on airport security and airline security is acting after the horse is out of the barn. We are. And we have to. And we should. And I will. But God forbid the horse gets out of another barn.  We have a chance now--now, not after there is some catastrophe on our passenger rail system--to do something. I remind my colleagues, the First Street tunnel in D.C. runs under the Supreme Court of the United States and runs under the Rayburn Building. It was built in 1910. There is only one way out: Walk out. No ventilation. Not sufficient lighting, signals, security.  I said in that Press Club speech the day before the airline crashed into the trade towers and brought them down, it is much more likely someone will walk into a subway with a vial of sarin gas than someone sending an ICBM our way. I will repeat that: It is much more likely. Do you think these guys are stupid? Obviously, they are not stupid. They figured out if they added enough jet fuel to two of the most magnificent buildings man ever created, they could create enough heat to melt the beams and crush the building. Do you think these same folks have not sat down and figured out our vulnerabilities?  Everybody is worried about our water system, a legitimate thing to worry about. We can monitor the water system before it gets to your tap. What do you monitor in tunnels, 6 of them, that have 350,000 people a day going through them, in little cars, with no way to get out, underground?  My heart bleeds for my friends who tell me to be concerned about their airports. I am concerned about them. When are people going to be concerned? We have 500 people, as my colleagues knows, on an Am-fleet train. I think that is about two 757s. I don't know that for a fact. That is one train.  A lot of our colleagues rode up to New York City on Amtrak, because they couldn't fly, to observe the devastation. I hope they observed, while sitting in the tunnel, that in one case, over 141 years old, there was more than one train in that tunnel. Two of these tunnels run under the Baltimore harbor.  So last night our staffs got together. By the way, all those concerned about Amtrak safety are equally concerned about airline safety, and, I might add, port safety. Do you know how many cargo containers come into the port of Philadelphia or even the little port of Wilmington? Probably the only man who knows that is my colleague presiding, the former Governor.  My Lord. So we sat down last night. We thought we had a reasonable discussion, all those parties interested. We got a commitment. OK, we will bring up port safety and Amtrak safety measures and we will guarantee, to use the Senate jargon, a vehicle. In other words, we will vote for it on something we know is not going to get killed, like they kill everything else that has to do with Amtrak.  So I said OK, I will not introduce this amendment on the airline bill. I will not do it.  By the way, I want to make it clear I got full support from the chairman of the committee. He supports our effort.  So I came in this morning, about to go out, take my committee down to meet with the Secretary of State for a 2-hour lunch to go over these terrorist issues--not about Amtrak but about Afghanistan and the surrounding area--and as I am leaving I find out through my staff member who handles this issue: Guess what. We really have no deal.  So I call the leadership. The leadership says: Joe, we can't guarantee you can get this up.  Now I gather up the Members of the Senate who have a great concern about the safety issues relating to Amtrak and some say: Joe, will you dare hold up the airline bill? Would you dare do that?  My response is: Would they dare not to take on our amendment? Would they dare not take on our amendment, after being told--which I will be telling my colleagues about for the next several hours, although I am not going to speak that long now, I say to my friend from Missouri, so he can speak--would they dare take the chance of not helping us? Will they dare? Will my colleagues dare to take the chance that they are going to let another horse out of the barn this time? Will they dare?  This is serious business. This is business as serious as I have ever been engaged in as a U.S. Senator. If I act as if I am angry, it is because I am. Not only angry, I am really disappointed. I would have thought in this moment when we are embracing each other in the sense that we are helping each of our regions deal with their serious problems--I was so, so, so overjoyed; having been here for the bailout of New York City in the 1970s, I was so gratified to see my friends from the South and the Midwest and the Northwest come to New York's aid instantaneously. I said, my God, this is really a change. It is really a change in attitude because America has been struck.  We come to the floor with an amendment that does two things: One, provides for more police, more lighting, more fencing, more cameras, et cetera, and provides for us to take equipment out of storage and refurbish it so we can handle all those passengers who are not flying, and what is the response? Either ``No'' or ``Another day, Senator.'' I have had it up to here with another day.  As I said, and I will have a lot more to say about this in the next couple of days, there are six tunnels in New York, 350,000 people per day locked inside a steel case called a car, going through those tunnels. Those tunnels have insufficient lighting. They were built decades ago. They do not have the proper signaling for emergencies. They do not have the proper ventilation. They do not have the proper safety in terms of guards.  You are talking about air marshals on an airplane with as few as 50 people on it. I am for that. And you are telling me you are not going to give me the equivalent of an air marshal at either end of a tunnel that has 350,000 people a day go through it? Where is your shame?  The Baltimore tunnel was built in 1870, just after--I said ``before'' and I misspoke--just after the Civil War. By the way, you would not be able to build these tunnels today. I want to make sure that is clear to everybody. Under EPA construction standards, you could not build these tunnels. They would not allow it to be done just for normal safety reasons.  I have been crying about this for the last 15 years, about just normal safety problems--not terrorists, just a fire in the tunnel as you had in Baltimore.  All of you who live, love, and work in Washington, there is a tunnel that Amtrak trains, MARC trains and other trains come through in DC. It is called the First Street tunnel in DC. It was built in 1910. All you need is one Amfleet train in there and one Metroliner in there--and there are more than two at a time--and you have over 800 people locked in a steel canister in a tunnel that was built in 1910, that sits directly underneath the Supreme Court of the United States of America and the Rayburn Building.  I am not suggesting I know his position, but I suspect his reaction if I told my friend from Missouri, St. Louis: Guess what. I am not going to spend Delaware money making sure there are guards or added security at the St. Louis Airport. I am not going to do it. You are on your own, Sucker. I am not going to do that. I am not going to beef up security.  We can get on an Amtrak train with a bomb. No one checks. There are no detectors to go through to get on a train. There are no security measures. We do not even have enough Amtrak police for the cars.  If I said to my friends in St. Louis and Philadelphia and Seattle and Atlanta and Miami--we use the same standard for the airlines. Under ordinary circumstances, you might be able to say to me: Joe, it is too expensive. You just have to take your chances.  We have the Attorney General saying to people that there is more to come. How many of my colleagues out here have said: ``It is not only if but when the next biological or chemical attack takes place''?  If you are going to have a biological or chemical attack, in case you haven't figured it out, the more confined the space, the more devastating the damage.  Like I said, I will come back to speak to this. What we are asking for is lighting, fencing, access controls for tunnels, bridges and other facilities, satellite communications on trains, remote engine turnoff, and hiring of police and security officers. That adds up to $515 million, and it doesn't even do it all. Tunnel safety, rehabilitating existing tunnels in Baltimore and Washington and completing the entire life safety system of New York tunnels, that is $998 million.  The total security all by itself is $1.513 billion. That does not deal with the capacity on bridges and tracks to account for the 20 percent increase in ridership because the airlines aren't moving, or the equipment capacity to be able to carry these people safely--just the safety of the cars themselves.  I tell you what. We all stood up here and we bailed out the airlines and their executives the other day to the tune of--I forget the number--$15 billion, and we did it in a heartbeat or, as they say, in a New York minute. And we cannot even now come along and deal in this bill with the workers of the airlines. But that is another fight.  Here we are with this simple, straightforward request. This isn't a 1-year undertaking. This is a permanent investment.  Unless all of you are so sure that there is no more terrorist activity underway, unless all of you are so sure that in case it is--by the way, we carry in the Northeast more passengers than every single plane that lands on the east coast in a day. Have you got that? This is not fair. This is not smart. It is not right to block our ability to have a guarantee that the Nation and the Congress speak on this issue.  As I said, it is a little like preaching to the choir. I know my colleague from Delaware, as the old saying goes, has forgotten more about the details of Amtrak, having been a board member, than even I know, having used it for 28 years. But I sincerely hope there is a change of heart. I don't want to slow up the passing of the airplane safety bill. I just want the people of my State to know that the people of my region are going to be treated as fairly as everybody else. Give them a basic shot at security--just a basic shot at security.  I yield the floor.  