 President, I would be happy to yield, if he wants.  I find this the single most fascinating debate I have been involved in in 28 years. I sincerely do. It is not a joke. I am not being facetious. I find this absolutely fascinating.  This isn't just about choices. This is about values. My friend from Arizona says ``morality.'' Give me a break. Morality? This is about values. This is about what you value. Is it of a higher value to you to make sure that the fewer than one-tenth of 1 percent of the people in America, numbering literally in the thousands, who will have to pay an estate tax over $3 million--the first 3, no tax--will have their rate dropped from 55 to 53 instead of 55 to 50--is that of greater value and moral content than paying for tens of thousands of Americans, sitting in this gallery, listening to this debate, being able to send their kid to school?  Talk about morals. Talk about morality. Talk about values. You have just summarized the fundamental difference between that side and this side. This is about values. I have never had it so starkly and honestly stated on this floor. This is about values: What do we value as Americans? Given the fact we just received a beautiful speech from both the managers of the bill about how we can't do everything; it has to be done gradually, my Lord, values, values, values, values.  I will tell you what my values are. My values come from the middle-class family in which I was raised. There are three things a parent can give a child: They can give them faith, they can give the child an education, and they can give the child character. We want to talk about values. Is it better that I see to it that if I am lucky enough to have a $4 million estate left, that on $1 million of that, I leave to my heirs several thousands dollars less than they would otherwise get because they won the genetic pool or that somebody in the State of Nevada, or in Delaware, or New York is busting their neck working two jobs, both parents trying to send their kids to school and can't get them to college.  Tell me about values. Where I come from, that is an easy call. That is not even close. It would be viewed by most where I come from as immoral to give the kid who won the genetic pool $3,000 more than the million they already get and to allow the person who is working two or three jobs in one family to not be able to send their kid to school.  I am glad my friend raised it in moral terms. I didn't quite think of it that way before.  Look, let's talk about the morality of what we are considering here--whether it is immoral to charge someone over 50 percent after they are dead so their heirs will receive $10,920,000 instead of $14,110,000, or whatever the numbers would come out to.  Everybody in this Chamber acknowledges what my friend from New York has been saying. College tuition is skyrocketing beyond the means of most of us. When we talk about the minimum wage and say that kids should work their way through college--I worked; they flirted with me about football scholarships, a grant in aid, and I got a job making a dollar an hour. Guess what. The tuition for the whole year was $800. A dollar an hour helped. It is true. The staff looks at me as if I am a fossil. We are paying now $5, $5.50. We can raise the minimum wage to $6. Tell me how many hours you would have to work to pay at a State university such as mine, where room and board and tuition is somewhere around $17,000.  At the University of Iowa, it is $10,000 or more. Tell me how many hours you would work for that. Tell me how you can work your way through school today. You just work your way through school. How many families do you men and women know--maybe I lived in a different neighborhood, came from a different place--who both work and some have two jobs? How many do youknow? I know lots of such people. Lots of people. Talk about values. Look, everything is relevant. The question here is, What do you value the most?  I would like to point out another thing, without going into all the statistics. There are a couple of points I want to make to you. By the time this kicks in--the Schumer-Biden amendment--it makes $3,000 of college tuition and fees tax deductible.  Let's talk about what this giant tax bill is going to do for middle-class families, OK. When all is said and done, if we don't put anything in here at all, nothing at all about tuition--let's talk about what helps the people making up to $120,000 in joint income--you are going to get $1,400 back when it kicks back. OK, that is great. I am all for that. Guess how much you get back by the time ours kicks in for your tuition. It is $3,306. Our tuition tax proposal is bigger than the whole tax cut you get. Come on.  We all stand here and say, because most of us come from middle-class roots, middle-class backgrounds, we care about the middle class. No matter how you cut this, in terms of raw dollars, in terms of what you value, in terms of education, this is a bigger bump for the average middle-class family with a kid in school or somebody trying to put themselves through school than the entire tax break you get.  I don't know where you guys live. I don't know where you live. Quite frankly, I thought it was brilliant of my friend from New York. He and I have been doing this for over 2 years in our different capacities. He said, OK, we have to find an offset because of the stupid process we have. He put in the least innocuous offset you could find. If this would offend you, my Lord--this goes to permanent 11 years out. We are slowing up 3 percent to give tens of thousands of Americans a chance to send their kids to school.  This is not the place I joined 28 years ago. Do we have our values upside down? Do we have our priorities backwards? It is similar to my saying, you know, the guy who lives in that $4 million estate down there, because the county has raised the sewer fees and because he has seven bathrooms, he is going to end up paying $120 a year more, so we should give him relief. The guy living in the place where he has a two-bedroom bungalow, trying to figure out how to pay the electric costs and the heat because of the energy prices going up, we will rip our hair out to decide whether or not, my God, do we continue this relief we have for people----  