 President, Americans deserve a tax cut. They deserve a large tax cut. And in this time of budget surpluses, we can afford hundreds of billions of dollars of tax relief.  But Americans deserve other things at least as much. They deserve honesty in budgeting. They deserve a government that will face up to the fundamental choices that have to be made in writing a ten-year budget plan.  Americans deserve a strong national defense, safe streets, effective schools, world-class health care, clean air and water, a safe and efficient transportation system.  I must vote against this tax bill because it does not honestly face the serious choices that still confront us in this era of surpluses, because it sacrifices virtually all other priorities--and some of our fundamental values--to the single-minded pursuit of cutting taxes.  Despite what some would have us believe, we cannot afford to do everything for everybody all at the same time. We cannot cut taxes by nearly 2 trillion dollars in the next ten years--a number that actually doubles in the following decade--and continue to provide the fundamental governmental functions that Americans need and deserve.  If we are honest about the real costs of this tax cut, Mr. President, we would admit that on top of the $1.35 trillion sticker cost, we have to add $300 billion in additional interest payments that come from not paying down the national debt.  If we admit that we will have to reform the Alternative Minimum Tax that will soon hit millions of Americans, we have to add another $300 billion to its cost. Because history shows that we will extend the Research and Development tax credit and other popular and useful breaks that we have always supported in the past, we can add another $100 billion to the size of the tax cut.  Those calculations put the full cost of the tax cut and the real, foreseeable, inevitable tax issues that will face us in the next decade at over $2 trillion.  Two trillion--again, a number that will at least double in the ten years after the coming decade.  But we are told that there is a surplus that will cover the costs of this and all of the other things we will want and need. Money in the bank. Not to worry.  There is an old saying to the effect that something that sounds too good to be true, probably is too good to be true. This big tax cut certainly sounds good. It certainly would be appealing to go along and vote for it.  But that would not be honest because the numbers that we have in front of us right now tell us that we simply can't afford it.  The surpluses available to us in the next decade, if we agree not to spend money from the Social Security and Medicare Trust Funds, is supposed to be about $2.5 trillion. That sounds like a lot of money, and it would be, if it were real.  But it is not real for two reasons.  First, it is based on some assumptions we all know are just not true. If we can, let's just leave aside for a moment how well we can project the future of this economy--that problem alone has proved every other long-term surplus projection we have ever made wrong by hundreds of billions of dollars.  But even if we could know for sure that the economy will continue to grow at the high rates of investment and productivity we need to match the forecasts behind those projections--which we don't--those projections simply ignore some basic facts.  Only if we ignore those facts can we believe that the tax cuts in this bill make sense.  Here are some of the facts that make those surplus forecasts more likely wrong than right. They assume we will have no wars, no hurricanes, no floods, no earthquakes--no national security emergencies or natural disasters that would subtract billions of dollars from the projected surpluses.  The second reason the projections have to be wrong is that they assume we will cut the size of government in our country by 25 percent over the next ten years. As a share of the economy, our federal government is already the lowest it has been since 1960. There are plenty of reasons to believe that we will not be able to cut it by another 25 percent.  Our surplus projections do not account for increases in our population or increases in the cost of living over the next decade--incredible as it may sound, they do not. If we put those two basic budgeting concepts back into our assumptions, that subtracts as much as $640 billion from the surpluses.  Subtract that $640 billion from the $2.5 trillion estimated surplus, the tax cut is greater than the surplus remaining. Basic honesty in budgeting shows that we cannot afford a tax cut this big.  And the surplus projections ignore new spending priorities that everyone wants to address, on top of just keeping up with current levels.  The Administration has called for both a radical overhaul of our national defenses, and a new anti-ballistic missile program. We have no clear idea what those programs might cost, but I have added up just the six best known weapons modernization programs, and they add up to over $380 billion.  The new defense plan could add perhaps $250 billion, and a full-blown missile defense plan that covered every option the President has expressed an interest in covering could be another $100 billion. So prudence suggests we should show some of those costs in the budgets for the next ten years.  But we don't. That is hundreds of billions of dollars that will have to come out of the supposed surpluses, but we have no place for them in our discussions of this tax bill or in our budget calculations.  The President says that he wants to spend more for education, even though his budget includes no new spending for it. So far here in the Senate, we have passed $150 billion in new education spending, on a priority that all Americans share.  With just the spending that we know about in defense and education, virtually all of the non-Social Security, non-Medicare surplus is gone--and then some--with nothing left for improvements to our aging roads, bridges, sewers, dams, or docks.  No money for additional air traffic controllers or airports, no money to break the gridlock on our highways with a national high-speed passenger rail system.  No money for new policemen on the beat, for after-school programs to prevent juvenile crime, no money for drug interdiction or drug treatment programs.  With the huge additional burdens on Social Security and Medicare coming in the years just beyond the decade covered by this tax plan, there is no money left for the fundamental reforms of those programs. If we follow the Administration's approach to Social Security reform, we will need an additional trillion dollars. But there will be no money left.  Why are we left with so little for so many of our fundamental needs? Why, when we have finally brought our budgets into balance after years of deficits, can we not afford to pay for these essential priorities that we all agree deserve our support?  Because this tax cut was not designed as part of a comprehensive budget plan. If it becomes law for the next decade, it will be the only real priority in our budget. Every other priority, from defense to education--and even, I am afraid, balanced budgets--will be only an afterthought.  That is why I will vote against this tax bill. It costs too much; it depends too much on wishful thinking; it ignores realities that are staring us in the face over the next ten years.  We tried to amend this bill to fix the problems I have discussed. Senator McCain offered an amendment to scale back the size of the tax cut to make room in our budget for the projected increases in defense spending. That prudent statement of our national priorities was voted down.  Senator Harkin offered an amendment to simply hold off on a piece of the tax cut until we could certify that we can meet the long-term obligations of Social Security and Medicare. Once we could make that certification, every bit of the tax cut would go forward. That basic commitment to the promises we have made was voted down.  I offered an amendment to scale back the size of the tax cut to make room for a tuition tax deduction to help pay for college. That important priority of middle-class families was voted down.  Senator Rockefeller offered an amendment to make sure we can afford to provide a prescription drug benefit for seniors before we cut taxes. It would not prevent a cent of the tax cut from going out--as long as we could pay for a prescription drug benefit. That bipartisan priority, shared by the President, was voted down.  Senator Feingold offered an amendment to scale back the size of the tax cut so that surviving spouses will not have to give up their earthly possessions to pay for nursing home care received by deceased Medicaid patients. That small gesture toward fairness was voted down.  In every case the tax cut came first; every other priority--every other value--was left behind.  We can afford major tax relief for all Americans. And we can afford to provide the national security, the world-class education, the health care and the other priorities Americans have a right to expect. We can even afford a little fairness in the distribution of the many blessings we enjoy. We can afford to act on our values.  But not if we pass this tax bill.  We are indeed a blessed nation, at an historic peak in our prosperity and in our influence in the world. We have the resources to prudently manage the challenges and opportunities before us. But we are not immune to the basic laws of budgeting--we have to make choices.  This tax cut, by its sheer size--a size selected without consideration of any other priority--refuses to face honestly those fundamental choices. It refuses to recognize any other values.  I cannot support it.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I commend Senator Grassley and Senator Baucus for their dedication and hard work in completing this Reconciliation bill.  During the debate on the tax reconciliation bill, I have had serious reservations about some of the priorities contained in this bill.  First, after years of neglect, our military forces need to be significantly strengthened and it won't be cheap. But in the wake of large tax cuts, non-defense spending initiatives, and uncertain surplus projections, we cannot be sure how much money will remain to fund such defense priorities as National Missile Defense, force modernization, spare parts, flight hours, overdue facility maintenance, training programs, and the care of our service members. As of yet, we have not received from the Administration a request for defense spending increases. I hope their request, when it comes, is adequate to meet the needs of our national security, which, as I observed, are many and serious. If that request is not adequate to our needs, I will fight as hard as I can to increase it.  With the adoption of the Reconciliation bill both the Administration and Congress are going to have to make some very hard choices to find the resources to fund our national defense priorities. There's no way around it. We cannot take money from the Social Security and Medicare Trust Funds, so that means we will have to cut other spending programs or adjust the tax cuts to support our military forces. Those are very hard choices, indeed, and we don't like to make hard choices in Congress very often.  But, Mr. President, we are going to have to make them because our first duty, is and always will be the nation's security, and the defense of American interests and values in the world. And those members who believe we have been derelict in our duty lately, will have to take our case to the public, inform them of the hard choices before us and urge them to urge us to do the right and necessary thing, even if it requires us to take on a few sacred cows around here.  Mr. President, while I hoped for even more tax relief to middle income Americans, I do want to commend Senate Grassley for moving in that direction by insisting that the top rate should be cut to only 36 percent. I wish we could have made even greater progress by increasing the 15 percent bracket to include more middle class taxpayers. But the Senate has decided otherwise, and, recognizing what progress has been made by Senator Grassley, I will not register my disappointment by voting against the bill. Neither do I wish to vote against the President's first, important success in the Senate. But I do want to make clear my firm opposition to any increases in benefits to the top tax rate payers at the expense of the majority of Americans who are in much greater need of tax relief. Should further reductions in the top tax rates be made in conference, I will vote against the conference report without hesitation.  