 President, I am proud to cosponsor S. Con. Res. 6. This concurrent resolution sends a message of sympathy and support to the people of India, who have been struck by one of the worst natural disasters to afflict their nation in the half-century since Independence.  The earthquake which devastated the Western Indian state of Gujarat killed untold thousands. The magnitude of this tragedy is demonstrated by the fact that 30,000 dead is now referred to as an optimistic estimate. Other sources, such as the Indian Minister of Defense, have suggested a worst-case scenario of 100,000 dead.  As President Bush noted, a disaster such as this knows no national boundaries. The victims have been the people of India, but the burden of humanitarian relief rests on the shoulders of the entire world community.  I congratulate the relief workers, from many nations, who have stepped up to the challenge. The most important work, of course, has been done by the Indians themselves tens of thousands of military and civilian personnel who have labored tirelessly to help save the lives of those trapped in the wreckage.  Working alongside them have been search and rescue teams from Britain, Switzerland, Germany, Russia and Turkey. They helped locate victims with state-of-the-art thermal sensors, and with specially-trained canine units.  Following closely after the search and rescue teams have been medical units from France, Japan, Israel, Denmark and NGOs like the International Federation of the Red Cross and Doctors without Borders. These nations and groups have set up field hospitals and shipped in medical supplies to tend to the needs of tens of thousands of wounded.  Many other countries have offered cash donations, food, tents, blankets, or other humanitarian assistance. Of these donor countries I would like to single out Pakistan for particular commendation: in light of recent tensions, and of Pakistan's own losses in the earthquake--at least a dozen dead, with a full reckoning not yet made--the shipment of relief supplies was an important gesture of peace.  The United States, for logistical reasons, has concentrated its efforts on providing potable water, shelter, and food to those rendered homeless by the quake. USAID has already made several airlifts of vital material, and more aid is in the pipeline.  When a disaster occurs at such a great geographical remove, US assets might not always be the first to arrive on the spot. But once the US gears up for a challenge, it is equal to any task. The job of the world community now is to make sure that the earthquake does not claim more victims after the last tremors have ceased.  The basic human-needs infrastructure of Gujarat has, in many areas, been entirely wiped out: hundreds of thousands of people will be effected, to one degree or another. In a situation like this, diseases like cholera or dysentery--easily preventable, with proper medical and nutritional facilities--can spread like wildfire. Simply insuring that the dispossessed people have access to food, shelter, and clean water can save countless lives.  We Americans are a compassionate people. But from the stark figures of relief provided and pledged, the extent of our compassion may not be clear. In the crucial first days following the disaster--when a dozen other countries were actively engaged in rescue and medical support--our financial pledge was one-third that of Great Britain, a million dollars lower than that of Germany, and a sum less than than the combined pledges of Holland and Italy.  Our contribution has since risen, and I am told that it will continue to rise in the days and weeks to come. I certainly hope that it does. And when the time comes to fund the reconstruction of Western India's basic infrastructure a task that will require more than $1 billion in loans from international financial organizations I hope that we will demonstrate the full extent of our country's compassionate nature.  Today, as India works to save the lives of its citizens and mourns the lives of those who could not be saved, our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Gujarat. I hope that the United States will accelerate its efforts to put these thoughts and prayers into generous, concrete action.  