 President, I rise to oppose the nomination of John Bolton to be Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security. I do so for several reasons. I say at the outset--and I have said to my friend and colleague, Senator Helms, the chairman of the committee--that my opposition to John Bolton is not based on a personal concern about John Bolton's overall qualifications. He is an intelligent, bright, decent, and honest man. Notwithstanding an editorial in one of the major newspapers in this country, there is nothing inconsistent about that in my opposing the nomination of him relating to this specific position.  I want my colleague from North Carolina to know that my opposition is based--and which he will soon hear, and he knows because we have talked about it--on Mr. Bolton's views on arms control primarily. This is a decent and an honorable man, but I think he is the wrong man for this job.  I add at the outset, I think his views on some of the major issues in the area of foreign policy are at odds with the stated views of the Secretary of State, although I am certain the Secretary of State supports Mr. Bolton. I am not implying that there is opposition within the State Department to Mr. Bolton.  Let me give you the reasons, as briefly as I can, that I am concerned about Mr. Bolton's views on arms control.  He comes to the Senate with an extensive record of Government service but a very limited record in arms control and nonproliferation matters, which, as the Presiding Officer knows, is an extremely complicated area--extremely complicated area.  What we do know about Mr. Bolton's views on arms control and nonproliferation matters suggests an individual who questions the relevance of arms control agreements.  My friend from North Carolina, the chairman of the committee, questions the relevance of the arms control agreements, and I find him to be an extremely qualified Senator. We just disagree on the issue. I would vote for him for just about anything. I would probably vote for him even for this position, but maybe I would not. This is the one position I could consider I would not want him to have in the administration.  In praising the defeat of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty, Mr. Bolton referred to the CTBT, and other unnamed treaties, as ``unenforceable treaties'' which provide ``illusionary protections.'' I realize some hold that view. They are not, however, people I think should be in charge of promoting arms control, disarmament, and nonproliferation matters.  The death of the CTBT, he wrote, is a ``useful opportunity to re-examine in a hard-headed and realistic way how international peace and security are really guaranteed.''  Treaties are not the only means of ensuring arms control reductions, but in the last 50 years treaties and agreements have provided the foundation for advancing U.S. arms control and nonproliferation objectives. From the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty to the START treaties, from the Chemical Weapons Convention to the Biological Weapons Convention, such agreements have been essential in containing the threat of dangerous weapons.  Mr. Bolton has supported some arms control treaties, I might add, including the Chemical Weapons Convention, where he and I were on one side, and the chairman was on the other side. But his sweeping statements deriding the importance of arms control leave me uneasy about his commitment to the task.  My discomfort level is increased by Mr. Bolton's questioning of whether treaties are even binding. He wrote:       [W]hile treaties may well be politically or even morally      binding, they are not legally obligatory. They are just not      ``law'' as we apprehend the term.  Similarly, Mr. Bolton once testified to Congress--recently; as a matter of fact, in the last several years--that treaties are ``political'' and ``not legally binding, to the extent that they purport to affect relations among national governments.''  In response to a written question, he stated the matter a bit differently, saying, ``I believe that treaties bind the United States,'' which I have difficulty, quite frankly, squaring with his previous writings.  If confirmed, Mr. Bolton would supervise some of the most important treaty obligations. I find Mr. Bolton's views on those issues relating to treaty obligations very troubling--very troubling.  I am also concerned about Mr. Bolton's limited experience in arms control. By law, the Under Secretary is the senior assistant to the Secretary of State in matters ``related to international security policy, arms control, and non-proliferation.''  As a matter of fact, in the reorganization effort spurred and led by my friend from North Carolina, the chairman of the committee, we moved this position into the State Department. It used to sit outside the State Department. This was supposed to be--and is supposed to be--the primary person promoting arms control.  I note, parenthetically, I have always had difficulty voting for nominees who hold views that are antithetical to or at odds with the responsibilities they have. I voted against, for example, fine men who were nominated to be Secretary of the Interior during the Reagan administration when they were insufficiently committed to the environment. So I didn't want to be a party to putting someone in a position whose avowed purpose was the President's, which was antithetical to the purpose of the organization.  I am also concerned about his limited experience, as I said. Mr. Bolton does have foreign policy experience, though--I do not think we should underestimate that--at the Agency for International Development and as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organizations. He has held those posts.  In the State Department, he did gain some experience in arms control, working on issues related to the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, but these activities were hardly a major part of his duties.  In the last 8 years, Mr. Bolton has written extensively on foreign policy, but he wrote very little about arms control. That is not a bad thing, but it still leaves us with a person with little experience in the arms control field, to which many of our senior people devote their entire careers.  Chairman Helms has cited a letter from former Directors of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency in support of Mr. Bolton. The signatory of that letter most recently in the arms control job is a man named Ron Lehman. I wish we had someone of Mr. Lehman's experience before us.  I might add, Mr. Bolton is just as bright. This is a fellow who is a Yale undergraduate, went to Yale Law School, and is an extremely bright fellow. But he does not have Mr. Lehman's experience.  When Mr. Lehman was nominated in 1989, he had already held three jobs with firsthand arms control experience before he was nominated. He was Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Policy, where he dealt with U.S. nuclear policy, arms control, space policy, and technology transfer controls. He was the chief U.S. negotiator on strategic nuclear arms; that is, the START talks. And he was the Senior Director at the National Security Council for Defense Programs and Arms Control. This man came with an incredible amount of experience. In short, Mr. Lehman was literally steeped in arms control.  On other foreign policy issues, Mr. Bolton has been outside the mainstream. He has called for diplomatic recognition of Taiwan, a position at odds with three decades of American diplomacy--and contrary to the position of this administration.  Mr. Bolton once wrote that the wars in Kosovo and Chechnya involved ``no tangible national interest.'' In the committee hearing, he changed his tune a bit, saying that there was no vital national interest in the Balkans.  Nonetheless, I am concerned that Mr. Bolton's consistent criticism of the NATO action in Kosovo indicates a lack of commitment to the stability of Southeastern Europe--a position I find unacceptable for the person who would supervise security assistance programs to the region.  I am concerned, finally, about Mr. Bolton's diplomatic temperament for this position, which involves the management of complex negotiations in a wide range of arms control and non-proliferation issues. Stated another way: It takes the patience of Job. I am not sure how good I would be in the position. These are sensitive and difficult negotiations. Mr. Bolton's penchant for inflammatory rhetoric gives me pause about his ability to handle this task.  Following defeat of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, Mr. Bolton heaped scorn on proponents of the Treaty--I don't take that personally--who expressed concerns that its defeat marked an isolationist turn for the United States and might lead to accelerated nuclear proliferation.  He wrote that such fears are ``indications of a profoundly misguided and potentially dangerous philosophy in American foreign policy,'' and said that such analysis is ``timid and neo-pacifist.'' He has a right to say that, but it is not the language of or temperament of people who have been in that position. Well, this senator expressed those fears, as did some of my colleagues.  Mr. Bolton once said that ``Republicans are adults on foreign policy questions, and we define what we're willing to do militarily and politically by what is in the best interests of the United States.'' Is he seriously implying that Democrats are not adults on foreign policy questions and do not worry about the best interests of the United States?  What does that suggest about his ability to work with Democratic Senators?  This kind of inflamed rhetoric is what we might expect on talk radio, but we do not expect to hear it in diplomatic rooms of the Department of State.  I believe Mr. Bolton is a capable person. I respect his intellect and his willingness to serve. But I think he is the wrong person for this job.  The job of Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security is a critical one--its incumbent has the lead responsibility in the State Department on arms control and non-proliferation. I do not believe Mr. Bolton has the vision or the experience necessary for this position.  One final thing that concerns me about Mr. Bolton is his lack of enthusiasm for the proposal put forward by former Senator Baker, the majority leader, Mr. Cutler, a top lawyer in Democratic administrations, a bipartisan group, saying the most dangerous threat we face is loose nukes in the Soviet Union. They predicted that there is an incredibly greater likelihood there would be a nuclear, chemical, or biological weapon used in the United States as a consequence of the inadequacy of the Russian system protecting those systems than there was from anything else that could happen and suggested a robust investment in our policy to deal with nonproliferation issues, particularly as they stem from the disorganization combined with the incredible array of weaponry lying around Russia.  In the questioning, particularly by our colleague from Florida, it became pretty clear that Mr. Bolton does not share that sense of urgency at all. He is in charge of the nonproliferation side, the man who will be advising the Secretary of State.  For all those reasons, I reluctantly cast my vote against Mr. Bolton. As I said, we have been on opposite sides of issues, he and I, for a long time. When I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, he was the main man pushing nominations for the Administration. We were butting heads all the time. I learned to respect his intelligence, I learned to respect his drive, and I learned to respect how tough he was. It is not that I don't know Mr. Bolton. I know him in that capacity. This is a different capacity. It requires a different temperament and a different attitude in order to promote what I believe to be the single most important job for someone carrying this portfolio within the State Department.  I urge my colleagues to vote no, although I must tell the Senate, I have done no whipping. I have not checked in terms of who is where on any of these votes. I want to make it clear why I am voting no on this nomination.  I thank the Chair. I see my friend and chairman is prepared to speak. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ensign). The Senator from North Carolina.  