 President, when I came to the Senate almost 30 years ago, we were just entering what became a generation of Federal deficit spending. We lost the key to balanced budgets, the discipline to match our spending with our income.  The economic impact of those decades of deficits was profound. The accumulating debt grew faster than our economy, and we slipped from our position as the world's leading creditor nation to the world's biggest borrower.  While the Federal Government borrowed money as if nobody else neededit, private borrowers from first-time home buyers to major corporations all paid more for their loans. Our inability to balance our budgets was a dead weight burden on the economy here, and our high interest rates affected international finance as well.  But perhaps the most important cost of those deficits was the loss of faith suffered by Americans in their Government. A lot of factors contributed to that cynicism and skepticism, but I am convinced that the cumulative effect of decades of unbalanced budgets was a major reason Americans for so long held their Government in such low esteem.  Those deficits had another major effect. As we struggled every year to match our spending with our income, the priorities I came to the Senate to fight for, support for those among us who need it most, protection of the environment, quality education for everyone, safe streets and homes, those priorities were the first hit by spending cuts.  And as we cut back on those programs, we cut back on the basic responsibilities of a democratic government. The era of budget deficits was marked by a deficit of democracy itself.  Today, we can congratulate ourselves on not only balancing our budgets, but on producing substantial budget surpluses. On the foundation of an historical economic boom, the longest period of high-productivity growth in our history, we have restored the health of our Federal budgets.  History will judge how we manage this success, what we do with the opportunity before us. Will we build a foundation for future growth, will we pay down the burden of debt that we built up in the generation of deficits, will we continue to meet the demands of our citizens for world class education, health care, and technology, for safe streets, clean air and water? Or will we put all of this at risk, along with the hard-won victory over deficits?  I will vote against the Budget Resolution before us today, because it gives the wrong answer to those questions.  As the distinguished ranking member of the Appropriations Committee reminded us so eloquently last week, Americans rightly expect us to make sure that the basic functions of government are taken care of. When we fail to provide the safe streets, the clean water, the good schools, that the citizens of the world's richest nation have every reason to expect, we have failed to live up to our responsibilities. I am sorry to say that this budget marks such a failure.  Because of the size of the tax cuts, $1.35 billion, and their shape, they increase in cost in future years, this budget puts at risk all we have gained through years of hard work on the budget. And it puts at risk our ability to meet the basic demands our citizens make of us to manage our common affairs effectively and efficiently.  We have real needs in this country, as the distinguished Senator from West Virginia reminded us last week. Almost a third of our bridges are in need of repair, many of our school rooms are crumbling, our water and sewer systems are in disrepair. In the midst of all of the private wealth our economy has created in the last decade, our public investments have failed to keep pace.  This budget fails to provide any new funds for education, for health care, for clean air and water, for police protection, for safer roads and bridges--none. This budget spends less per citizen, after inflation, for all of those priorities.  The President claims, and I believe him, that he wants to spend more on education. I support him in that effort. However, because there is not enough money in this budget to keep present levels of support for any domestic priorities, any increase in education spending will have to come out of police protection, out of drug interdiction, out of health care research.  There is no increase in spending for education, unless you count a vague promise that we would like to spend more. But a budget is not about vague promises. It should tell us the facts about how much we have to spend on our priorities. And the sad fact is that this budget has no new money for education, period.  This budget fails to meet the basic test of facing up to reality, there are more demands on our budget than there are funds to meet them, and this budget gives us no idea of where the cuts will fall to pay for any of the new priorities we face.  When the Senate voted on its version of the budget last month, we called for $225 billion in additional investments in education. That money is gone from the Budget Resolution before us today, gone.  In fact in this resolution, there is actually $5.5 billion less than last year's spending for education, allowing for inflation.  The Federal budget is already smallest it has been since 1960 as a share of our economy. It is simply not realistic to assume that it will continue to shrink, in real terms, not just next year but for the next ten years. But that is just what this budget assumes.  These cuts in domestic priorities will happen even if the economic projections on which this budget is based, ten-year projections that have proved wrong every time in the past, even if those projections turn out to be true. If the economy grows more slowly, if we face natural disasters, national security threats or other inevitable but unpredictable emergencies, there will be even more cuts.  But there are other assumptions built into this budget, assumptions that I believe will be wrong no matter what happens to those economic projections. This budget assumes we will do nothing to protect millions of Americans from increases in the alternative minimum tax, that we will fail to renew popular and important programs such as the research and development tax credit, it assumes that we can undertake a major overhaul of our defense policy with a relatively small increase in spending. But recent statements by Defense Secretary Rumsfeld suggest hundreds of billions of dollars in new spending, that is not in this budget.  If any of those assumptions, or a lot of other similar costly issues that are assumed away in this budget, prove to be wrong, there will be even less money for education, for health care research, for clear air and water, for cops on the beat.  But this budget does not face up to those problems, it assumes them away.  With the underlying health of our economy, with the hard work we put into restoring balance to our budgets, I am convinced we can afford tax cuts, tax cuts that would in any other context sound huge.  Prudent budgeting, that makes full allowance for domestic and defense priorities and that is cautious about ten-year economic forecasts that have huge margins of error, would still leave room for hundreds of billions of dollars in tax cuts.  There is no economic reason behind the tax cut numbers in this resolution. Those numbers date back to the Republican primaries, in 1999, when the economy was booming, the stock market was soaring and unemployment was falling. The Bush campaign picked a tax cut number they thought would help them beat Steve Forbes in the New Hampshire primary.  They certainly were not concerned with formulating a ten-year budget plan during a slack economy. But those are the numbers we are told are still basically right for today.  If we go into this thinking that we can afford a tax cut of this size, and a defense build-up many times greater than this budget allows for, with promises to increase spending on education, expectations that health care spending will go up, some kind of plan to shore up Social Security and Medicare with funds from outside those systems, I think we can all see where we are headed.  One of the first things to go will the surpluses that we ought to use to pay down the debt, the burden that raises interest payments today and that our children and grandchildren will have to pay off. For all the talk about the surpluses belonging to the American people, we have to remember that the national debt belongs to them, too.  Playing fast and loose with the assumptions in the budget could leave us with a bigger debt, and higher continuing interest payments on the debt burden, than we would have if we stayed on the course that restored balance to our budgets.  We have come too far to go that way again.  This budget does not build on the successes of the last decade; it threatens to return us to the time when we failed to make the hard choices that Americans expect us to make. I will vote against this budget resolution, and I hope my colleagues will join me.  