  I would like to make three points, and I will try to make them quickly.  One, the point of the Senator's amendment is--and I agree with the thrust of it because there should be no discretion--no discretion--if, in fact, you are bankrupt because of medical bills, then you automatically are out, period. It is done. You do not owe anybody anything; finished, over, done, period. I understand that. And I sympathize with that.  I do not want anybody to mix apples and oranges unintentionally or in listening to this debate. What would be implied from this debate or assumed from this debate is somehow, by the passage of this bill, people with medical bills will be put at a greater disadvantage than they are under the present system. That is not true.  In the broader question of whether or not bankruptcy law--period--should be for people who have no ability to pay their bills because they have medical bills, or have no ability to pay their bills because of the loss of their job, or have no ability to pay their bills because they are deemed to be incompetent, even though they have an estate that exists out there--they are all different things that have nothing to do with the question of whether or not this legislation should pass or should fail. Based on the argument my friend from Wisconsin is making, we should eliminate the bankruptcy law that exists now. We should have no bankruptcy law because this does not exist in the present bankruptcy law.  It doesn't exist in present bankruptcy law. Let's not get confused. If the Senator wishes to make the argument that this is an important exemption that should be written into bankruptcy law as it exists or as it is amended, I understand that; I empathize with it. But if it is to make the case that people with severe medical bills are more disadvantaged under the changes we are proposing than the law that exists now, I don't buy that argument.  I will conclude by saying the only reason I spoke to the question of and agreed with the Senator that I think at least 50 percent of all bankruptcies are filed because of medical bills--at least 50 percent--if that is true, then my friend from Illinois and my other friend from Wisconsin and my friend from Massachusetts are dead wrong when they say the majority of bankruptcies are filed because of credit cards. That means that that can't be true.  Let's just look. I ``ain't'' slow; I did pretty well in math. It is really simple. With fifty percent of 100 percent based upon the fact that you have too many medical bills and you are required to go bankrupt, that means that all other bankruptcies, for whatever reason, amount to 50 percent, which means that credit card bankruptcies must be less than 49 percent--at least less than 49 percent.  According to the study we have gotten, there is no evidence that they have contributed at all to the increase in bankruptcy.  I might add, I am anxious to debate the predatory practice of sending the kids the credit card and all that stuff. With the limits they put on the credit card, those limits that you get when you get that credit card at the front end, these people that can't pay that back are so few that they are not even in the game of declaring bankruptcy. They are not even in the game. The college student who gets a credit card and blows it up and spends $1,000 on the credit card, they don't declare bankruptcy because of a $1,000 debt they don't pay. That is malarkey.  They declare bankruptcy because they run up tens of thousands of dollars in loans to go to college. That is why you should support the Schumer-Biden amendment to make sure that people can deduct the cost of college from their taxes. That is why we should provide for health care for all Americans so we don't have them declaring bankruptcy because of this.  Bankruptcies increase in direct proportion to people losing their health insurance--in direct proportion. Senator Kennedy stands on the floor--and no one knows more about it than he--and points out that fewer and fewer people have health care coverage since we started this debate on health care because my friends on the other side of the aisle are reluctant to provide for health care for people.  I just want a little truth in advertising here; that is all. It is OK, beat up on the credit card companies, don't like them. Beat up on the big companies, don't like them. This is an ironic position for me to be in after 28 years in the Senate. No one has ever accused me of being a friend of the banking industry. I have been around for a long time. Let's get it straight; you can't have it all ways here.  My friend comes to talk about the predatory practices. There are predatory practices, I acknowledge that. But are they the reason bankruptcies are increasing? Maybe. I see no evidence of it. No one has shown any evidence of that. The only report that was done indicates the opposite. If 50 percent related to health care, then obviously it isn't because of any particular industry.  I thank my colleague for his generosity.  I ask my friend from Iowa--he was not on the floor--I am defending his position. The Senator from Minnesota yielded me 5 minutes of his time. If he needs time, I hope the Senator will lend him the 5 minutes he would have lent me.  I yield the floor.  