 President, I always find these debates about attorney's fees fascinating. I find my friends on both sides of the aisle who usually are seeking to restrict attorney's fees are the most big-time free enterprise guys in the world. They are people who tell us we should not freeze and/or put limitations on the amount of money energy companies can make, even though it bears no relationship to cost. They are folks who told us out in California--when you have utility companies gouging the public--that we should not, even though we have authority under Federal law, put on some limitations. They are folks who tell us that, notwithstanding the fact that a drug company may be able to manufacture a pill for one-quarter of 1 cent and sell it for $75, there should not be any relationship between the amount of cost involved and the profit made.  I find it absolutely fascinating. For example--I am not going to do it--a great amendment to the amendment by my friend from Virginia would be the following: That any fee charged by an HMO for health care coverage must bear direct relationship to their cost and cannot exceed a profit rate of X amount. That would be fair, right?  All these folks who can't afford health insurance, who are getting banged around and battered, we are trying to help, but I imagine I would not get many votes for that. I bet my friend from Virginia would not vote for that because that is free enterprise.  My grandfather Finnegan used to have an expression. He said: You know, it's kind of fascinating. There's free enterprise for some people, free enterprise for the poor, and socialism for the rich. You find yourself in a position where, if you are representing the right interest, we talk about free enterprise; if you don't like the interests that are at stake, you find that you should have socialism, you should have imposed limitations on fees or on profits, based on whether you like what is going on.  I do not know whether most people know this, that an awful lot of these folks who want to bring suit against a giant company don't have any money. These giant companies, they have a lot of money and a lot of lawyers. So what they do is, they depose you to death, which costs thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars.  So what happens? You go to a lawyer, and you say: Look, I have this claim. And the lawyer sits down and says: OK, who knows what the jury will do, and who knows what will happen with regard to the defense that is going to be put up? And it seems to me you have a case. You have a 60-percent chance of winning this case. I'll tell you what I will do. I am going to front all the expenses. I am going to take all the chances.  It is sort of free enterprise. It may cost that law firm $50, $500, $5,000, $50,000, $100,000, and they are betting on the come. They are betting on the come. Some law firms actually risk their solvency on a case that they believe is worth pursuing.  Then you are going to come along and say: By the way--after the fact, after the risk is taken on behalf of a client, where you may get absolutely nothing and you may end up in the hole, losing a lot of money, because I can tell you, major corporations do what they are entitled to do under this system. They have batteries of lawyers, and they just depose the devil out of you. It costs. For example, the person taking down my comments right now, the cost to the American taxpayer for that transcription is hundreds of thousands of dollars a year--millions of dollars a year. We need to have a record, and we do it.  The same thing happens in the depositions. Somebody sits with a little machine like that and types away. So if I am the deep-pocket company and I want to run you out, all I do is I keep deposing you; I keep submitting interrogatories; and I run your cost up because you have to pay for that.  I guess the only point I am trying to make is--and I don't want to take the time because I am sure everybody's mind is already made up on this thing--if you feel good about lawyer bashing, if you feel good about making the case that you should have to justify, on an hourly basis, exactly what you do, and all of these things, not calculate the risk, not calculate the cost, then fine, have at it.  But I don't know; what is good for the goose isn't good for the gander. If we do this with regard to attorney's fees and we don't do this with regard to health care costs and fees, what is the fundamental difference? Tell me the fundamental difference, all of a sudden, in the great interest of my friends to protect the poor, aggrieved plaintiff, who has been wronged by the insurance company. At any rate, I am as anxious to get out of here as everybody is. Iwanted to make it clear: I think this is bad law, bad policy, a bad idea, and it is, in a literal sense, discriminatory.  