 President, amendment 676 is essentially the High Speed Rail Investment Act I introduced with Senator Hutchison earlier this year, that has 57 cosponsors, including the Majority and Minority leaders. Indeed, a majority of the Finance Committee supports this bill, as well.  Both of the leaders have given us their public commitments to move this legislation this year, commitments to finish a job that was started in the last Congress.  As the Administration introduces its proposal for a new energy policy, as we read daily about increasing congestion on our highways and at our airports, we simply must make safe, clean, high-speed passenger rail a key component of our nation's transportation system.  I say that this is essentially the same as the legislation that I introduced with Senator Hutchison and others earlier this year. Actually, the amendment we are offering today is an improved version, that addresses two key concerns of many of our colleagues.  At the insistence of Senator Baucus, and with his cooperation, we have included new language with an unambiguous prohibition on the use of the Highway Trust Fund by States in meeting their matching requirements under this legislation. That is something that has always been important to him, and I am glad to say that we have reached an agreement on that issue.  Just as important, we have also added new language on the question of State and local taxation of the improvements that will come from upgrading rail lines around the country to carry high-speed passenger trains. I know that was a concern of Senator Grassley, along with many other Senators.  As Senator Baucus knows, with this change the bill now has the support of the National League of Cities, the National Conference of State Legislatures, the United States Conference of Mayors, the National Association of Counties, and the Council of State Governments.  So, with the help of Senator Baucus, from now forward we have an improved version of the bill. This is the version we hope will move in the Finance Committee soon.  While supporters of this legislation are a majority in both the Finance Committee and here on the Senate floor, I will respect the wishes of Senator Baucus that we not ask for a vote today.  I am grateful that he is not only willing to sign on to this amendment, with the improvements he was seeking, buthe is committed to helping us move this legislation through the Finance Committee and on to the floor as soon as we can.  This is an important move forward, and an important step toward fulfilling the commitments Senate leaders have made to move the High Speed Rail Investment Act this year.  I thank Senator Baucus for his help in this matter.  