 President, I rise to support Senator Murray's amendment.  I make an observation at the outset. I do think this amendment suffers in one sense. It suffers from the ``not invented here'' syndrome. That is, I have not heard anybody yet--I am hopeful to hear it--come forward and say why smaller classes are not better and why the United States of America and the Federal Government should not help in accommodating most States and counties and cities change individual classrooms to smaller sizes.  Maybe there is something of which I am unaware. I am anxious to hear it. I have been listening back in my office to this nondebate debate because everybody seems to be for it, based on what is going on, other than an oblique reference that is not good from one quarter. But other than that, I have not heard why smaller classes are not better.  I am amazed any Senator would come to the floor of the Senate to argue that reducing class size is not good for children. Occasionally we run across those things that are so obvious on their face there is no debate about it. I do not know anybody--educator, noneducator, able to read, not able to read, with a Ph.D., with just a high school education--I do not know anybody who would make the argument that if you are given the same teacher, competent or incompetent, that teacher is more likely to get more information in the heads of the children in his or her class if there are 2 students than if there are 5, if there are 5 instead of 15, if there are 15 instead of 45. It just is so self-evident.  Results from both standardized tests and from curriculum-based tests show students in smaller classes continually outperform those same students in larger classes. These results span urban and rural schools, among low-income and wealthy students. In fact, when class sizes were decreased for minority students, their achievement rates doubled--that is right, doubled.  There are certain things I do not know why we spend so much time debating, they are so self-evident, such as the idea that we would be better off in this country and more likely to raise the achievement level of all our children in direct proportion to how many children had to compete for the teacher's attention.  Children would lose a lot if everyone had Plato as a teacher because they would not learn to interact with other children; they wouldn't be involved in sports; they wouldn't learn social skills. But, my Lord, does anybody think they would not learn more information if they had one brilliant teacher and one brilliant student, no matter how slow and how fast?  Everybody knows this. The question is whether or not we are willing to put our money, as a priority, on what we say is the single most important task facing this country--education of our children.  I ask anybody within listening distance of this microphone, on television or on radio, to ask themselves the following question--by the way, I teach. I taught as a student teacher when I was in law school to make money to get through law school. I now am a professor at Wyden University Law School, teaching an advanced course in constitutional law for two or three credits, depending on the semester, for the last eight or so semesters.  You don't have to know rocket science to figure this out. They tell me there are about 190 young people who try to sign up for my class every year. Because it is a seminar, it is limited to no more than 16 or 17 students, although I might note parenthetically that the school started putting 25 and 28 in my class. I finally went to the dean and said: I think it is too large. He said: Well, I guess you are right. And they decided to put fewer students in the class. They changed the schedule to a Saturday morning, and it became inconvenient at the last minute. So for the last two semesters I have only had five to eight students. I promise you, as bad of a teacher as I am, when I had 5 students in my class, they learned a lot more than when I had 15, even in a targeted seminar.  My wife has been a schoolteacher for the last 22 years. She can tell you, as any teacher in a public or a private school--she taught in the public school; now she teaches at a junior college--that everything changes when you have fewer students--everything. Discipline problems change when you have 5 students as opposed to 10; or 15 as opposed to 45. Everything changes. The student who is self-conscious, or the student such as I when I was a kid who stutters, is much more likely to raise his or her hand with a small class than with a big class. The kid who raises the devil or is shy is likely to engage more in a small class than a big class.  I don't get this. I don't understand why this is even a debate. I really truly don't.  Some of my conservative friends believe in the devolution of power, which is the new, as they say, paradigm for Government. It is a fancy word of saying the Federal Government has no responsibility.  If you conclude that the Federal Government has no responsibility to deal in any way, directly or indirectly, with elementary and secondary education of our students in the States and localities, then I accept your ``no'' vote as being based upon a rational principle. I disagree with your principle, but it is rational. It is rational to say the Federal Government should not be involved at all; ergo, I am against 100,000 teachers. I got that. I figured that out. There are some in this body, many at the Cato Institute, and many at the Heritage Foundation who believe that. I think many of the people, including President Bush, may believe that. I don't know. But I understand that.  However, I do not understand anyone making the argument that the distinguished Senator from Washington is wrong--if I am not mistaken, she used to actually teach--when she says that it is easier to communicate information, build confidence, and encourage involvement when you have a smaller class than when you have a larger class.  Why do you think we pay so much money to send our kids to private universities as opposed to public universities? I went to a public university. I am very proud of my university, the University of Delaware. My son went to a large law school. In our State, we don't have a large public law school. My son went to Yale. He had five, six, or seven in his class. The fact is, I didn't get into Yale. Thank God I have a smart son.  But all kidding aside, why do you think we pay all this extra money? Many of these brilliant young people sitting behind us and the ones who advise us went to those schools. They went there because, in part, of the teacher-pupil ratio.  Why do you think when you send your kid to a university and you get that little book, which we all learn--there is a book that gives the ratings of all the colleges--why do you think, in addition to telling you the size of the library, the size of the student body, the endowment, and how many Nobel Laureates they have, part of the rating of whether they are a good or a bad school is based upon the teacher-student ratio?  I get confused here. Maybe I am a little slow. But if, in fact, it matters when you are a 22-year-old doctoral student to have a smaller class, tell me why it doesn't matter when you are a 7-year-old first grader? I don't get this. I think we need a little bit of truth in packaging here.  This is not my legislation. I am a follower. But I am ready to be a soldier. I hope someone will come to the Chamber and debate with us about why smaller class size is not a good idea.  Good. Maybe my friend is about to do that. I would love to have that debate.  Simply put, smaller classes can dramatically improve the quality of a child's education, whether they are slow, or fast, or whether or not they are the brightest candle on the table. All of them will benefit marginally more by a smaller class.  We began this initiative under the leadership of the Senator from the State of Washington 3 years ago in an attempt to reduce class size in grades 1-3 to no more than 18 students. I cosponsored that amendment with Senator Murray in her effort to continue this program in subsequent years.  I would like to think that the 100,000 teacher initiative would be as successful as the 100,000 cops initiative that I authored in 1994. I don't think it is an accident that overall crime has gone down 7\1/2\ percent per year because we added 100,000 cops on the streets in addition to other initiatives. The Federal Government has no strings attached in terms of having any control over the cop any more than having any control over the teacher. The State, the district, and the locality control that teacher. But as we say, there are certain national priorities.  No child should be left behind. One of the ways to make sure no child is left behind is to do just what every parent does in the supermarket or department store: Don't let go of her hand. Don't let go of his hand. And if you have 45 students in the class, you can't hold all their hands, figuratively speaking.  So the degree to which you want to be assured that children are left behind, increase class size. The degree to which you want to diminish the possibility of any child being left behind, reduce class size.  Both the cops and teachers programs focus on putting resources where theycan be most effective. For cops, it was the street. For teachers, it is the classroom.  In the first year, more than 29,000 teachers were hired. Now about 1.7 million children are directly benefiting from smaller classes.  In my home State of Delaware, a small State, our schools rely on this program to fund 115 teachers statewide.  While that may not seem to be a lot to some of my colleagues, those additional teachers can, and do, have a great impact in a State as small as mine. I debated the Senator's legislation on, I believe it was, ``Meet the Press'' about a year ago with the distinguished and serious Governor of the State of Pennsylvania, who was making the case that President Bush did not like this program. He pointed out--and I will ask permission to amend this figure in the Record if I am wrong--my recollection is there were a couple thousand teachers in Pennsylvania or 1,800. It was a big number.  I turned to my friend on that show, the Governor of Pennsylvania, and said: Well, then, I assume the Governor of Pennsylvania would like to send back the money. You don't want the teachers? They don't make a difference?  So I suggest that any Senator who is opposed to this program should stand up and in good conscience say: By the way, we have 270 federally funded teachers. I would like to send all the money back. I am sending a petition to my Governor saying: Don't take the money. Fire those teachers. Send them home. Or tell us why it isn't working in your State to help alleviate the myriad of problems public educators face every day. This program is working.  Now, in my humble opinion, is not the time to give it up, either by failing to provide the necessary funds for continuation or by block-granting them with other education programs because, do you know what happens when you block-grant? The last people to benefit are the teachers. The last folks who get anything in the deal are teachers. This isn't for the teachers. This is for the students.  Again, I make an analogy to the police. Before we passed the Biden crime bill in 1994, in the 20 largest cities in America, there was a net increase of less than 1.5 percent in the total number of those who were on police forces because--guess what--they did not want to hire police, not because they did not think they needed them but because they did not want to sign on to the commitment of year in and year out having to pay them. They did not want to pick up the fringe benefits, the health care, and so on.  So when you block-grant it, I promise you, they are not going to put it in hiring more teachers. They are not going to go into your local school districts and say: By the way, we block-granted the money. And now we are going to give, for example, Abraham Lincoln School in such and such a county, in such and such a State, money to hire three more teachers.  I hope I am wrong. But I will make a bet, if you block-grant it, a year after the block grant has been distributed, there will not be any more teachers than the day before it was distributed.  So, folks, it is a funny thing about education: you need a teacher. It is a strange notion.  I know of the incredible work Senator Kennedy has done. And I say to my colleague from Vermont, and all the members of this committee--Republican and Democrat--they have done incredible work. But I cannot think of anything--anything at all--they have done that has the potential to have a more immediate impact on the amount of knowledge students in the United States of America attending public schools will acquire than reducing their class size. Maybe there is something out there--I do not purport to be an expert in education--but I am telling you, I can't think of anything in this bill more important.  So I urge my colleagues to stand with the Senator from the State of Washington, Mrs. Murray, and adopt her amendment and support the Class Size Reduction Initiative--unless they have another idea as to how they are going to guarantee us that the end result of our legislation will be smaller class size in the States and localities that voluntarily choose to participate in this program.  I thank my friend from the State of Washington for allowing me to participate and cosponsor this amendment. I compliment her and everyone else who supports this concept. I look forward to hearing opposing arguments on why smaller class size is not a good idea.  I yield the floor.  