 President, I rise today to thank my Senate colleagues for their support of two important aviation needs and to express my disappointment that the House did not support those decisions. I know that it is always difficult to reconcile the decisions made in the Senate with those made in the House, but this case, I am very sorry to see that the Senate's wisdom was not sustained.  When the Defense Appropriations bill left the Senate, it included full-funding for two important aviation assets--C-5 avionics modernization and 10 additional Blackhawks for the Amy National Guard. Unfortunately, the bill that we have before us does not include those items. Instead, the C-5 avionics funding is cut by $70.50 million and there are only 4 Blackhawks going to the Army National Guard.  Let me first review the importance of the C-5 Avionics Modernization Program which was not only fully funded in the Senate's Defense Appropriations bill, but which both the House and Senate Armed Services Committees fully supported in their bills.  The C-5 is what the military uses when it needs to deploy quickly with as much equipment as possible. This was confirmed once again in Operation Enduring Freedom where the Air Force reports that C-5s have hauled forty-six percent of the cargo during the operation while only flying approximately twenty-eight percent of the sorties. This plane is a vital part of our military success. It is also a key player in our nation's humanitarian efforts, so critical to the long-term success of our national security strategy.  Taking $70.5 million from the President's funding request means that critical Secretary of Defense directed Flight and Navigation Safety modifications and Global Air Traffic Management modifications will be delayed by up to a year or more. Delays in installing the safety equipment continue to place aircrews at risk at a time when they are engaged around the world in the war on terrorism and humanitarian missions. Delays also prevent the C-5 from being fully employed in certain parts of the world as AMP modifications are necessary to comply with new GATM regulations.  At a time when we are asking our military to do so much, to deny our aircrews and military planners C-5s that have the safety upgrades and operational improvements that the AMP will provide does not make sense. Again, I am sorry that the House did not agree with the Senate. I hope we can reverse this problem next year by accelerating the program with increased funding. I will certainly fight to do that and I hope that other colleagues who have been supportive in the past will join me in that fight next year.  My other concern with this bill is that the Army National Guard's need for additional UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters has not been properly addressed. Today, the Army National Guard comprises fifty percent of the Army's total utility airlift capability. Unfortunately, only twenty-seven percent of the fleet is usually flyable. On a regular basis a full seventy-three percent of the utility helicopters in the Guard are grounded because of a lack of parts or safety of flight concerns! Virtually every state confronts significant shortages, and some states, like Delaware, have absolutely no modern helicopters, relying instead on one or two Vietnam-era helicopters.  This means that regular state missions cannot be executed. Pilots and maintenance personnel cannot remain proficient. These skilled personnel arenot able to do their job, get frustrated, and decide not to stay in the military. Meanwhile, the Army is simply unready in this area. In normal times, these are unacceptable realities. Today, when the Guard has been asked to do so much more, it is unfathomable to me that we would not do more to fix these problems.  The Senate recognized the need to do more and provided a first installment of ten new Blackhawk helicopters for the Army Guard. Unfortunately, this bill only provides four. Today, many in utility aviation units do not have even the bare minimum they need to stay proficient, let alone do their missions. This is certainly true in Delaware and I know it also true for at least five other states. This bill does not even allow the Guard Bureau to put one new Blackhawk in each state that needs seven to ten!  The men and women who serve in the Guard every day, both in their states and overseas, deserve to have the equipment they need to perform their missions. I am sorry the House did not agree to do more to address their aviation needs this year and I will work with my colleagues again next year to try to improve this situation.  Mr. President, this bill includes a number of important items that will benefit our military and I support it. But, I want to put my colleagues on notice that next year I will be fighting to accelerate C-5 modernization and to get additional UH-60s for the Army National Guard. The Senate spoke wisely last week in fully funding both of these aviation needs and I am sorry that the House was unwilling to sustain that wisdom.  Mr. Allard. Mr. President, being that I was not able to discuss the Fiscal Year 2002 Defense Authorization Act last Thursday, I wanted to take a few minutes to discuss a few aspects of this very important bill.  I strongly support the Fiscal Year 2002 Defense Authorization Act. I want to congratulate Chairman Levin and the Ranking Member Warner for the good work and the way they have moved this important bill for our men and women in the military. I believe this is a balanced bill which provides a much needed and deserved increase for our military men and women. After years of declining budgets, this bill continues the increase in resources which started 2 years ago.  The bill provides $343.3 billion in budget authority, plus authorizes the $21.2 billion in emergency supplemental appropriations as requested by the President in order to respond to the terrorist attacks. The bill also adds over $779.4 million above the request for the Department of Energy's environmental cleanup programs and nuclear weapons activities.  When I became the Personnel Subcommittee Chairman in 1999, the subcommittee provided the first major pay raise for our troops in over 20 years and I am glad that this year's bill continues this trend. The bill provides a targeted pay raise effective January 1, 2002, ranging 5 to 10 percent, with the largest increase going to junior officers and non-commissioned officers.  While no member enjoys having bases closed in their State, or even the possibility of closure, it is that time that we recognize we do have excess capacity and that is time to consider another round of base closings as requested by the administration. After much negotiating, the conferees authorized a round of base closings in 2005, with established criteria based on actual and potential military value that the Secretary of Defense must use to determine which bases to recommend.  As the rulemaking member of the Strategic Subcommittee, I would like to congratulate my chairman, Senator Reed, for his good work on this bill. He worked in a bipartisan and even handed manner. While we disagreed on the missile defense programs, Senator Reed and I were in agreement on most of the remaining major issues before the subcommittee.  While many in Congress may disagree on funding levels of missile defense, no one can argue that ballistic missiles, armed with nuclear, biological, or chemical warheads, present a considerable threat to U.S. troops deployed abroad, allies, and the American homeland. The consequences of such an attack on the United States would be staggering; yet the United States currently has no system capable of effectively stopping even a single ballistic missile headed toward the American homeland or depolyed U.S. troops.  To end this vulnerability, the President requested a significant increase in funding for ballistic missile defense programs which was an important first step toward protecting all Americans against ballistic missile attack. The conference provided up to $8.3 billion, $3 billion more than the fiscal year 2001 level, for the continued development of ballistic missile defenses. In addition, the conferees provided flexibility for the President to use up to $1.3 billion of these funds for programs to combat terrorism.  In an effort to increase the efficiency and productivity of the missile defense programs, the administration requested to fundamentally restructure the nation's ballistic missile defense programs into six primary areas: Boost, Midcourse, Terminal Defenses, Systems Engineering, Sensor, and Technology Development. This new approach will provide the flexibility to allow programs that work to mature but the ability to cancel programs that do not. Plus, the program will provide enhanced testing and test infrastructure.  A major testing initiative included in the President's request is the 2004 Pacific missile defense test bed, the conferees supported the request, for $786 million for the including $273 million for construction primarily at fort Greely, Alaska and other Alaska locations. Beginning in 2004, the Pacific missile test bed will allow more challenging testing in a far wider range of engagement scenarios than can be accommodated today.  The conferees provided the following levels for the restructured programs: $780 million for BMD system activities including battle management, communications, targets, countermeasures, and system integration; $2.2 billion (matching the President's request) for terminal defense systems, including Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3), Medium Extended Air Defense System (MEADS), Navy Area (which has now been cancelled by the Administration), Theater High Altitude Air Defense (THAAD), and international missile defense programs, including the Arrow program; $3.9 billion (matching the President's request) for mid-course defense systems, including ground-based (formerly known as national Missile Defense) and sea-based (formerly known as Navy Theater Wide Defense) missile defense programs; $685 million (matching the President's request) for boost phase systems, including the Airborne Laser (ABL) and Space-Based Laser (SBL); $496 million (matching the President's request) for the Space-Based Infrared System (SBIRS) and international sensor programs, including the Russian-American Observation Satellite project; $113 million (matching the President's request) for development of technology and innovative concepts necessary to keep pace with evolving missile threats;  However, the conferees did not support the President's request to transfer PAC-3, Medium Extended Air Defense System, and Navy Area programs from BMDO to the military services. The bill requires the Secretary of Defense to establish guidelines for future transfers, and to certify that transferred programs are adequately funded in the future year defense program.  Just as the President moves to reduce our nuclear forces the conferees repealed the statute that prohibits the U.S. from retiring or dismantling certain strategic nuclear forces until START II enters into force. As part of this effort, the conferees increased funding for the retirement of the Peacekeeper ICBM.  The Strategic Subcommittee also has oversight over two-thirds of the Department of Energy's budget as it relates to our nuclear forces and defense nuclear cleanup programs.  During the subcommittee's hearings, we heard from DOE that one of the major shortfalls of the Department is the conditions of the infrastructure of our DOE labs and plants, the need for a principal deputy administrator at the National Nuclear Security Administration, and an increase in DOE's environmental cleanup programs and nuclear weapons activities.  Therefore the conferees provided $6.2 billion for DOE environmental cleanup and management programs including: $3.3 billion for work at facilities withcomplex and extensive environmental problems that will be closed after 2006; $1.1 billion for the Defense Facilities Closure Project; $959.7 million for construction and site completion at facilities that will be closed by 2006; $216 million ($20 million more than the President's request) for the Defense Environmental Restoration and Waste Management Science and Technology programs; and $153.5 million ($12 million more than the President's request) for Defense Environmental Management Privatization.  In regards to the National Nuclear Security Administration conferees provided $7.1 billion for managing the nation's nuclear weapons, nonproliferation and naval reactor programs, including: $1 billion for stockpile life extension and evaluation programs; $2.1 billion for focused efforts to develop the tools and knowledge necessary to ensure the safety, reliability, and performance of the nuclear stockpile in the absence of underground nuclear weapons testing. Included in this, the conferees provided $219 million to fully fund plutonium pit manufacturing and certification; $200 million to begin to recapitalize the nation's nuclear weapons complex infrastructure, much of which dates to the post-World War II era; $688 million for the naval reactors program, which supports operation, maintenance and continuing development of Naval nuclear propulsion systems.  There is one issue that I am very proud to say is included in this bill and that is the creation of the Rocky Flats National Wildlife Refuge. This effort has been done in a bipartisan manner with Congressman Udall and more than 2 years worth of work by local citizens, community leaders, and elected officials. Its passage has ensured that our children and grandchildren will continue to enjoy the wildlife and open space that currently exists at Rocky Flats. However, even with its passage, my primary goal remains the safe cleanup and closure of Rocky Flats.  I would like to mention a few of the following high points of the bill.  Rocky Flats will remain in permanent federal ownership through a transfer from the Department of Energy to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service after the cleanup and closure of the site is complete;  Secondly, we understand the importance of planning for the transportation needs of the future and have authorized the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of the Interior the opportunity to grant a transportation right-of-way on the eastern boundary of the site for transportation improvements along Indiana Street;  The third point is one of the most important directives in this Act and it states that ``nothing . . . shall reduce the level of cleanup and closure at Rocky Flats required under the RFCA or any Federal or State law.'' I believe it is important to reiterate that the cleanup levels for the site will be determined by the various laws and processes set forth in the Rock Flats Cleanup Agreement and State and Federal law; and  Fourth, we firmly believe that access rights and property rights must be preserved. Therefore, this legislation recognizes and preserves all mineral rights, water rights and utility rights-of-ways. This act does, however, provide the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Interior the authority to impose reasonable conditions on the access to private property rights for cleanup and refuge management purposes.  I would also like to highlight another section of the bill which encourages the implementation of the recommendations of the Space Commission, which concluded that the Department of Defense is not adequately organized or focused to meet U.S. national security space needs. There are four major sections of the provision.  The first provision requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on steps taken to improve management, organization and oversight of space programs, space activities, and funding and personnel resources.  The second provision requires the Secretary of Defense to take actions that ensure space development and acquisition programs are jointly carried out and, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that offers of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force are assigned to and hold leadership positions in such joint program offices.  Third, the conferees request that the Comptroller General report back to Congress on the actions taken by the Secretary of Defense to implement the recommendations contained in the Commission report.  Fourth, due to the concerns of the ``tripled hatted'' nature of the Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Air Force Space Command, the bill states that the position should not serve concurrently as commander of the North American Air Defense Command and as Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Space Command. Plus, the bill provides the needed flexibility in general officer limits to ensure that the commander of Air Force Space Command will serve in the grade of general.  Finally, even though I strongly support the Fiscal Year 2002 Authorization Act, I am very disappointed that this bill ignored real shortcoming as it relates to our military's voting rights.  While my original bill went much further in implementing the Space Commission report, I believe this is a first good step and, if needed, I hope we can revisit this issue next year to ensure that space management and programs get the senior level support it deserves.  Finally, even though I strongly support this bill, I am very disappointed that this bill ignored a real shortcoming as it relates to our military voting rights.  When I introduce S. 381, my Military Voting Rights Bill, I sought to improve the voting rights of overseas military voters in six key ways. And this Senate agreed to include that bill in our version of the defense authorization. But I am severely dismayed that the conference report contained none of the most important provisions relating to military voting.  Considering the egregious acts of last November, with the memory of campaign lawyers standing ready with pre-printed military absentee ballot challenge forms, we needed to respond. And yet the House of Representatives, led by the House Administration Committee, refused to accept the sections of the Senate passed bill that would most effectively ensure the voting rights of our military men and women and their families.  In September, the GAO released a 92-page report entitled ``Voting Assistance to Military and Overseas Citizens Should Be Improved.'' I will not read the entire thing, but let me read one of the summary headers: ``Military and Overseas Absentee Ballots in Small Countries Were Disqualified at a Higher Rate Than Other Absentee Ballots.''  I also have an article from the Washington Post, page A17, November 22, 2000 that reads in part `` . . . lawyers spent a contentious six hours trying to disqualify as many as possible of the absentee ballots sent in by overseas military personnel.''  Let me also read from a Miami Herald article, November 19, 2000: ``Forty percent of the more than 3,500 ballots in Florida were thrown out last week for technical reasons, and elections observers are wondering whether the State's election laws are fair, especially to military personnel.''  Two main flaws in the military voter system--flaws that we have concrete proof were exploited--could have been fixed last week by sections of the Military Voting Rights bill that the House refuses to accept.  The first section prohibits a State from disqualifying a ballot based upon lack of postmark, address, witness signature, lack of proper postmark, or on the basis of comparison of envelope, ballot and registration signatures alone--these were the basis for most absentee ballot challenges.  There has been report after report of ballots mailed--for instance form deployed ships or other distant postings--without the benefit of postmarking facilities. Sometimes mail is bundled, and the whole group gets one postmark, which could invalidate them all under current law. Military ``voting officers'' are usually junior ranks, quickly trained, and facing numerous other responsibilities. We can not punish our service personnel for the good faith mistakes of others.  And military voters who are discharged and move before an election but after the residency deadline cannot vote through the military absentee ballot system, and sometimes are not ableto fulfill deadlines to establish residency in a State. There are roughly 20,000 military personnel separated each month. Our section allowed them to use the proper discharge forms as a residency waiver and vote in person at their new polling site. This brings military voters into their new community quicker. But the House rejected this section as well.  The Senate moved to address these problems. The Houses refuses to do so. This is an issue I, and those who feel as strongly as I do, such as our nation's veteran and active duty service organizations, will continue to press.  