 President, I rise today in opposition to the confirmation of Gale Norton as Secretary of the Interior. I do not reach this decision easily. However, I do not have the confidence that Ms. Norton will bring the necessary balanced approach that should be required for this position.  I have discussed the important and special role that the Secretary of the Interior performs in this country when the Senate has considered other nominees to this office. In 1983, I described the office of the Secretary of the Interior as:       the chief environmental officer of the United States as      well as the conservator, trustee and steward of the public      lands and natural resources. At the same time, the Secretary      is expected to promote and direct the reasonable and      efficient use of those lands and natural resources, in ways      which do not conflict with his primary environmental      responsibilities. And the American people, those who wish to      preserve those lands and resources as well as those who wish      to develop them, expect that the Secretary will bring to bear      an appropriate expertise, experience and balanced temperament      on the wide variety of issues he is called upon to decide.  I do not question that Gale Norton has a great deal of experience and knowledge about the matters that will come before her. However, I am concerned that her record fails to indicate a ``balanced temperament on the wide variety of issues she will be called upon to decide.''  From her earlier attacks on the Surface Mining Act and Endangered Species Act to positions she has taken to undermine implementation of the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act, her judgments evidence a pattern that calls into question exactly how she will view her responsibilities as the steward of our public lands when she is called upon to make decisions about their appropriate use. The position of Secretary of the Interior is too important to entrust to someone whose record does not convey a commitment to the preservation of our public lands and natural resources.  For these reasons, I will cast my vote against the confirmation of Ms. Norton.  