 President, I would like to begin today by praising my distinguished colleague from South Carolina for the leadership and determination that he has brought to this debate.  I would also like to apologize to him. Apologize that he has to come to this floor yet again to cut through all the rhetoric, and high-minded talk, to get to the single most important fact in this debate. And that is, nothing will change in our campaign finance system until we have the Constitutional ability to limit spending in congressional campaigns.  And the only way that we can do that other than through voluntary limits is by standing with Senator Hollings to pass this Constitutional amendment.  We've been down this road many times, Mr. President. As the Senator from South Carolina will tell you, he and I have stood on this floor urging the Senate to take this first fundamental step by passing his amendment. We have recited fact after fact to illustrate how the spending in last election cycle was far worse than the previous cycle. And each time that we stand here, the story get's worse and worse.  The truth is, unless we adopt Senator Hollings' amendment and pass the McCain-Feingold bill, we will back here in 2 years--reciting a new round of statistics to illustrate how bad the system got in 2002.  Mr. President, our system is spiraling out of control. And it will continue this spiral, unabated, until we pass needed reforms. But nothing can fundamentally change the way in which our process works until we have the ability under the law to limit the amount of money that is spent on campaigns.  Twenty-five years ago, the Supreme Court ruled that spending money was the same thing as speech. The Court said that writing a check for a candidate was speech, but writing a check to a candidate is not speech.  The Supreme Court made a supremely bad and, I believe, supremely wrong decision. By saying that Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom to write a check, the Court is saying that Congress cannot take the responsible step of limiting how much money politicians can spend in trying to get elected. We have to start putting limits on spending, Mr. President, because money is beginning to overtake the system.  In the twenty-five years since the Supreme Court's ruling, the general cost of living has tripled, but the total spending on Congressional campaigns has gone up eightfold. Think about it: eight times!  For the winning candidates, the average House race went from $87,000 to $816,000 in 2000. And here on the Senate side, winners spent an average of $609,000 in 1976, but last year that average shot up to $7 million.  And the Federal Election Commission estimates that last year more than $1.8 billion dollars in federally regulated money was spent on federal campaigns alone, and that doesn't even count the huge amount of soft money that was used in an attempt to influence federal elections.  Yes, these numbers are staggering. But even more so, is the thought that they will continue rise unless something is done. And I belive that the single most important thing that we can do from a purely practical sense is to amend the Constitution and give us the right to limit the amount of money that candidates are able to spend.  I don't approach this lightly, Mr. President. Amending our Constitution is not a trivial matter. We have seldom done it in our history, and we have only done so when it was truly needed. Reluctantly, I have reached the conclusion that it is needed, now. For if we do not take this opportunity to seize control of our system, we will be right back here merely debating the problem, instead of solving it. And when we return 2, 4, maybe 6 years from now, the problem will be even worse than it is today, and as a result, much harder to solve.  Mr. President, the sooner we take action, the sooner we will be able to restore the public's faith in our democracy. I urge all of my colleagues to stand with the distinguished Senator from South Carolina and adopt this Constitutional amendment as a first, and fundamental, step toward reclaiming our political system for the American people.  Mr. President, let's get something straight here. The first amendment is not absolute. No amendment is absolute. When there is a Government interest, in this case of curbing corruption, there is a Government rationale to be able to deal with what the Court refers to as speech. I think Justice Stevens got it right in a case decided 24 years after Buckley v. Valeo, I say to my friend from Alabama. He said money is not speech, money is property. Money is property. We are talking about speech.  All the folks sitting up here in the gallery are in fact interested in free speech. But it does not go unnoticed that their ability to speak freely and be listened to depends upon how much money they have. You can be as free-speaking as you want. You can stand in a corner or in a park with a megaphone and go on and on about what you think should be done. You can seek free press. But you are unable to go into the Philadelphia media market and pay $30,000 for a 30-second ad to say my good friend from Alabama is a chicken thief or is a war hero. You are not able to do that. That takes money. Money talks. Money talks. Money is property. Money is not speech, money is property.  The fact of the matter is, in this context, if you look at my friend from Alabama, and others, the Court, in the progeny of Buckley, has allowed us to regulate campaign contributions under certain circumstances. So this notion that it is absolute is absolutely inaccurate. I will not go into further detail because of the time constraints here.  Let me say again that I thank my friend from South Carolina because, when all is said and done, this is the only deal in town. It is fascinating. If you look at what happened here, we can pass the McCain-Feingold bill--and I am for it--but I promise you, we are going to be back here in a year or two, or three, on a simple proposition. The simple proposition is that the cost of campaigning has gone up eightfold in the same time that we have been in a system where the cost of inflation has gone up significantly less than that. Since 25 years ago, at the time of the Supreme Court ruling, the general cost of living has tripled, the cost of running a campaign has gone up eightfold. Now, for a winning candidate, the average of a House race 25 years ago was $87,000. This time around, it is $816,000, average.  Let me tell you, if you have a lot of money, you can speak a lot louder, your voice is heard more. If you don't have a lot of money, you are not heard. I didn't think that is what the founders had in mind when they talked about speech. They didn't sit down and say, by the way, landowners with a lot of money should be able to be heard more than the guy who is the shoemaker in the village, or the village cobbler. They didn't say that. Money is property. Money is property. It is not speech.  On the Senate side, let's take a look at what happened. When I ran in 1972--and I won't even go back that far--I spent $286,000 in the election. The Senate race in Delaware combined cost over $13 million--not my race; I am not up until this time.  Let's get something else straight. One of the reasons our friends aren't so crazy about this amendment is all of us who hold public office now are in pretty good shape without this amendment.  It is not merely what the other guy can do to you. You sit there and say: That interest does not like me, so they will spend a lot of money. If you are popular enough in your home State, guess what. They are worried what you will do to them.  I am not going to have any trouble raising money as long as I stay relatively popular. Right now I am relatively popular. Guess what. I would hate to be getting starting now to try to run in Delaware. I do not know how they do it. How do they do it? How do they raise a minimum of 2 million bucks or probably, if it is a race, $5 million, in a little State with only 400,000 registered voters? Heck, we could go out and pay everybody. We could go out and give them all a bonus, increase their standard of living if we took that $13 million and spread it among 400,000 voters.  This is getting obscene. What is going to control? What is the deal here? I know this amendment is not going to pass this time, but I want tobe on the side of right on this one, like I have from the very beginning when my friend from South Carolina proposed this. If, in fact, the average cost of a Senate election--catch this--in 1976, the average cost of a State election was $609,000. Do you know what it was this last cycle? Seven million dollars. Did you hear what I said? Seven million dollars. Give me a break--free speech, whoa.  You better have won the genetic pool, as the distinguished financier from the great State of Nebraska says. You better have won the genetic pool and inherited a whole lot of money, or you better have an awful lot of very rich friends, people with a lot of money, otherwise how do you get in the game? How could I possibly--maybe this is a good reason not to have the amendment--but how could I as a 29-year-old guy, coming from a family with no money--I am the first U.S. Senator I ever knew in effect--how could I have gotten elected? How could I do it now? I have been here now for 28 years. Obviously, the people of Delaware do not think I have done a real bad job. How could I have gotten here if, in fact, I had to go out and raise $2 million, $3 million, $4 million, $5 million, or $9 million? I will tell you what happens.  You engage in an incredible exercise of rationalization. You go out there and say: I am going to stick to my principles. I will give a specific example.  When I ran the first time, at the very end--and my friend from South Carolina knows because he headed up the campaign committee and he is more responsible for my being here than anyone in the Senate because he helped me. We narrowed the race down to a percentage point with 10, 11 days to go. My brother Jim, 24 years old, was raising my money and said: Joe--we had no TV ads--the radio station called and the ads come off the air on Friday--this is 10 days before the election and my ads were working. You need $20,000. We have no money.  He set up a meeting with a bunch of good people, decent, honorable men my age, maybe a little older, very wealthy people in my State who were, like me, opposed to the war in Vietnam, pro-environmental movement, and thought women's rights should be expanded. They were basically Republicans, but they were moderate Republicans.  I drove out to a place called Greenville, DE. I walked in to this investment banking operation in a beautiful area, one of the wealthiest areas in America. My friend knows it well. I sat down with six or eight fine men. They offered me a drink. I sat there and had a Coke. We talked about my position on promoting the rights of women, the equal rights amendment because they were for it. I talked about the environmental questions. I talked about the war in Vietnam, et cetera. Then one guy said: Joe, what is your position on capital gains? No one here will remember except my friend from South Carolina, but at that time it was a big issue in the 1972 campaign. Nixon either wanted to eliminate it or drastically reduce it, I cannot remember.  Guess what. I knew all I had to say was: You know, gentlemen, I really think we should have a cut in capital gains. But because I was young enough and stupid enough not to think, I immediately said: No, I oppose a cut in the capital gains tax.  No one said anything except: Joe, lots of luck in your senior year. Good talking to you. So long.  I will never forget riding down the pike with my brother Jim. My brother turned to me and said: I hope you really feel strongly about capital gains because you just blew an election.  I truly believed--and only someone who has run for office can really understand this--I truly believed everything I had worked for I had just blown by telling the truth. I almost wanted to turn the car around and go back.  I think of myself as a principled man, but I started to rationalize. I started to say: Isn't it better for me to get elected with 95 percent of my values intact, a guy who will fight to stop the war, promote the rights of women, fight for civil rights, a guy who will blah, blah, blah? Capital gains is not that big a deal.  That is how insidious this process is. No one buys us. No one goes out and pays and says: If you do this, I will pay you. But it is insidious. It is insidious, and the only people who have a lot of money to be involved in campaigns, whether they are people I support such as labor unions or big business are people who have an interest.  I ask unanimous consent to proceed for 2 more minutes. My friend is not here.  