 If I am wrong about that, I will correct the record. But in Delaware, under chapter 7, we don't have this way to hide assets in a house. I think you should be able to keep up to $100,000 of the value of your house. But in 13, you get to keep your house as long as you keep your mortgage payments, and you are allowed to have that portion taken out to keep your house just as you can have that portion taken out to pay your medical bills, or pay ongoing expenses that you have--gas for your car to go back and forth to work, et cetera.  That is the case that would not be affected by this legislation. It would not be made better or not be made worse by this will. What would happen is arguably he wouldn't have to go to 13 if he didn't want to because under this bill, the means test in S. 420 establishes a standard. It establishes a standard. And it goes on to point out that in terms of this whole argument about medical bills, which I went into a little while earlier, unless your means test--in my State, by the way, the means test for a family would be $46,000, and you would have to make more than that to even be considered in the means test, but once you are in the means test, then what happens is special circumstances can be counted, whether or not you can still stay in chapter 7 or get bumped to chapter 13. And the special circumstances relate to medical expenses. The medical expenses are your special circumstances.  If you are in a situation where not only do you have medical expenses that you have to meet but you have the medical expenses and other necessary expenses that are not limited to your own medical expenses--for example, the medical expenses you are paying for your mom, the medical expenses you are paying for your adopted child, the medical expenses you are paying for your sister, the medical expenses you are paying for a family member --those get included so you do not get knocked out of chapter 7 under this law. You can count those medical expenses.  So a judge says: OK, look, under the means test, you have this amount of money. You do not make more than $46,000 in Delaware, so you can stay in chapter 7. We are not even going to consider looking at whether or not you have a right to file in chapter 7. And then, by the way, if you are 150 percent above that income, which gets you up to, what, $60,000, or something like that, whatever the exact number is, then you can say: Hey, wait a minute. I have all these medical expenses so I get to stay in chapter 7 anyway.  My confusion is how this amendment relates to this bill. It relates to bankruptcy generally; I acknowledge that. It is a new standard that we are considering, but it does not go to the assertions made by others that people, because of their medical bills, are getting killed with this legislation.  The very example my friend gave already was an example that occurred in Delaware that had nothing to do with this legislation. His medical bills were so high, the poor devil, and his income was so limited, he lost everything. That is tragic. That is why we need national health insurance. But the passage of this bill would not alleviate that problem. So it is kind of a non sequitur. They are not related.  I yield the floor.  