 We lost one of the musketeers in Senator Bradley. I don't know how many times we have come to the floor to talk about this issue. What is discouraging is, we seem to be moving backwards now instead of forward.  I have a reputation that doesn't always serve me well of being relatively blunt. I am going to continue to exacerbate that a little bit today and depart from my prepared remarks at the outset and speak to the last point the Senator from Massachusetts was talking about.  Our friends who oppose this will say to any idea of any public financing: Why should the public pay for bumper stickers and billboards and the like? I will bet you if you sat down with every American, and were able to do it one on one, and said: Here is the deal: Do you want me taking money from a checkoff system on your income tax, as the Presidential campaign is run, or from a direct appropriation that may cost you a couple bucks a year? Would you feel better about me and my independence if you did that and I had a limited amount of money if I were the nominee that I could spend, a limited amount of money based on the size of my State? Or would you rather have me hanging around in Hollywood, New York, Detroit, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, the major money centers of the world, sitting down with investment bankers and with corporate heads and union leaders and listening to them telling me what they think is important for the future of America and my knowing full well if I disagree with what they think is important for the future of America, that they are not likely to contribute to me and, therefore, if I have to rely totally on the people with the big money, that I may very well find myself rationalizing that, well, maybe it is not such a bad idea to be for that idea because it is better for me to get elected intact with most of my views in place than it is for me to be pure about this and not be able to run. I think the American people understand.  I may be mistaken, but I believe Dick Clark, a former Senator from Iowa, and I, were the first two to introduce public financing as an idea back in 1974, in the middle of the Watergate scandal, to try to take polluting influence out of the system--I don't think there is an American out there who thinks if they get a chance to come up and lobby me on a particular issue and say, Senator, I sure hope you will vote for this tax cut or that tax cut or vote for or against something, that they have as much influence on me as somebody who walks in having contributed $10,000 to my campaign through two PAC contributions. I wonder what the American people think. I wonder do they think their voice is as easily heard as the rest of those folks.  