 Constitutionally, they cannot be denied access to the schools now. They cannot be denied access. I suspect if one argues that you are going to have to fight your way in, there is the implication a lot of schools are trying to keep the Boy Scouts out.  Second, since Brown v. The Board, you cannot keep black kids from going to school. If we had an amendment that took the language out of Brown, parroted it, as my distinguished colleague from California does, from the 1998 Supreme Court case that sets out this principle--we cannot do this--it means every black child has to spend thousands of dollars to fight their way into the schools.  One of the things that distinguishes the United States of America, when the Supreme Court of the United States speaks clearly, and particularly when the Senate then legislatively parrots the exact language that the Supreme Court uses--guess what. The Americanpeople, even those who do not agree, obey. That is the pattern we have in this country.  The idea that there will be Boy Scouts--and I was a Boy Scout and proud of it; I was an Explorer Scout; I support the Scouts; I will match my merit badges against my colleague's merit badges--Boy Scouts standing with tin cups in front of schools saying, ``We need to raise money to go to Federal court to make sure we can get in,'' is not going to happen. Theoretically, it could happen, just as theoretically today a school in the State of Delaware, or Kansas, could say, ``We will not let black folks in.'' Theoretically, that can happen. Guess what. The black parents have to go to court.  This is as much a threat to the Boy Scouts having to raise millions and millions of dollars as black folks having to raise millions and millions to get access to public schools. There is a constitutional amendment.  My friend--and he knows he is my friend--Senator Helms from North Carolina, has an amendment that I voted against. I think it got pretty well cleaned up by the Byrd amendment, but it has some arcane problems. I will not take the time of Senators and bore them, but the reason it is probably still unconstitutional, although I have no objection to the way it got cleaned up--the reason it is arguably still unconstitutional is it is not content neutral because--and this is a constitutional principle--we will deny a school district funds--money--if in fact they discriminate, they violate the Constitution, by not letting in Boy Scouts or like organizations that determine their leadership based on criteria that are their own, to which others may object.  The problem with that is, technically, constitutionally, it does not include every group in the world. It does not include every group in the world. It is no longer viewpoint neutral. It says we are only going to penalize school districts that discriminate against one type of organization as opposed to all. I know that is not my friend's intention, but that is why the amendment is still probably flawed, although I am willing to take a chance on it.  As I said to my friend from California, I am not sure this amendment is needed. I will support it. I think we all should support it. All we are doing is supporting the Supreme Court decision.  On this idea that we have to go further, then it seems to me you should say, okay, we will cut off all moneys to all schools that violate the Supreme Court's rulings that you are not allowed to have organized prayer. How about that one? Does anybody want to sign up on that one? Same folks who want to sign up on this want to sign up on that? I don't think so. I don't think we will have people running across the aisle saying, look, if that school district or that school allowed organized prayer--and I am not opposed to prayer, obviously, but that is what the Supreme Court said, in a Supreme Court decision.  What is done if a school violates the decision? Bring an action. Very few schools violate. But to make the Helms amendment content neutral--and I did not want to start playing games, and I know occasionally it is suggested I am too constitutional. The mistake I make is I teach constitutional law. My mother would say a little bit of knowledge is a dangerous thing.  The truth is, if you wanted to make the Helms amendment pass constitutional muster, you could arguably say, OK, as long as you do not discriminate, you deny school funds to any school district that violated any constitutional right of anybody. That is why technically it is not constitutional. It doesn't do that. It protects only one viewpoint as opposed to all viewpoints.  I don't want to get into that because the truth is, we all know on this floor, nobody, if we are a private citizen, is going to go home to the school district and say, by the way, I don't like the fact that the Boy Scouts don't allow homosexual Scout leaders so I will go to the school board meeting tomorrow and insist they be blocked access to my school.  This is a bit of a charade. Everybody on the floor supports the Boy Scouts. We may disagree whether they should or should not allow homosexuals to be members. And I think they should. We may disagree on that. But no one disagrees on the ruling of the Supreme Court which says you cannot discriminate against them because the Court ruled it is OK for this organization to say we don't want homosexual Scout leaders. That is what the Supreme Court said. It is OK. I accept that. It is the Supreme Court of the United States of America.  I also accept the fact that the Supreme Court says you cannot discriminate against the Boy Scouts because of the decision they made.  I think it is Kafkaesque. We are arguing about something on which we don't disagree. This is about politics. This is a political game we are playing. It is a joke--who is more Boy Scout. I am as big a Boy Scout as anyone here. We can all compare merit badges and our support for the Boy Scouts. So let's not make a mockery of this thing.  The fact is there is a technical, legal, constitutional argument that the last amendment is unconstitutional. That is the core of the objection of those who voted for it before it got amended. After it has been amended, it is arguably still unconstitutional. I am willing to take a chance on it. I am satisfied to let it go at that.  This clearly is constitutional. This clearly restates what I thought we all want. No school district can deny Boy Scouts access if they have access for anybody.  Again, I conclude by saying the idea this could cost the Boy Scouts millions of dollars I find a bit of a stretch.  I yield the floor.  