Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Idaho for his remarks and his leadership. Let me simply respond by saying last summer, as I indicated during the debate on the last amendment, along with the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Allard, the gentlemen from Texas, Mr. de la Garza, and Mr. Johnson, we sent out a comprehensive questionnaire in regards to research. We asked the researchers and the users what can be done better, how we can spend the $1.7 billion annual commitment to agriculture research and extension to make sure that our producers and consumers will have a competitive and safe food supply in the 21st century?  Now, in addition to the survey, I would tell the gentleman, the House Committee on Agriculture has had the GAO, the General Accounting Office, conduct the first accounting of our Federal agriculture research investment since 1981. The GAO will deliver this report to the committee by the end of next month.  Finally, we have scheduled a series of hearings this March, and plan on producing a comprehensive rewrite of our Federal research program. Unfortunately, I must say the other body has chosen simply to clean around the edges, leaving in place some of our research policies that fail to meet the needs of the agriculture sector as we transition into a free market. That is unacceptable.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Committee on Agriculture in our efforts to modernize the current research program. So, pending our comprehensive legislation on agriculture research when we get to the conference on this bill, I am going to look forward to working with the gentleman in addressing how we can secure the additional funds that we need.  The Senate has something called the Fund for Rural America. The gentleman has talked to me about his suggestions, for suggesting that within the Fund for Rural America, to make sure that some of that money does go to research and the needs of farmers. I look forward to the gentleman's suggestions for change and to working with him to make sure the Fund for Rural America serves farmers and consumer research needs.  I thank the gentleman for his commentary and his leadership.  