Chairman, I rise in support of the bill H.R. 2149, so as to eliminate the regulation by the Federal Maritime Commission [FMC] of manufactured and processed goods including many agricultural food and fiber products.  As I understand it, existing maritime law permits ocean carriers to organize into consortiums, known in the trade as shipping conferences that may collectively fix their rates, set sailing schedules, and make other business arrangements. I am informed that the United States is the only country that maintains a government agency--FMC--to regulate ocean shipping.  The apparent primary purpose of FMC is to collect and enforce thousands of transportation rates and prices--tariffs--and business contracts filed by ocean carriers and make them publicly available.  The Transportation Committee states that a report prepared by the Department of Agriculture in 1993 found that a ``cartel premium'' attributable to conference market power amounts to some 18 percent of the cost of ocean transportation of manufactured or processed agricultural exports.  The Committee on Agriculture for a number of years has enacted legislation urging the Secretary of Agriculture to expand on value-added--high value--processed products so that not only will the United States enhance its dollar value and volume of agricultural exports but also enhance rural development by giving jobs to our domestic work force by processing and adding value to our raw commodities and compete in foreign markets. However, to be competitive we need to diminish or eliminate that 18-percent cost of exporting U.S. value-added products and keep that advantage here in the United States to help our domestic farmers, agricultural industries and laborers.  The following groups, among about 40 or more, that support this bill include American Farm Bureau Federation, American Forest and Paper Association, American Frozen Food Institute, American Meat Institute, Calcat Ltd., Con Agra, Inc., Florida Citrus Packers, National Broiler Council, National Cattlemen's Beef Association, Sun Diamond Growers of California, and Weyerhaeuser Co.  