Chairman, on July 15, 1995, the Secretary of Agriculture wrote to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget indicating that ``since many short- and long-term agricultural planning activities are weather dependent, there exists a need for timely meteorological information to support efficient and cost-effective management decisions.'' On April 1, 1996, against the interests of the agricultural community, the Department of Commerce's National Weather Service terminated the Agricultural Weather Service. As it is currently drafted, I believe H.R. 3322 limits our ability to maintain the accuracy and reliability of weather information which is essential for American farmers.  The collection, quality, and reporting of agricultural weather data should remain a Federal responsibility. Without Federal responsibility to collect and distribute weather data, the specialized forecasts and private sector agricultural weather services may not remain viable. Furthermore, I believe that the private sector has not yet properly demonstrated it is ready to assume responsibility for agricultural weather data collection and dissemination.  The Department of Agriculture is familiar with farming and the collection and dissemination of agricultural weather data. Therefore, I believe that the Department of Agriculture is the most suitable agency for this service. The Department of Agriculture has ongoing relationships with the land-grant colleges and universities, and via the Extension Service can ensure that this information is made available to all producers. Therefore, I would encourage the National Weather Service to work cooperatively with the Department of Agriculture to explore ways to continue to provide agricultural weather data and ultimately transfer this responsibility to the Department of Agriculture.  It is my hope that as Congress continues its work on H.R. 3322, and until such time that action can be taken to transfer the Agricultural Weather Service to the Department of Agriculture, that this important and essential service will be continued through the Department of Commerce. Additionally, funding for this service should continue through Commerce, State, Justice appropriations.  