Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. I say to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Solomon], semper fi.  Mr. Chairman, I do not know of any Member who has worked harder and persevered more and put up with more and received more brickbats for his efforts than Steve Gunderson. I would hope the Chair would not take that very well deserved applause out of my time.  Mr. Chairman, many Members look at this issue with very parochial interests, and that is the nicest way that I can put it. Steve Gunderson loses more cows in his district every year than they have. He has worked harder and longer to achieve true dairy policy reform than anyone else; 10,000 traveled miles to conduct the field hearings.  Now, it is a fact of life, nobody is ever going to be happy or satisfied with any dairy provision. My suggestion is when we go to the conference on dairy, we hold it in Sarajevo.  But the committee language, and I am a little tired of trying to push this rope to try to get all of the dairy regions to work together, but the committee language represents the greatest amount of dairy program reform in its history.  The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stenholm] said it right: In terms of farm income, we increase dairy farmer income by $4 billion. The gentleman from New York [Mr. Solomon] and the gentleman from California [Mr. Dooley] cut dairy income by $3.7, a difference of $7.7 billion.  We save more money. We eliminate two-thirds of the Federal milk marketing orders. With the committee bill, we are able to allow the dairy industry to compete in the international marketplace. It removes butter and powder from price supports immediately. The other folks keep that over a period of time.  The Committee on Agriculture's dairy plan, with its subcommittee chairman, who has worked harder than any other individual on this farm bill that I know, is the clear choice for dairy farmers all throughout the Nation. Please support the committee. Support Mr. Gunderson and the committee's plan.  