Chairman, I am sorry for the delay. I was taking Mr. Livingston's pulse. He seemed to be worked up about the budget. I can get worked up about the budget. I can get worked up about entitlement programs.  But this is not an entitlement program. This is the continuation of a strong difference of opinion between our good friends in the Committee on Appropriations, and let me say at the outset, that we have no better chairman of the Committee on Appropriations that the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Livingston], who has done precisely what he said he has done in regards to getting our discretionary, I emphasize the word discretionary, spending down to reasonable levels. He deserves every accolade in that respect.  But the difference in regard to the LEAP program and the EQUIP program here is that we pay for it. We paid for it out of farm programs payments, out of the CCC fund used by Agriculture that is in the mandatory spending category. That comes under the jurisdiction of the House Committee on Agriculture, and we are cutting those funds dramatically, and in addition to cutting those funds and meeting our budget responsibilities, we also cut them again to provide two vitally needed environmental programs, actually three, EQUIP, LEAP, and the conservation reserve program, and we pay for it.  How do we pay for it? Our farmers know that in facing all of the regulatory overkill and their responsibilities as stewards of the soil, they need programs by which the Federal Government is also in partnership with them to reach our environmental responsibilities and our goals. So we reduced those expenditures. This is paid for, and it is capped. It is capped ever year.  Now, I understand that the gentleman from Louisiana and my good friends on the Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, who do a splendid job for us most of the time, would like to have control over these funds. But, in effect, we have already paid for them out of the farm program benefits that would have gone to farmers.  So we are meeting our budget responsibilities, and we are doing that. And this is the most budget conscious, responsible farm bill that we have ever had. And the program is capped. And we have paid for it, and our farmers have paid for it. It is not a new entitlement. It is a great leap forward, if you will, for the most, for the strongest and the most proenvironmental farm bill that has ever been written.  I would like to at least say I had not expected this kind of a fiscal tirade here this morning, and so if I could be granted some additional time through my friend from New York, I would like to say something positive about the legislation.  This has been a very difficult time, a difficult amendment, but it has been worked out through the diligence of my committee colleague, the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Barrett], and my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Boehlert], and many others, the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Peterson], on that side of the aisle, myself, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Emerson], and many members of the Committee on Agriculture as a means of addressing several important positive environmental programs. It is a capstone to a truly environmental farm bill.  Under the freedom to farm concept, which is the foundation, we really free farmers from the restrictions of 50 years of federally mandated mono-agriculture. American agriculture will be more environmentally friendly. Our farmers will be free to respond to market signals. They will now be able to rotate their crops and instead of planting the same crop time after time after time after time to protect their acreage base in order to get the Government subsidy, they will follow the market signals and what they should be doing in regard to their environmental responsibilities. That means fewer pesticides. That means less fertilizer. And it means more integrated farm management.  Now, past environmental programs have impacted only a few million acres. Every one of the environmental programs that we have heard about in this Congress before have been piecemeal. Under the freedom to farm bill, we will encourage sound conservation and environmentally positive activity on 300 million acres of U.S. farmlands. That is good for all Americans, and it is also good for the farmer and rancher.  I could go down a long list of environmental and wildlife groups that support this amendment and that also understand it is fiscally responsible because we do pay for it. We have the Farm Bureau, Meat Institute, Sheep Industry Association, Soybean Association, Equipment Manufacturers' Institute. And I will make this part of the Record.  In this regard, these are the organizations that support the conservation reserve program, and I certainly want to thank also the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Pete Geren] for his efforts in this regard.  But the conservation reserve program has been a monumental success. It reduces soil erosion. It improves the surface and ground water quality on environmentally sensitive lands. It sets aside huge blocks of land in the Great Plains and cornbelt for wildlife habitat. We have economic studies that generally have concluded that the CRP has provided public benefits totaling $12.5 billion since 1985, when the CRP was enacted. That is $8.6 billion for fish and wildlife, $3.1 billion in water quality improvements, $1.3 billion in soil productivity, and a half a billion dollars in benefits generally caused by wind erosion. So it is a plus. As well as paying for this, there is a positive benefit.  So this amendment assures the continuation of these benefits and will improve our Nation's water quality.  Now, under the terms of the compromise amendment offered today by the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Barrett] and the gentleman from New York [Mr. Boehlert], the CRP will be continued at its current level of 36.4 million acres. I think I have extolled the virtues of the CRP program enough for Members.  I want to say finally, Mr. Chairman, the amendment does establish a few environmental quality incentive program, or EQUIP, for livestock men and other agriculture producers. This new program is similar to the one adopted by the other body. We have cost share and incentive payments made to producers for structural and land management practices.  Let me just say this: This is the strongest proenvironment farm bill ever passed in this Congress. Under freedom to farm, the farmer will not longer be trapped into monoagricul- ture, putting the seed in the ground to protect his acreage base in order to receive the deficiency payment or the subsidy payments. He has the flexibility. It means less pesticides, less fertilizer, a proenvironment farm bill. It also locks in the ability of farmers to participate in their conservation compliance plan for 7 years.  Otherwise, if you extend the current farm bill, they will probably get out of the farm program, and there is no conservation compliance. Then we have the three programs: the conservation reserve program, EQUIP, and LEAP. They are all good programs, and they are paid for, and they are capped, and it is out of the mandatory fund.  So I know, while the argument of the gentleman from Louisiana can be very, very persuasive in his efforts to reduce our budget exposure, we have already paid for this, Mr. Chairman, lock, stock, and barrel. It is capped, and there will be no more money spent on a so-called entitlement program that is permitted in this program.  As I have said, our farmers have already sacrificed their program benefits to pay for these environmental programs.  