Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I am one of the strongest supporters of agriculture research in the Congress. Since early last year, I, along with the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Allard, the distinguished chairman emeritus of the Committee on Agriculture, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. de la Garza, and Mr. Johnson have been conducting a comprehensive review of research programs which aim to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the more than $1.7 billion that we now spend on research.  During a time when we are trying to balance the Federal budget and ensure what money we do have is spent wisely, basically what the gentleman from California is proposing is that we spend an additional $2 billion on a new entitlement program without the benefit of a single hearing to discuss how well we are using the $1.7 billion we were already spending.  We are going to continue this review of ag research with our very strong support. After all, our farmers and ranchers must be provided the competitive advantage through research to compete in the global marketplace. We will have a series of hearings, which we have scheduled to begin in 2 weeks. Immediately after these hearings, the committee will proceed with marking up comprehensive reform legislation. We are going to focus on priority setting, revitalizing our research programs and underscoring the strong support, bipartisan support in regards to research.  Now, let me get to the gentleman's comments in regards to freedom to farm. As we have said before, this bill establishes hopefully a market transition from the command and control style of government support to the free market through a series of fixed and declining payments. We have come from $56 billion in regards to the agriculture baseline for farm program payments to $43 billion, to $38 billion, to $36 billion. That is a tremendous decline. We are meeting our budget responsibilities, 50 percent less in terms of market transition payments as compared to the last 5 years. But the gentleman wants to take another $2 billion from farm income, direct farm income to producers, to agriculture research prior to the comprehensive review of the research programs that we have on the books.  The passage of the Dooley amendment, quite frankly, is a killer amendment to freedom to farm. It upsets the process. These payments are declining most rapidly. The income outlook is most uncertain. The gentleman calls it a welfare payment. Again, I think anybody that describes any farm program as a welfare payment does a disservice to agriculture and his constituency. These are not welfare payments. These are declining market transition payments. The farmer has to observe a conservation compliance plan that is most costly, and the gentleman is just dead wrong in his description of what has happened.  So this is a killer amendment. I urge opposition to it. And I would say to the gentleman that I have tried my very best to be of help to the gentleman when he has wanted more investment in the market promotion program. I have tried to be of the greatest amount of help possible in regards to the research capability of the wine industry in California. I was just out there. And we have tried to be of help to the gentleman in regards to the cotton program, and we had very damaging amendments. On the whole total subject of research we have tried to be of help. We worked with the gentleman in regards to USDA reorganization.  I must say to the gentleman, without any consultation, without any conversation in regards to the Committee on Agriculture chair, this amendment sprung out of nowhere, was made in order and is a killer amendment to the total package of the farm program.  I would appreciate it in the future if the gentleman has an amendment of this nature, he would visit with the chair and, as he can indicate, I have a little personal interest in this particular situation, I will continue to help the gentleman on these other matters.  I urge opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  