 Madam Chairman, I think it is obvious that we all know that welfare reform is a front-burner topic, not only on this floor in this town, but certainly all throughout the Nation, and the American people want change.  I think the House of Representatives has responded to the American public. I believe that real welfare reform is represented in the bill that is being considered today. This bill represents real change.  I want to congratulate the members on the Committee on Agriculture and all Members who have worked so diligently on reforming the Food Stamp Program. That is the part of welfare reform for which the Committee on Agriculture is responsible. The very first hearing held by me and my Republican majority in the committee was on enforcement in the Food Stamp Program, and following that hearing, the chairman of the subcommittee, our late and beloved colleague, Mr. Bill Emerson, held four hearings on the Food Stamp Program. Bill was an expert in regard to the Food Stamp Program.  From the testimony received in these hearings, the committee formulated the principles that really guided our reform. The bill being debated today simply reflects those principles.  First, keep the Food Stamp Program, that was a tough fight, as a safety sunset so that food can be provided as a basic need while States are undergoing the transition to State-designated welfare programs.  Second, second principle, to harmonize welfare and the Food Stamp Program for families receiving benefits from both programs, not on a separate track. We streamlined that.  Third, take the Food Stamp Program off of automatic pilot. Started out 12 years ago at about $12 billion, went up to $27 billion and was ever increasing.  Fourth, able-bodied participants, able-bodied participants without dependents must work in private sector jobs.  Lastly, tighten controls on waste and abuse. Out of the $27 billion in the Food Stamp Program, estimated by the new Inspector General at the Department of Agriculture, anywhere from $3 billion to $5 billion is now going to fraud and abuse. So we are tightening those controls, and we curb the trafficking with increased penalties.  Now that is real reform. It is essentially the same bill that was approved by the House on December 21, last year, by a vote of 245 to 178. One significant exception, the food stamp funding cap is eliminated.  Now, that cap was eliminated as a concession to and at the request of the National Governors' Association, the Clinton administration, and the Secretary of Agriculture. We sat down and we worked with all of these folks. Food stamp reforms still include measures to control the cost of the Food Stamp Program, however.  The bill represents sound policy. The program is retained as a Federal safety net. States are allowed to harmonize their AFDC and Food Stamp programs. As I indicated, the food stamps are taken off of automatic pilot, except for the annual food benefit increases; able-bodied persons without dependents must work; and there are increased penalties for trafficking and fraud.  It is a good package. Through the reforms in this bill, the committee will meet its target under the 1997 budget resolution. But, first and foremost, we reform the program.  Last April, the Clinton administration submitted its welfare reform bill. There are many similarities between the two bills, since we adopted many of the USDA proposals and they in turn adopted many of ours. A review indicates that 55 percent of the provisions are identical; 72 percent are either identical or very similar--72 percent in agreement with the USDA and the Clinton administration. We worked hard to do that.  There are some differences. We take the Food Stamp Program off of automatic pilot for all but annual food increases. If needed, we can come back in; we can appropriate the funds, and the administration bill does not.  We have a strong work requirement. We expect able-bodies persons, no dependents, between the ages of 18 and 50 to work or be in a training program after 4 months of food stamp benefits. The administration's work requirement, as far as I am concerned, is very weak. We allow States to operate work supplementation programs and the administration does not.  This program now provides benefits to an average of 27 million people each month at an annual cost of more than $26 billion. Everybody should agree that for the most part these benefits go to families in need of help and are used to buy food. There is no question in my mind that the Food Stamp Program helps poor people and those who have temporary fallen on hard times. However, there is also no question in my mind that the program is in need of real reform.  As I have indicated, this bill reflects the principle that the Food Stamp Program should remain a Federal program. States will be undergoing a transition to State-designed welfare programs. During this period, this Food Stamp Program will remain as a safety net and be able to provide food as a basic need. The program will remain at the Federal level and equal access to food for every American in need is still ensured.  Now, I mentioned we had taken the program off of automatic pilot except for the annual increases. The food stamp deductions are kept at the current levels instead of being adjusted automatically. Food stamp benefits will increase to reflect the increases in the cost of food. Food stamp spending will no longer grow out of control. Out of control: 1984, $12.4 billion, 232.4 million people participating; 1996, $26.4 billion, 27.5. Under this bill, 1997, $26 billion; by the year 2002, $30.4 billion. It increases, does not decrease.  It is a transition, but we stop that annual growth increase. If the economy goes down, food stamps went up. If the economy went up, food stamp spending went up and the participants went up.  The food stamp deductions, as I have indicated, are kept at the current levels, and as I have indicated, the spending will certainly no longer grow out of control. Oversight from the Committee on Agriculture is essential so that when reforms are needed, why, the committee will act.  I want to talk about the strong work program. Again, able-bodied persons between the ages of 18 and 50 years, no dependents, will be able to receive food stamps for 4 months. Eligibility will cease at the end of this period if they are not working at least 20 hours per week in a regular job. The rule will not apply to those who are in training programs such as approved by a Governor of a State.  A State may request a waiver of these rules if the unemployment rates are high or there is a lack of jobs in the area. Please remember that. We are not heartless. We just expect able-bodied people between 18 and 50 who have no one relying upon them to work at least half the time if they want to continue to receive the food stamps.  It is essential to begin to restore integrity to the program. Incidences of fraud and abuse and losses are steadily increasing. The public has lost confidence in the program. There are frequent reports in the press and on national television in regard to abuse. We held the hearing in the House Committee on Agriculture. The Inspector General of the Department, the new Inspector General, Roger Viadero, came down from the Department, showed on television the massive fraud in many food centers that were not food centers, they were trafficking centers for organized crime.  Abuse of the program usually occurs in three ways: Fraudulent receipt of benefits by recipients; street trafficking in food stamps by recipients; and trafficking offenses made by retail and wholesale grocers. We double the disqualification periods for food stamp participants who intentionally defraud the program. First offense, the period is changed to 1 year. Second offense, the disqualification period is changed to 2 years. And then if you are convicted of trafficking food stamps with a value over $500, adios, you are permanently disqualified.  As I have indicated, the trafficking by unethical wholesale and retail food stores is a serious problem, had it on tape, national television, sickened the American public, not fair to the recipient, not fair to the taxpayer. Also, benefits Congress appropriates for needy families are going to others who are making money from the program. Therefore, the bill limits the authorization period for stores and provides the Secretary of Agriculture with other means to ensure that only those stores abiding by the rules are authorized to accept food stamps. It is amazing that that was not changed before.  Finally, the bill includes a provision that all property used to traffic in food stamps and the proceeds traceable to any property used to traffic in food stamps will be subject to criminal forfeiture. They have to give it up.  This bill and the Committee on Agriculture's contribution to the bill, I think, represents good policy. We have kept the Food Stamp Program as a safety net for families in need of food. We have taken the program off of automatic pilot. We save $23 billion. Congress is back in control of spending on food stamps. States are provided with an option to harmonize food stamps with their new AFDC programs. We take steps to restore integrity to the Food Stamp Program by giving law enforcement and the Department additional means to curtail fraud and abuse. We encourage and facilitate the EBT programs. We begin a strong work program, again, so that able-bodied people, no dependents, between the ages of 18 and 50 years can receive food stamps for a limited amount of time without working.  This represents good food stamp policy and reform. I hope all Members will agree with me and support this bill.  Madam Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  