Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me, and I thank my colleagues for their reluctant attention.  Mr. Speaker, in a year that has been described by many as one of gridlock and finger-pointing and wheel-spinning and even-numbered year partisan rhetoric, we are about to achieve a remarkable accomplishment. This House and the Senate, and now finally the President, have responded to the American public. Simply put, this conference report represents real accomplishment, real welfare reform.  We urged the President to sign this conference report. He has. There are good reasons why. Seventy-five percent of the food stamp reforms in this conference report represent the same things that were proposed by this administration. I do not care whether we are talking about budget savings, the work requirement, the program simplification, the tougher penalties for fraud and abuse, or keeping the program at the Federal level as we go through the welfare reform transition. We have tried to work with the administration. We have done that. The President will sign the bill.  Mr. Speaker, this road has not been easy. We have been working in this House for 18 months. The very first hearing held by me in the Committee on Agriculture was on fraud and abuse, and the critical and urgent need for reform of the Food Stamp Program. The new Inspector General at the Department of Agriculture showed a videotape of organized crime members trading food stamps for cash, and eventually using that cash for drugs and guns. That tape made national news, and it confirmed the suspicions of many taxpayers and citizens.  Following that hearing, our late colleague and dear friend, the chairman of the subcommittee, Bill Emerson, held four extensive hearings and formulated the principles that guided the reform that is now before us.  First, the original Republican plan was to make sure that as we go through welfare reform, no one would go hungry, that we would keep a reformed Food Stamp Program as a safety net so food can and will be provided while States are undergoing this transition.  Second, we wanted to eliminate as much paperwork and redtape and regulation as possible. We wanted to harmonize the welfare and the Food Stamp Program requirements. This bill does that.  Third, having seen the program costs soar from $12 to $27 billion in 10 years, regardless of how the economy has performed, we wanted to take the program off of automatic pilot. We have done that.  Fourth, the food stamps must not be a disincentive to work. In this bill, able-bodied participants, those from ages of 18 to 50 with no dependents, no kids, no children, only the able-bodied, these folks, less than 2 percent of those on food stamps, they must work in private sector jobs and not be rewarded for not working.  Fifth, after hearing firsthand from the Inspector General, we tightened the controls on waste and abuse. We stopped the trafficking with increased and tough penalties.  Mr. Speaker, these principles do represent real reform of the Food Stamp Program. All are incorporated in the conference agreement. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''  I want to thank my colleagues for a tremendous team effort, more especially the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Kasich], more especially the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Archer], more especially the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Goodling], and more especially, underscored three times, the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Shaw], who said the work we have accomplished is significant. We have true reform. We have a real welfare reform bill. But now the work really starts. This bill is not perfect. We have a lot ahead of us and a lot of challenges. I urge a ``yes'' vote on the conference report.  