Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time and for his effort and leadership. As has been indicated many times, there is a picture of Bill Emerson when he was a page in the Republican cloakroom leading the way in regards to assisting the wounded Members that were shot back in 1955, and he has been leading the way ever since.  We have had a virtual outpouring of affection and love for Bill here on the floor, as was the case a week ago Wednesday when the Jefferson Island Club, made up of many Members on both sides, named Bill their man of the year.  I think the word that really applies to Bill more than anything else is courage. I know the gentleman from California [Mr. Hunter] and myself were there when he took that very courageous step to go to the Betty Ford Center, and he has been such a leader and has exhibited even more courage in such a manner to those, as expressed by the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Ramstad].  Bill was a back rail troop, as has been indicated by the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Volkmer, and the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Talent, and others. He would be back there as of today probably saying this is going on a little too much. In that regard, we had many discussions about Eisenhower and Taft and Lincoln and politics and Kansas and Missouri and family and everything else.  We are family in the House Committee on Agriculture, and we said this as of last Monday, ``We suffered a deep loss both professionally and personally at the passing of our dear friend and colleague, Bill Emerson.''  From a personal standpoint, we came to Congress together back in 1981. We have served side-by-side on the Committee on Agriculture ever since. Four farm bills, countless legislative battles, he has been a unique champion for farmers and ranchers.  The gentleman from Texas [Mr. de la Garza] the distinguished chairman emeritus of the Committee on Agriculture, has a statement as well, but I think it is interesting that at 1:30 in the morning when we finally finished the farm bill, Bill did not comment on some of the amendments, he did not comment on the farm bill, but when it came time to pay tribute to Mr. de la Garza, the longest serving chairman of the Committee on Agriculture, Bill got up, and even though he was sick and had lost his voice, he paid tribute to Kika It was at that time that I turned and said, Bill Emerson, we love you.  Something has already been said about his motto for living. It was only a week ago Thursday he was sitting right over there looking very much like Winston Churchill, and he was in the process of making all those votes, and he got this quorum call card and he gave it to me, and as has been said before, he wrote on it, ``Roberts, I want you to be strong to endure and resolute to overcome.'' How many Members did he say that to? It is what the Prince of Wales said to the troops prior to World War I, and I have kept it. I have kept it ever since and I will keep it.  My colleagues, Helen Steiner Rice said this on such occasions.       When I must leave you for a little while, please go on      bravely with a gallant smile. And for my sake and in my name,      live on and do all things the same. Spend not your life in      empty days, but fill each waking hour in useful ways. Reach      out your hand in comfort and in cheer, and I in turn will      comfort you and hold you near.  That is Bill Emerson. God bless you, Bill, and we miss you.  