 Madam Chairman, I rise in opposition to the substitute and for real welfare reform, and I want to take time tothank the gentlewoman for the splendid and fair job that she is doing in presiding over a controversial issue, but a very important issue.  There have been many speeches over the past 2 days, 2 years, for that matter, and there has been quite a bit of talk about what is compassionate, what is caring, what is humane, what is inhumane about welfare reform.  Well, let us apply these markers to the Food Stamp Program. Now, that is the provision of the part of welfare reform that comes under the jurisdiction of the House Committee on Agriculture and to a great extent has been ignored in this debate.  Does it help the poor to run a program that has no work requirements? What is compassionate about running a program so rife with abuse and mismanagement that the public has lost faith in food stamps? How does it benefit the needy to run a program that the Department of Agriculture's own inspector general says is overrun with instances of trafficking food stamps for guns and drugs?  Evidence of those abuses, by the way, became national news on television as a result of the first hearing held by the Committee on Agriculture at the beginning of this Congress.  That is not compassion. That is not caring. Those are failures and they are failures of the current system that we address and reform in the committee bill.  Now, let me address another recurring part of this debate, and that is the gridlock or the inability of the Congress and the President to reach a compromise. We have worked with the Department of Agriculture, we have worked with the administration and we have reached accord on many items, 72 percent, in regards to this bill.  I respect the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Castle] and the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Tanner]. They are two fine Members, with unimpeachable integrity, and I respect their views. But there are significant differences. The substitute does not structurally reform the Food Stamp Program. It achieves much of its savings by cutting food stamp benefits, and then in later years reintroduces something called indexing. That is not real reform.  Now, we have also heard much debate, especially from the administration, in reference to strong work requirements. My colleagues should know the substitute's work program actually costs $25 million more than current law. Current law. This substitute's work requirement is hollow, hollow because it does not apply, does not apply if a State does not provide every covered individual a position in a work training program. That is not a real work requirement, that is government make-work.  Our bill requires that able-bodied persons between the ages of 18 and 50, who have no dependents, may receive food stamps now for up to 3 months, and then the person is disqualified from food stamps unless they work for 20 hours a week or participate in a work program.  Who are we talking about? Two percent of the people that receive food stamps. Two-tenths of 1 percent of the population, able-bodied.  Now, let us talk about something that should be talked about regarding this debate, and that is the spending that has been out of control. This program has been on automatic pilot. It went from $10 billion to $27 billion in 10 years. If the economy improved, it went up. If the economy went bad, we would expect it to go up.  Our bill actually cuts the standard deduction provided to all applications below current levels to achieve savings. But then it goes back to indexing, the very cause of past runaway spending. Our bill takes the Food Stamp Program off of automatic pilot by keeping the deductions at current rates, but allowing the food stamp benefits to be adjusted to reflect the changes in the cost of food. Food stamps. We adjust the cost of food. That is simply basic.  Let us talk about unique and innovative work programs. True compassion. The substitute does not allow States to operate work support programs, our bill does, programs in which public assistance is provided to employers who hire recipients and then are used to pay part of the wages. Hiring, employers, wages: Real work. That allows food stamp recipients to gain the experience of working in real jobs to earn a paycheck.  Our bill allows certain States to pay cash in lieu of food stamp benefits to a household if a member of the household works in a nonsubsidized job for 90 days, earns at least $350 a month, and is eligible to receive welfare. My colleagues, that is incentive. That is not disincentive, that is incentive to work.  Now, let us talk about the real difference in these bills, and that is how our savings are achieved. Our bill is focused on making fundamental structural reforms, at the same time a careful and conscious decision was made to preserve the food assistance levels that are currently available.  The substitute, which relies on the proposals of the Clinton administration, preserves the failed structure of the old Food Stamp Program. Castle-Tanner achieves their savings by significantly cutting the benefit levels for the poor. Sixty percent of the savings in this substitute are derived from cuts in the current food assistance program.  In other words, saving the old failed system is so important that they would rather take food from the mouths of food stamp recipients today than make the needed changes to the structure of the program. We preserve the existing benefit levels. We make the needed reforms in the structure of the program.  If we are going to be compassionate and caring and humane, defeat the substitute and adopt the committee bill. Truly reform the Food Stamp Program.  