Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, well, there he goes again. I think every farmer and rancher in America would prefer and agree with the goal of the gentleman from Massachusetts. It is just that the road he is taking will certainly put the farmer and rancher in the ditch, as well as a majority in the House and Senate. It is time to change our farm program policy. I know that. Everyone knows that.  We have to move away from what we call the command and control policies. We have to meet our budget responsibilities. It is time to give farmers the ability to respond to market signals. That is what we are trying to do to environmental signals--let me get back to the environment in just a minute--and the diversification to get us out of mono-agriculture to free up the farmer to get him into diversified agriculture without having first to get permission from Washington.  But the gentleman's amendment retains the current target price deficiency payment. It is a restricted system. Anybody that has closely inspected the current farm program knows in wheat country, for instance, we have not had a setaside requirement for 5 years. So the supply management rationale that has served us well in the past certainly does not apply here.  The gentleman reduces target prices 4 percent per year through the year 2002. I do not know about President Reagan. I remember when President Reagan was President and Mrs. Stockman's very brilliant son, David, was the OMB Director. I remember a joint effort on the part of both Democrats and Republicans to try to not only meet our budget responsibilities but to do so in a bipartisan and salutary manner. I do not think it can all be applied in regard to President Reagan.  The gentleman's amendment terminates the target price and the marketing loan mechanism for all commodities in 2003. It does not provide any incentive in terms of flexibility, which is the other side of the coin. If you reduce the farm program payments or the market transition payments, you give the farmer the freedom to plant.  I want to quarrel with the gentleman's description that there is no work requirement. In the first place, these payments are roughly half what has been provided in the past 5 years. In the second place, there is a conservation compliance requirement. When the farmer and his banker, his lender, sit down and say in the next 7 years I know precisely what I am going to get in regard to assistance from the Federal Government to enable us to make this market transition, there is a requirement there. There is a responsibility. You have to have the responsibility of really putting forth or participating in your conservation compliance plan. That is costly. It costs money. It costs a lot of money. But we are the stewards of the soil. We know that in terms of our responsibilities in reference to the farm program.  No farmer is going to comply with conservation compliance and go through all those costs in the strongest environmental bill we have had in the history of farm programs and then walk away from it. No farmer going through the terrible difficulty we are going through in the high plains with wind blowing and prairie fires and high prices and no crops is going to put the seed in the ground simply because of this payment. He is going to farm. Farmers farm.  Talk to the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stenholm] in regard to the weather stress and the infestation and what we are going through in terms of farm country. And in terms of when the payment is made, for goodness sake, 15 bushel of wheat at $5, and we are in a world of trouble in Kansas, 45 bushel of wheat at $3; and then we pay them a deficiency payment? We are better off under the old system.  We want to talk about saying oh, people do not live there on their farms? It is true that some of our more senior farmers somewhere moved to the county seat, and it is true they have rented out their ground. It is true that perhaps their son and daughter are farming. Big woop. I mean, that landlord has to share part of the risk of farming. If you take that away in terms of these payments, look at what will happen with the capitalized land values, look at what will happen in terms of investment in farm ground. We would be in a recession immediately.  So I guess in summing up, I would simply say to the gentleman from Massachusetts, who I have admired for many years for his eloquency, his sense of humor and pertinence, and maybe impertinence on some issues, and his friendship, that what he has basically done is just taken the current farm program and reduced it with no flexibility, and we have not reformed anything.  I do quarrel with his description in terms of the work requirement and in terms of the landlord-tenant relationship which would be completely discombobulated under his plan. I recognize his intention, and I share his view in regard to the entitlement programs in reference to AFDC, welfare reform, food stamps, et cetera, et cetera. We need to do better and we should.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  