Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1627, the Food Quality Protection Act, represents nearly a decade of effort to modernize the Federal pesticide regulatory system. Today the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Commerce will accomplish what many thought simply could not be done; that is, successful consideration on the floor of a pesticide reform bill.  Mr. Speaker, this bill has been cosponsored by over 240 Members. This bill was made possible by a recognition from all sides of the debate that the proper use of safe pesticides is a critical element in protecting public health and ensuring a safe, abundant, and affordable food supply for our American consumers. To that end, H.R. 1627 does provide wide latitude for the Environmental Protection Agency to adapt its regulatory system to meet the constantly improving scientific information that is available.  H.R. 1627 reforms the outdated Delaney clause to allow modern science, rather than arbitrary rules, to be used in evaluating pesticide risks and benefits. Just as important, because the new standard will be narrative rather than specific, this legislation will allow the regulatory process to be adjusted as scientific risks and benefit assessments simply progress.  H.R. 1627 also provides additional incentives to register new, safer pesticides through new authorities that allow the EPA to streamline the pesticide registration procedures, including antimicrobial pesticides.  In addition, the bill provides several incentives for interested parties who wish to pursue the registration of so-called ``minor use'' pesticides to ensure their availability in critical public health and agricultural use situations.  This bill requires the Federal Government to fully consider any special risk to infants and children in regulatory actions. Specifically, when there is not enough reliable data on the risks to infants and children submitted to support the setting of a food tolerance, the bill provides the EPA administrator the flexibility to adjust a pesticide food tolerance to ensure that infants and children are indeed safe.  In the National Academy of Sciences report, Pesticides in the Diets of Infants and Children, the NAS highlighted the EPA's current practice of applying an additional tenfold safety factor to the established thousandfold safety margin in order to ensure safety for fetal development. In addition, the bill does provide the EPA the additional flexibility to apply a safety factor of less than ten-fold if the administrator determines such a level will be safe for infants and for children.  To further protect infants and children, the bill requires the EPA, the Department of Agriculture, and the FDA to coordinate their efforts to collect accurate dietary information on the eating patterns of U.S. consumers of all ages to ensure the EPA has reliable data from which to make rational science-based regulatory decisions.  H.R. 1627 also provides the EPA the resources necessary to continue the long-delayed reregistration of existing pesticides. Over the next 5 years the EPA administrator is authorized to collect up to $76 million in reregistration fees from the pesticide industry to help the agency meet the task of completing the reviewing of the data of pesticides registered prior to 1985. To ensure these funds are used only for the reregistration program and to enable Congress to meet its oversight responsibilities relative to the program goals, this legislation requires a stringent annual financial and performance audit of the monies collected and appropriated for the reregistration program.  Everyone involved in this legislation had made significant compromises to reach the goal of passing a valuable reform, a critical reform of pesticide law. As we near the finish line, it is important to commend everyone involved on both committees in Congress and many others for the hard work that certainly brings us to this point.  I personally would like to mention the contributions of our former colleague and the former Secretary of Agriculture, the late Edward Madigan; our former colleague, the late Mr. Bill Emerson of Missouri; the chairman emeritus of the House Committee on Agriculture, the gentleman from Texas Mr. Kika de la Garza, the godfather of this entire effort; the gentleman from Texas, Mr. George Brown; the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Stenhom, who has been a valuable help to us down through the years; the gentleman from California, Mr. Condit; the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Commerce, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Bliley; Mr. Bruce, a former colleague from Illinois; Mr. Lehman, a former colleague from California, and Mr. Rowland, a former colleague from Georgia.  The ultimate success of this reform will rest with the professionalism and the common sense of the Environmental Protection Agency. Congress will be watching closely as we try to implement these reforms. We will, to ensure that science, not emotion, is the basis of the pesticide regulation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. de la GARZA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, it has been a long time in coming. I am speaking of the amendment to FIFRA and the food and drug law. Today we have a package before this House that makes amendment to how we regulate pesticides, and it is on the suspension calendar. It is hard to believe that we have come all this way.  Mr. Speaker, let me echo appreciation to all of those Chairman Roberts has mentioned as having worked on this effort. I would like to add only our former colleague from Iowa, Mr. Berkley Bedell, who diligently worked on this issue and had it almost to the brink of passage at one time.  Mr. Speaker, I have no objections to the present bill. However, I have concerns about how it will be implemented. One of the biggest hurdles, if not the biggest, to getting where we are today has been the infamous or famous Delaney clause.  Whatever one's perspective might be, the Delaney clause was a political outgrowth of the public's fear in the 1950's of the disease that was being increasingly diagnosed: cancer. Americans were facing this mysterious killer more frequently. Interestingly, at the same time medicine was improving and physicians were diagnosing more cancer. Today we have the capability to measure to parts per trillion. There is no justifiable reason for a test based on zero tolerance like we have with the Delaney clause.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to mention that all of the areas that have been covered by the chairman of the committee, minor use crop protection, antimicrobial pesticide registration reform, and public health pesticides, were all very diligently and studiously worked on by members of the Committee on Agriculture.  I would like to commend our friends from the Committee on Commerce, the chairman, the ranking member, and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health and Environment, for all the work they have done, and for their diligence in seeing that the needs of society are met to the extent that it is possible.  I have always maintained, Mr. Speaker, that Americans enjoy the safest, least expensive, and most abundant food supply in the world and that legislation is the art of the possible. We are here with that, with what is possible. It is not perfect. This is what could be agreed upon. Probably in the future it might be further looked at, but for now it is the extent of what is possible, considering all of the areas of concern. To all of those from the Committee on Commerce, we commend them and appreciate their work and cooperation.  Mr. Speaker, commending my colleagues from the Commerce Committee on the work that they have done, I yield half of my time, 10 minutes, to the gentleman from California [Mr. Waxman], and I ask unanimous consent he be permitted to control that time. He was chairman of the subcommittee and did tremendous work, and now is the ranking member of that committee.  