Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  In the recent past I was the ranking Republican member serving on the House-Senate Joint Committee on Printing. That is the congressional entity with oversight of the GPO's operation. I have been over there many times and talked with many employees and many of the administrative folks down there as well. I think the basic problem here is the financial loss. In 1991, as has been stated in the debate, when the GPO lost $1.2 million, 1992 losses began to increase to $5.2 million; in 1994, losses topped out at $21.8 million. Even during this fiscal year, the GPO has already lost $13 million. Only the Federal Government, it seems to me, would continue to run an agency at a total loss to the taxpayer. There is a lot of red ink down there, we have to fix it.  The first question that comes to mind is, where does all the money go in regard to the GPO? Every study that we have had in regard to this operation says about 80 percent of all the GPO costs are dedicated to personnel costs.  Now, the second question that comes to mind is this: Why is so much money being lost? Well, I do not think we can blame the employees. That is not the intent. They are doing their jobs and they are doing them well, for that matter. Rather, it is the advanced technology that has been discussed on the floor in this regard and the move toward something called electronic printing that has changed the way that the GPO does business.  The entire Government is using less paper and shifting to on-line services to gather and disperse information. The traditional customers of the GPO are simply turning to these alternatives to get their information much more quickly and in a cost-efficient manner. This amendment simply reflects the future of government as dictated by technology and as demanded by taxpayers. That is what the amendment is about. With this trend continuing toward less paper and more reliance on web sites and CD-ROM's, we will need fewer people to produce the government documents.  I have said many times in the last few years, at many hearings, the world is changing and the GPO must change as well. While I recognize and appreciate the efforts of the GPO, I believe we must continue to guide the GPO down the path to a smaller, more efficient Government. We have a responsibility to the taxpayer to reduce costs, just as all of the printing businesses on America's Main Streets do in the same situation.  I would point out that last year this amendment or a very similar amendment received bipartisan support and the vote was 293-129. It reduced the FTE's by 350. That was down from 3,900 to 3,550. Then 250 FTE's were restored in conference. I believe the final conference version simply brought the FTE count to 3,800.  So, first we achieved the reform, and then it is taken away in conference. First we make the cuts, which are reasonable cuts, by a vote of 293 to 129. Then 250 are restored in conference. So we really did not even do what the House voted for in the last session of Congress. This has nothing to do about employees, nothing to do about the good work at the GPO. It is advanced technology and the way the Government does its job in regard to that technology.  So I am very happy to cosponsor the amendment on behalf of the gentlewoman from Washington [Ms. Dunn] and also my colleague from Wisconsin. I urge its support.  