Speaker, as a cofounder and former chairman of the Rural Health Care Coalition, I rise in support of this bill. I thank Mr. Archer, Mr. Bliley, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Goodling, and Mr. Hastert for their leadership and perseverance.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the conference report to H.R. 3103, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. This bill includes sensible, workable provisions to expand access to affordable health care insurance for America's families.  This legislation is especially important to my constituents in Kansas. Ten percent of Kansans lack any form of health insurance. These folks are generally small business owners or self-employed farmers and ranchers. This bill takes several steps to bring relief to these individuals and their families by expanding their insurance options.  first, this legislation will make health insurance portable. Under H.R. 3103, the 4 million Americans who are staying in their jobs just to maintain their health insurance benefits will finally be free to pursue other opportunities. This ``job lock'' is a real problem for not only the employer and the employee, but also for the economy. Today, too many working parents are afraid to pursue new opportunities, start a new career or become an entrepreneur because they don't want to lose the health insurance they now have.  Second, this legislation will limit the preexisting condition requirements that currently prevent 21 million Americans from getting health insurance coverage. I have heard horror story after horror story about families that have lost everything just because their insurance company won't cover Dad with his heart condition or the new baby who was born with diabetes.  Third, this legislation will make health insurance affordable. Individuals who lose coverage through their employer will now be able to purchase affordable health insurance on their own. This legislation will also bring some well-deserved relief by increasing the tax deduction for health insurance for self-employed individuals, including the small business owners, farmers, and ranchers in Kansas, from the current 30 percent to 80 percent. This increase in deductibility is something that my colleagues and I on the Rural Health Care Coalition have been working toward for years.  Finally, this legislation takes the first step to make health insurance accountable through a limited medical savings accounts demonstration project. It's time that we all took an active role in the health care decisions that affect our daily lives and pocketbooks. Medical savings accounts will put families in control of their health care. In Kansas, which is home to over 65,000 small businesses, these MSA accounts provide the opportunity for individuals to choose where to spend hard-earned health care insurance dollars.  My colleagues, the time has finally come. We have agreed on real reform that will get at the root of one of the most serious flaws in our health care system. I applaud Chairman Archer and all those who have worked tirelessly on this effort and I urge my colleagues to join me in support of the conference agreement.  