Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.   Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota. The biggest beneficiaries of public ocean transportation contracts are the foreign-dominated ocean shipping cartels. Public contracting as continued under the Oberstar amendment to my way of thinking would simply enhance the ability of these cartels to fix prices for the transportation of goods in the import and export trade.  The data on ocean shipping confirms that over 85 percent of U.S. goods are carried aboard foreign vessels, and this amendment would, in my opinion, simply permit that to continue.  Meanwhile, under the Shuster bill, the committee bill, we would save 18 percent of transportation costs, according to a Department of Agriculture report. I have got the report right here.  Everybody interested in agriculture, everybody interested in rural America, everybody interested in the balance of payments benefits that agriculture provides, everybody who voted for a new change, a market-oriented farm policy, everybody who voted for freedom to farm, regardless of your personal opinion about all of the farm program policies, pay attention.  The Department of Agriculture says:       A cartel premium attributable to conference market power,      the ability to set rates above the competitive level, amounts      to some 18 percent of the cost of ocean transportation.  Turn it around. Look at the benefit to our farm exports if we turn it around.       The annual gain in agriculture revenues from increased      exports resulting from lower shipping costs would produce an      expected gain of $406 million, 8.1 percent of the total      revenues, including more commodities, more markets. It would      simply magnify the economic effect.  I am quoting from the Maritime Policy and Agriculture Interests Impacts of the Conference System of the Department of Agriculture.  My experience in the Marine Corps leads me to understand that there are very few merchant ships left that are registered in the United States. Now, think a minute. If you publicize the contracts that primarily benefit our foreign competitors by allowing them to estimate a U.S. exporter's shipping costs, that simply permits the foreign carriers to have a great advantage over our U.S. carriers. It is not only going to hurt them, it is going to hurt all of the exporters, all of the added value product exporters, and all we are trying to do in regard to agriculture today.  I am informed by the distinguished chairman that U.S. shippers, especially the small shippers, support the bill without such an amendment. So I would urge Members, all members of the House Committee on Agriculture, all members of the various task forces on either side of the aisle, to oppose this amendment, and to support not only the U.S. business, but simply U.S. agriculture, who trade overseas. So support the U.S. farmer and the producers who really wish to enhance our agriculture exports. Again, I urge my colleagues to vote against the Oberstar amendment.  