Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  I would simply point out to the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Minge], who is a very valued member of the House Committee on Agriculture, that had the President not really vetoed the balanced budget, we would have a farm bill months ago.  I understand that there are some concerns about structure of the farm bill. But in terms of the timeliness, and we all know it is time-sensitive, that that has been a problem.  To my good friend from Texas, I understand the concern in regard to oil seeds. That is one of the few diversified crops that we have on the Great Plains. It is a burgeoning crop. It is one we want to move toward. In the Senate bill there is $132 million dedicated to that purpose, but there is a cap on that loan to prevent any further budget hemorrhaging. Perhaps when this bill goes to the Senate, we can accommodate that in some respect  Let me say again that I think everybody on the committee, if not everybody in the Congress, is supportive of the very valuable rural development programs that have been described, and the chairman, the former chairman of the committee, the gentleman from Texas [Mr. de la Garza], has been a champion in this respect, as has the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stenholm] and the gentlewoman from North Carolina [Mrs. Clayton], who has just done an outstanding job in that regard in the past.  But this is $3.5 billion, again. If this substitute passes, why, we are, you know, we are looking at a bill that will be over the December baseline for agriculture. I do not know how you bring a bill to the floor of the House and if it is over budget and over the baseline. I do not know how you pass it.  These are many fine programs. I would say that in the Senate, again, the Senate has committed $300 million for a fund for rural America for 3 years. You know that that is going to be extended for the next 4. So that is $700 million.  I think it would be appropriate when we get to conference to take a look at that.  So, from the standpoint of cost in terms of the $3.5 billion, and once again using CCC moneys that historically go to farm programs as opposed to rural development programs, we must oppose the bill.  