President, the University of Maine is doing exciting work in this area.  In addition and finally, our proposal would provide a tax credit for plug-in hybrid vehicles. That, too, would help reduce our reliance on foreign oil.  This amendment takes a balanced approach toward our tax policy, and it will help advance us toward the goal of energy independence.  The Collins-Levin amendment would provide for a tax credit for production of cellulosic ethanol. While there has been a great deal of focus on using corn-based ethanol in order to decrease our reliance upon foreign oil, there are other renewable, plant-based energy sources that are more environmentally friendly and have greater potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These technologies will help move our petroleum-based economy toward a renewable, sustainable forest bio-economy. In fact, researchers at the University of Maine recently teamed up with a local pulp mill to demonstrate cellulosic ethanol production at a commercial scale. It is an exciting time for this new technology.  Finally, the Collins-Levin amendment would provide for a tax credit for plug-in hybrid vehicles. If all new vehicles added to the U.S. fleet for 10 years were plug-in hybrids, an additional 80 billion gallons of gasoline could be saved each year. Obviously, we won't be replacing all new vehicles with plug-in hybrids, but that statistic illustrates the large impact plug-in hybrids can have on reducing our use of oil.  The provisions in our amendment are in addition to renewable energy production and energy efficiency provisions already in section 304.  Section 304 would allow for extension of the renewable electricity production tax credit. I believe it is important to give companies certainty now to plan investments in renewable electricity generation for the near future. These efforts represent a large up-front capital investment. Thus, companies will not continue to expand renewable energy production in the absence of this credit, which makes such projects cost competitive with traditional energy sources.  Section 304 also would allow for legislation to encourage energy efficient buildings, products, and powerplants. Making buildings more energy efficient can dramatically reduce our use of oil and save money for consumers at the same time. For example, on average, weatherizing a home reduces heating bills by 31 percent and overall energy bills by $358 per year.  Mr. President, as I mentioned at the beginning of my remarks, this amendment provides for the rescission of tax breaks that the oil companies themselves testified they do not need. It uses that revenue for additional renewable energy and energy efficiency initiatives. I urge my colleagues to support the Collins-Levin energy independence amendment.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support the Collins-Levin amendment when it is voted on.  