President, when she came to the Senate 6 years ago, Elizabeth Dole brought with her a resume that for most would describe a full lifetime of public service and accomplishment. The intellect, principles, and dedication Elizabeth applied to her earlier endeavors have been readily apparent in the Senate. America has been enriched by all of Senator Elizabeth Dole's public service.  Her record of public service is truly inspiring. From the Office of Consumer Affairs and the Federal Trade Commission to the Secretary of Transportation and Labor, she has served five Presidents. Her tenure in each of these positions has been marked by the dedication, effectiveness, and accomplishments that we have seen firsthand in the Senate.  Nothing more fully describes Elizabeth's character than the fact that she left Government service only to become the president of the American Red Cross, joining founder Clara Barton as the only women to hold that position. In the spirit of that great organization, Elizabeth worked as a volunteer her first year, accepting no salary. Under her leadership, the American Red Cross was a model for charitable organizations, with 91 cents out of every dollar contributed going directly to help those in need.  Elizabeth led the American Red Cross by example. Following the gulf war, she visited Kuwait to assess personally the services provided to our military personnel. She traveled to famine-stricken Somalia and Mozambique and to war-ravaged Croatia. She led a humanitarian relief operation to Rwanda refugee camps. That same commitment, courage, and compassion have been the hallmarks of her work in the Senate.  Those of us who are women also appreciate the many times Elizabeth Dole has blazed the path forward for other women. We know she was one of the very first women to attend Harvard Law School. Think how difficult that must have been for a woman raised in the South. Yet she persevered and she excelled and she broke barrier after barrier for other women.  In her campaign for President in 2000, Elizabeth Dole had a profound effect. She attracted legions of new voters into the political process. She encouraged women throughout the country and of all political persuasions to step forward and get involved in the campaign and to run for public office themselves. Many of the cracks in the glass ceiling are the work of her hands.  Here in the Senate, I have been privileged to work alongside Senator Dole as members on the Senate Armed Services Committee. She has been one of our strongest and most eloquent voices for the men and women in uniform, and her commitment to them is inspiring. Her dedication to strengthening our national security and modernizing our military is unsurpassed.  It is certainly no accident that she is married to a man--former Senator Bob Dole--who exemplifies the quiet courage and devotion to duty that are the hallmark of America's armed services and by which both Senator Doles are known.  I know that all in the Senate and throughout our Nation will agree that just a few of the words that best describe Elizabeth Dole are ``intelligence,'' ``principles,'' and ``commitment.'' To those, I am proud to add the word ``friend.'' I will miss serving with Elizabeth Dole. I wish her all the best in the years to come.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Casey). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  