 President, I want to commend President Clinton and congressional leaders on both sides for bringing before the Senate a balanced budget.  I also believe that this budget goes a long way toward protecting the key priorities I believe must be protected.  But, of all those priorities, I believe that none is more important than continuing our fight against violent crime and violence against women.  To a great extent, this budget resolution meets this test--but, in at least one area of this crime front, I believe the budget resolution must be clarified.  The amendment I am offering, along with Senators Byrd and Gramm does exactly that--by clarifying that it is the sense of the Senate that the violent crime control trust fund will continue through the end of this budget resolution, fiscal year 2002.  I am particularly pleased that Senator Byrd--who, more than anyone, deserves credit for the crime law trust fund. Senator Byrd worked to develop an idea that was simple as it was profound--as he called on us to use the savings from the reductions in the Federal work force of 272,000 employees to fund one of the Nation's most urgent priorities: fighting the scourge of violent crime.  Senator Gramm was also one of the very first to call on the Senate to put our money where our mouth was. Too often, this Senate has voted to send significant aid to State and local law enforcement--but, when it came time to write the check, we did not find nearly the dollars we promised.  Working together in 1993, Senator Byrd, myself, Senator Gramm, and other Ssenators passed the violent crime control trust fund in the Senate. And, in 1994, it became law in the Biden crime law.  Since then, the dollars from the crime law trust fund have:  Helped add more than 60,000 community police officers to our streets;  Helped shelter more than 80,000 battered women and their children;  Focussed law enforcement, prosecutors, and victims service providers on providing immediate help to women victimized by someone who pretends to love them;  Forced tens of thousands of drug offenders into drug testing and treatment programs, instead of continuing to allow them to remain free on probation with no supervision and no accountability;  Constructed thousands of prison cells for violent criminals; and  Brought unprecedented resources to defending our southwest border--putting us on the path to literally double the number of Federal border agents over just a 5-year period.  The results of this effort are already taking hold:  According to the FBI's national crime statistics, violent crime is down and down significantly--leaving our Nation with its lowest murder rate since 1971;  The lowest violent crime total since 1990; and  The lowest murder rate for wives, ex-wives and girlfriends at the hands of their intimates to an 18-year low.  In short, we have proven able to do what few thought possible--by being smart, keeping our focus, and putting our money where our mouths are--we have actually cut violent crime.  Today, our challenge is to keep our focus and to stay vigilant against violent crime. Today, the Biden-Byrd-Gramm amendment before the Senate offers one modest step toward meeting that challenge:  By confirming that it is the sense of the Senate that the commitment to fighting crime and violence against women will continue for the full duration of this budget resolution.  By confirming that it is the sense of the Senate that the Violent Crime Control Trust Fund will continue--in its current form which provides additional Federal assistance without adding 1 cent to the deficit--for the full duration of this budget resolution.  The Biden-Byrd-Gramm amendment offers a few very simple choices: Stand up for cops--or don't; Stand up for the fight against violence against women --or don't; Stand up for increased border enforcement--or don't.  Every Member of this Senate is against violent crime--we say that in speech after speech. Now, I urge all my colleagues to back up with words with the only thing that we can actually do for the cop walking the beat, the battered woman, the victim of crime--provide the dollars that help give them the tools to fight violent criminals, standup to their abuser, and restore at least some small piece of the dignity taken from them at the hands of a violent criminal.  Let us be very clear of the stakes here--frankly, if we do not continue the trust fund, we will not be able to continue such proven, valuable efforts as the Violence Against Women law. Nothing we can do today can guarantee that we, in fact, will continue the Violence Against Women Act when the law expires in the year 2000.  But, mark my words, if the trust fund ends, the efforts to provide shelter, help victims, and get tough on the abusers and batterers will wither on the vine. Passing the amendment I offer today will send a clear, unambiguous message that the trust fund should continue and with it, the historic effort undertaken by the Violence Against Women Act that says by word, deed and dollar that the Federal Government stands with women and against the misguided notion that domestic violence is a man's right and not really a crime.  I urge my colleagues to support the Biden-Byrd-Gramm amendment.  