 The chairman of the committee did not buy into that argument. The chairman of the committee took the position on this that we should act, and he had been pushing this for some time.  Again, I see my distinguished friend, who now I work with in another capacity, as the minority--the euphemism we use is ranking member--of the Foreign Relations Committee. We have much less disagreement than we have on some issues relating to judges. But, with him here, I can remember that during the last days when the Senator from Delaware was trying to push through judges--on October 8, 1992, the last day of the session, with President Bush as President of the United States, the Senator from Delaware pushed through seven Republican judges--the last day.  I will bet you that has not happened very often in this place with Democrats or Republicans: The last day, seven.  The reason I mention that is one of my distinguished colleagues--we have very different views, but I like him a lot--walked up to me and he was from a State where there were two Republican Senators, and two of those judges were his. He walked up and shook my hand. This will not go in the Record--it will go in the Record, but his name won't, but my colleagues will know who he is. He shook my hand and said, ``Joe, you're a nice guy. I really appreciated it.'' He says, ``Of course, you know I would never do this for you.''  I like him because he is straightforward and honest. He meant it, and that's why we get along so well. I amnot referring to the Senator from North Carolina. He said, ``I'd never do this for you.'' The point being, not that Biden is a good guy or Biden is a stupid guy, the point being that the court is in desperate trouble in a number of jurisdictions. In southern California and south Florida, and in a number of places where there are drug cases that are backed up, a number of places where there are significant civil case backlogs, a number of places where population growth is straining the court, they need these vacancies filled.  I respectfully suggest that it is a rare--it is a rare--district court nominee by a Republican President or a Democratic President who, if you first believe they are honest and have integrity, have any reason to vote against them. I voted for Judge Bork, for example, on the circuit court, because Judge Bork I believed to be an honest and decent man, a brilliant constitutional scholar with whom I disagreed, but who stood there and had to, as a circuit court judge, swear to uphold the law of the land, which also meant follow Supreme Court decisions. A circuit court cannot overrule the Supreme Court.  So any member who is nominated for the district or circuit court who, in fact, any Senator believes will be a person of their word and follow stare decisis, it does not matter to me what their ideology is, as long as they are in a position where they are in the general mainstream of American political life and they have not committed crimes of moral turpitude, and have not, in fact, acted in a way that would shed a negative light on the court.  So what I want to say, and I will yield because I see my friend from South Carolina--North Carolina, I beg your pardon. I am used to dealing with our close friend in the Judiciary Committee who is from South Carolina. I seem to have the luck of getting Carolinians to deal with, and I enjoy them. I will yield the floor by saying, I will come back to the floor at an appropriate time in the near term, immediately when we get back from the recess, and I will, as they say, Madam President, fill in the blanks in terms of what the absolute detail and each of the numbers are, because I have tried to recall some of them off the top of my head, not having intended to speak to this issue when I walked across the floor earlier.  Let it suffice to say at the moment, at least for me, that it is totally appropriate for any U.S. Senator to voice his or her opposition to any nominee for the Court, and they have a full right to do that. In my study of and teaching of constitutional law and separation of powers issues, there is nothing in the Constitution that sets the standard any Senator has to apply, whether they vote for or against a judge.  But I also respectfully suggest that everyone who is nominated is entitled to have a shot, to have a hearing and to have a shot to be heard on the floor and have a vote on the floor.  We had a tie vote in the committee, Madam President, on one of the Supreme Court nominees. I was urged by those who opposed him--and I opposed this particular nominee--to not report it to the floor. My reading of the Constitution, though, is the Judiciary Committee is not mentioned in the Constitution. The Judiciary Committee is not mentioned. The Senate is. We only in the Judiciary Committee have the right to give advice to the Senate, but it is the Senate that gives its advice and consent on judicial nominations.  I sincerely hope, and I have urged the administration to confer with Republican Senators before they nominate anyone from that Senator's State. I think that is totally appropriate. I think it is appropriate, as well, that Republican Senators, with a Democratic President, have some input, which Democrats never had with the last two Republican Presidents. I think that is appropriate.  But I do not think it is appropriate, if this is the case--and I do not know for certain, it just appears to be--if the real hangup here is wanting to reach an informal agreement that for every one person the President of the United States gets to nominate, the Republican Party will get to nominate someone, the Republican Party in the Senate. Or for every two persons that the President nominates, the Republicans get to nominate one.  It is totally appropriate for Republicans to reject every single nominee if they want to. That is within their right. But it is not, I will respectfully request, Madam President, appropriate not to have hearings on them, not to bring them to the floor and not to allow a vote, and it is not appropriate to insist that we, the Senators--we, the Senators--get to tell the President who he must nominate if it is not in line with the last 200 years of tradition.  Again, I did not intend speaking at all on this, other than the fact I walked through and it was brought up, and since I was in that other capacity for so long, I felt obliged to speak up.  I see my friend from North Carolina is here. I do not know if he wishes to speak on judges or foreign policy matters, but whichever he wishes to speak on, I am sure it will be informative. I yield the floor.  