 But let me make one point.  It is one thing to say that we are going to disagree on judges. We did that when we were in control. We did that. And we said that all the judges that have been nominated here by two successive Republican Presidents--we picked seven out of a total of over 500--we said we disagree with these judges. The most celebrated case was Judge Bork, and less celebrated cases were people who have gone beyond being judges. Some are Senators. But the bottom line was that we understand that.  But what I do not understand is this notion and all of the talk about activist judges without any identification of who the activist judges are. It is one thing for the Republicans to say that we are not going to vote for or allow activist judges. We understand that. We are big folks. We understand baseball, hardball. We got that part. No problem.  But what I do not understand is saying we are not going to allow activist judges and then not identifying who those activist judges are. This is kind of what is going on here, and no one wants to say it. But since I have the reputation of saying what no one wants to say, I am going to say it.  Part of what is going on here is, and in the Republican caucus there are some who say, No. We want to change the rules. We want to make sure, of all the people nominated for the Federal bench, that the Republican Senators should be able to nominate half of them, or 40 percent of them, or 30 percent of them. That is malarkey. That is flat-out malarkey. That is blackmail. That has nothing to do with activist judges.  I do not doubt the sincerity of my friend from Utah. We have worked together for 22 years. But here is my challenge. Any judge nominated by the President of the United States, if you have a problem with his or her activism, name it. Tell us what it is. Define it like we did. You disagreed. You disagreed with the definition. But we said straight up, ``Bang. I do not want Bork for the following reasons.'' People understand that. But do not try to change 200 years of precedent and tell us that we are not letting judges up because we want the Republican Senator to be able to name the judge. Don't do that, or else do it and do it in the open. Let's have a little bit of legislating in the sunshine here. Do it flat in the open.  I see my colleagues nodding and smiling. I am sort of breaching the unspoken rule here not to talk about what is really happening. But that is what is really happening. I will not name certain Senators. But I have had Senators come up to me and say, Joe, here is the deal. We will let the following judges through in my State if you agree to get the President to say that I get to name three of them. Now folks, that is a change of a deal. That is changing precedent. That isn't how it works. The President nominates. We dispose one way or another of that nomination. And the historical practice has been--and while I was chairman we never once did that--that never once that I am aware of did we ever say, ``By the way, we are not letting Judge A through unless you give me Judges B and C.''  Now, let me set the record totally straight here. There are States where precedents were set years ago. The Republican and Democratic Senator, when it was a split delegation, have made a deal up front in the open. In New York, Senator Javits and Senator Moynihan said: Look. In the State of New York, the way we are going to do this is that whomever is the Senator representing the party of the President--I believe they broke it down to 60--for every two people that Senator gets to name, the Senator in the party other than the President gets to name one. OK, fine. Jacob Javits did not go to Pat Moynihan and demand that he was going to do that. Moynihan made the offer, as I understand it, to Jacob Javits. That is not a bad way to proceed.  But now to come along and say, ``By the way, in the name of activist judges, we are not going to move judges'' is not what this is about.  I might point out that all the talk last election that started off--it all fizzled because it did not go anywhere--about how there is going to be an issue about activism on the courts, we pointed out that of all the judges that came up in Clinton's first term, almost all of them were voted unanimously out of this body by Democrats and Republicans, including the former majority leader. He only voted against three of all the nominees, then he argued, by the way, that Clinton nominated too many activist judges. And then it kind of fizzled when I held a little press conference, and said, ``By the way. You voted for all of them.'' It kind of made it hard to make this case that they were so activist.  So look. Let me say that I will not take any more time, but I will come back to the floor with all of the numbers and the details. But here is the deal.  If the Republican majority in the Senate says, ``Look, the following 2, 5, 10, 12, 20 judges are activist for the following reasons, and we are against them,'' we understand that. We will fight it. If we disagree, we will fight it. But if they come along and say, ``We are just not letting these judges come up because really what is happening is they are coming to guys like me and saying, `Hey, I will make you a deal. You give me 50 percent of judges, and I will let these other judges go through.' '' Then that isn't part of the deal.  Look, I have a message to the Court. I know the Court never reads the Congressional Record, and Justice Scalia said that we should not consider the Record for legislative history because everybody knows that all the Congressional Record is is what Senators' staff say and not what Senators know. He is wrong. But that is what he said. Maybe they don't read it. But I want to send a message.  Madam President, when I was chairman of the committee and there was a Republican President named Reagan and a Republican President named Bush, the Judicial Conference on a monthly basis would write to me and say, ``Why aren't you passing more judges?'' They have been strangely silent about the vacancies that exist. Now, I agree that the administration has been slow in pulling the trigger here. They have not sent enough nominees up in a timely fashion. And I have been critical of them for the last 2 years, Madam President. But that is not the case now. All I am saying to you is, as they say in parts of my State, ``I smell a rat here.'' What I think is happening--and I hope I am wrong--is that this is not about activism.  This is about trying to keep the President of the United States of America from being able to appoint judges, particularly as it relates to the courts of appeals.  Now, what is happening is what happened today. Merrick Garland wasaround for years. Now, what is going to happen is they are going to say we reported out a circuit court of appeals judge. Aren't we doing something. The truth of the matter is the proof will be in the pudding several months from now when we find out whether or not we are really going to move on these judges.  Let me point out one other thing. And I see my friend from Maryland in the Chamber, and I will yield particularly since I had not intended speaking at this moment.  