 President, I rise in support of the Feinstein-Biden anti-bomb-making amendment. The bill would make it a Federal crime to teach someone how to use or make a bomb if you know or intend that it will be used to commit a crime.  As my colleagues know, I fought to pass nearly identical legislation lastyear. Senator Feinstein and I tried several times to have it enacted as part of my anti-terrorism initiatives. The bill passed the Senate on two occasions, but unfortunately, it was rejected by the House both times.  Critics of the bill claimed that it was unnecessary, unconstitutional, and would outlaw legitimate business uses of explosives.  To respond to these claims, we asked the Justice Department to examine each of these questions. The report supports Senator Feinstein and my position on each and every criticism.  So now that we have cleared away the basis for some of the opposition, I hope we can quickly enact this important legislation. And let me tell you why.  I think most Americans would be absolutely shocked if they knew what kind of criminal information is making its way over the Internet. This information is easily accessible. It's proliferating by leaps and bounds.  Let me give just one example. A guy named ``War-Master'' sent this message out over the Internet about how to build a baby food bomb. Here is how his message goes:       These simple, powerful bombs are not very well known even      though all the material can be easily obtained by anyone      (including minors). These things are so [expletive deleted]      powerful that they can destroy a car. The explosion can      actually twist and mangle the frame. They are extremely      deadly and can very easily kill you and blow the side of the      house out if you mess up while building it. Here's how they      work.  And then the message goes into explicit detail about how to fill a baby food jar with gunpowder and how to detonate it. The message observes that the explosion shatters the glass jar, sending pieces of razor sharp glass in all directions. The message continues with even more deadly advice:       Tape nails to the side of the thing. Sharpened jacks (those      little things with all the pointy sides) also work well.  As a result, the message concludes:       If the explosion doesn't get 'em then the glass will. If      the glass don't get 'em then the nails will.  I am not making this up. And this is only one small example.  Mr. President, we hear about this happening time and time again: A bomb goes off. People are killed. A criminal is apprehended. And we learn that the criminal followed--to the letter--someone else's instructions on how to make a bomb and how to make it kill people.  Indeed, the Justice Department report indicates that numerous notorious terrorists--including the World Trade Center bombers and the murderers of a Federal judge--have been found in possession of bomb-making manuals and internet bomb-making information.  And there is another situation that we are hearing about more and more frequently. We read about it in our local papers across the country. These bomb-making instructions are having an ever increasing impact on children.  In Austin, TX, a boy lost most of one hand and part of the other after following bomb-making instructions he found on the internet. This boy once had plans to serve in the Marines. But that dream is now gone.  And in Massachusetts, several boys--in separate incidents throughout the State--were maimed when they tried to mix batches of napalm on their kitchen stoves. These experiments were direct results of kids finding a bomb-making recipe on the internet.  And what is even worse is that some of these instructions are geared toward kids. They tell kids that all the ingredients they need are right in their parents' kitchen or laundry cabinets.  These stories illustrate what can happen when the literally millions of kids today sit in front of their computer and type ``explosive'' on their keyboard. In minutes, they can have instructions for making all sorts of explosive devices they never knew even existed.  I know that some say that going after people who only help other people make bombs is not the way to go. They say that bomb-making instructions are protected by the first amendment. And I agree--to a point.  I take a backseat to no one when it comes to the first amendment. I have always argued that we must take great care when we legislate about any constitutional right--paticularly our most cherished right of free speech.  But let's not forget the obvious. It is illegal to make a bomb. And there is no right under the first amendment to help someone commit an illegal act.  Our bill says you have no right to provide a bomb-making recipe to someone if you know that person has plans to destroy property or innocent lives. You have no right to help someone blow up a building.  The Justice Department has concluded that our legislation--with some minor modifications which we have incorporated into this bill--is entirely consistent with the first amendment.  I am glad that the Senate voted last year to join Senator Feinstein and me in making this type of behavior a crime. I hope this time around, we can pass this legislation through the full Congress and send it on to the President so he can sign it into law.  