 President, let me begin by acknowledging what the Senator and chairman of the committee said, and that is that this treaty has been around a long time, and all of a sudden it came popping up here. Some of us, like the Senator from North Carolina and the majority leader and others, myself included, have felt it is a Senate prerogative to determine whether or not this flank agreement should be agreed to. It is an amendment to the treaty. The administration for a long time concluded it was not a prerogative of the Senate, and it was not necessary to submit this treaty.  Some have asked, why are we acting so expeditiously on this treaty? Why is there this deadline? Two reasons: One, we waited a long time to agree we had the responsibility to accede to this or it could not occur, and, two, there is a real May 15 deadline by which all 30 nations must ratify this agreement. If, in fact, they do not, the agreement will have to be reviewed by all of them.  We are right now dealing with the enlargement of NATO, we are now dealing with the NATO-Russia Charter, and if it looks as though the United States is reneging on this flank agreement, it can just create a lot of confusion.  Having said that, had I been chairman of the committee rather than the ranking member and had it been a Republican President, I probably would have spent more time chastising the administration than the distinguished Senator from North Carolina. He just rolled up his sleeves and said, ``OK, this is a necessary and important treaty,'' and didn't spend a lot of time in recriminations about why it took so long to get here. I thank him for that, and I thank him for the way in which he moved this. I doubt there is any treaty or change in a treaty as significant as this that has moved as rapidly through the Foreign Relations Committee with as studied an approach as under the leadership of my colleague from North Carolina.  Mr. President, nearly 6 years ago, as chairman of the Subcommittee on European Affairs, I managed the ratification of the original CFE agreement for the then Democratic chairman of the committee. The treaty was, I believe then and I believe now, a monumental achievement, capping some two decades of negotiations between NATO and Warsaw Pact countries to establish a secure conventional military balance in Europe. I would argue, it was sort of the prelude to the undoing of our adversary at the time, the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact.  Mr. President, the treaty has succeeded as few other arms reduction measures have. Since 1992, it has fundamentally altered the military landscape from the Atlantic to the Urals, dramatically reducing the number of pieces of equipment that could be used to wage war.  In the last 5 years, the CFE Treaty has resulted in the removal or destruction of more than 53,000 pieces of heavy equipment, including tanks, artillery, armored combat vehicles, attack helicopters, and combat aircraft.  Since 1991, of course, the political face of Europe has changed dramatically. These developments had an impact on the relevance and potential durability of the CFE Treaty. Particularly effective were the so-called flank limits. To the average citizen out there, a flank limit is not much different than a flank steak or flank cut. The fact of the matter is, it has real significance; it is very important.  The flank limits were included to prevent military equipment that was removed from Central Europe from being concentrated elsewhere. We set limits on how much equipment could be set on that inter-German border, which we necessarily focused on for so many years. As that equipment was removed or destroyed, what we did not want to have happen is to have the Soviets take that equipment and move it into the flanks, moving it on the Turkish border or moving it up by Norway and having a predominance of force accumulated there.  After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Russia began to argue that the treaty, particularly the so-called flank limits, did not adequately reflect its security needs in the flank zone. We had placed limits on what type of equipment and how much could be placed in these flanks. Had I a map, I would reference it, but the fact of the matter is, we put limits on this. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Russia began to argue that the treaty, particularly the flank limits, did not adequately reflect its security needs in the flank zone.  Put another way, all those folks in the Caucasus and Transcaucasus are now independent countries. When this was negotiated, they weren't part of the deal. They weren't part of the deal, and it was some Soviet general in Moscow deciding what could and could not be done in those countries.  Now the Russians come back and say, ``Hey, wait, this isn't the deal we signed on to.'' Russell Long--a great Senator who the Senator from North Carolina remembers well, but not nearly as well as the Senator from West Virginia sitting behind me--one of Russell Long's many expressions used to be, ``I ain't for no deal I ain't in on.'' All of a sudden, the Russians realized that they had signed on to a deal that, in a strong way, they were no longer in on, as it related to what was left of the Soviet Union.  Consequently, the NATO alliance agreed to negotiations on revising these flank limits, and the result was the agreement before us now known as the Flank Document that was signed by 30 states parties--a fancy term for saying 30 countries--to the treaty in Vienna on May 31, 1996. Reiterating the point made by my friend from North Carolina, this was signed a year ago, 1996. I believe that our negotiators, while meeting some Russian concerns, did an excellent job of protecting the interests of this country and the democracies on the northern and southern flanks of the former Soviet Union.  The CFE Flank Document removes some areas from what we call the old flank zone, but maintains constraints on equipment both in the new flank zone and in the old one. There are also limits on armored combat vehicles in each area that were removed from the old flank zone so as to prevent any tremendous concentration of equipment in any one place.  We all are concerned about Russian troop deployments outside its borders, Mr. President. We cannot allow Moscow to coerce its independent neighbors into accepting the presence of foreign forces on their soil or into giving up their own rights to military equipment, which would now be folded into this total limit.  But I believe the Flank Document and the resolution of ratification now before the Senate addresses these concerns and recognizes that sovereign countries must have the right to refuse Russian demands. Indeed, the chairman and I have found common ground on most of the issues in this resolution.  There are a total of, if I am not mistaken, 14 conditions, Mr. President. Two of these conditions of ratification, however, I think are extraneous and give me some concern. Of the 14, there are only two that I would flag for my colleagues, and I am not going to move to strike either one of them. I am not going to move to do anything about it. I just want to make the point of why I think they are unnecessary or counterproductive.  The first is condition 5, which includes a provision calling for a special report on possible noncompliance of the CFE Treaty by Armenia. I regret that this provision was included in the resolution at the insistence of the majority, but I am pleased that we have reached an agreement through the efforts of Senator John Kerry and Senator Sarbanes--and I am sure if they reached an agreement they must have run it by the distinguished Senator from West Virginia or it would not have been agreed to--to mitigate the one-sided nature of this original agreement.  More troubling, though, is condition 9. I will not speak more about condition 5 in the interest of time. Condition 9 also is insisted upon by the majority, and I note from a brief discussion, while working out yesterday out of the Senate environs with my distinguished friend from Virginia, that he feels very strongly about, and I happen to disagree with him on it.  Condition 9 requires the President to submit an agreement which will multilateralize the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty to the Senate for advice and consent. Put another way, there is a condition placed on here, very skillfully, I might add, by my friends who have concerns about the ABM Treaty that has nothing to do with this flank agreement. I was of the view it should not be included as part of a condition to this treaty. I did not have the votes. I must say to my friend from North Carolina, it is not merely because I hope I am a gentleman that I am not attempting to remove the condition, I do not have the votes to remove the condition, so I am not going to attempt to do something that I know will not prevail. But, I would like to point out, the condition is titled ``Senate Prerogatives.'' The title is interesting but, I think, inaccurate.  I take a back seat to no one when it comes to Senate prerogatives. As a matter of fact, it was the Byrd-Biden amendment attached to the INF Treaty. We have been jealous of the protection of our constitutional obligations and responsibilities. With all due respect, and it sounds self-serving, but I take a back seat to no one in the Senate in terms of protecting the constitutional obligations and responsibilities of the Senate. But in this case, I do notthink we have a prerogative to exercise, notwithstanding condition 9 is called ``Senate Prerogatives.''  The issue involves two powers: recognition of successor states and the power to interpret and implement treaties, both of which are executive functions.  Mr. President, it is undisputed that the President has the exclusive power, under the powers of article 2 of the Constitution, to recognize new states. I am not going to take a long time on this, so don't everybody worry I am in for a long constitutional discussion; I am only going to spend another 3 or 4 minutes, but I want to make the point for the Record. Under article 2, section 2 of the Constitution, the President and the Senate have a shared duty to ``make treaties.'' But once the treaty is made, it is the law of the land, and the President, under article 2, section 3, has the duty to take care that it is faithfully executed.  In exercising this duty, it is for the President to determine whether a treaty remains in force, a determination that, of necessity, must be made whenever a state dissolves.  So what are we talking about here? We had an ABM Treaty and CFE Treaty with the former Soviet Union. The Soviet Union dissolved. And the question remains, all those constituent countries that are now independent countries, is the President able to recognize Ukraine, for example, and, as a consequence, recognize the Ukrainians' assertion that they want to be part of the ABM Treaty? They were part of it when they were part of the whole Soviet Union, but as the constituent parts broke apart, the question was: As each individual country within that whole signs on to the continued commitment to ABM, does that require ratification by the United States Senate with each of them again? I would argue, and I will argue at a later date--I am sure we will hear more of this--that it does not require that. It is not a Senate prerogative.  In the case before us, the ABM Treaty, the President has the power to declare whether Russia and the other New Independent States inherit the treaty obligations of the former Soviet Union, provided those states indicate a desire to do so and provided that the succession agreement effects no substantive change in the terms of the treaty.  Both the Bush and Clinton administrations exercised this power following the breakup of the Soviet Union, Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia, and Ethiopia as it relates to other issues, not as it relates to ABM. Moreover, it bears emphasis that the two arms control treaties, the CFE Treaty and the INF Treaty, were multilateralized by the executive action without the advice and consent of the Senate. By definition, we are all here, we are not asking for multilateralization of the flank agreement. It is somewhat curious that we say ABM requires the Senate to have a treaty vote on every successor nation, but on CFE, which we all like and we have no substantive disagreement on, we are not asking for that.  So the point I am making is that this condition has nothing to do with CFE and it is more about whether you like ABM or do not like ABM, not about who has what constitutional responsibility, I respectfully suggest.  I agree with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and the other side of the issue in one respect, that this is the subject of legitimate debate. But the debate, which I am confident we can win on the merits, can readily be conducted at another time on a more germane subject than a treaty that it has nothing to do with. Nonetheless, the majority insisted upon this extraneous condition, and I think I can count votes.  I will never forget going to former Chairman Eastland as a young member of the Judiciary Committee asking for his support. He sat behind his desk, I say to the chairman of the committee, and said, ``Did you count?'' I didn't understand what he said.  I said, ``I beg your pardon, Mr. Chairman?''  He took that cigar out--I was asking to be chairman of the Subcommittee on Criminal Laws, because Senator McClellan had just passed away and, for years, it had been his job. It was a contest between me and another Senator.  I was looking at him, and he said, ``Did you count?'' I seriously did not understand what he was saying. ``I beg your pardon?'' I said. I tried to be humorous. I said, ``Mr. Chairman, I don't speak Southern very well.'' He smiled and looked at me, and he took the cigar out of his mouth, and said, ``Son, when you have counted, come back and talk to me.''  Well, I learned to count. The reason I am not contesting this now, as I said, I counted. I do not have the votes at this moment to remove condition 9 and still get this treaty up and out of here in time. So I will reserve that fight for another day.  Despite the inclusion of condition 9, I will strongly support the flank agreement because of its integral role in protecting American interests in maintaining security and stability in Europe. Indeed, the Flank Document we will be voting on is an important bridge to the broader revision of the CFE Treaty now under discussion as we talk about the enlargement of NATO. Those talks will allow us to achieve further reductions in military equipment in Europe and ensure that the confidence-building measures embodied in the CFE Treaty remain in place.  Mr. President, the CFE Treaty is just one component of the architecture of arrangements, including NATO, the Partnership for Peace, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, all of which are designed to ensure that in the post-cold war era, the European nations remain free and independent and are partners in a zone of security and prosperity.  But by maintaining the integrity of the CFE Treaty, we maintain the forum in which an enlarged NATO will make clear to Russia that our objective is stability in Europe, not military intimidation. Ratification of the flank agreement is a modest but important step toward the new European security system.  I urge my Senate colleagues to do two things--thank the chairman of the full committee for expediting this, and when we get very shortly to a vote on it, to vote their advice and consent to ratification.  I thank again the chairman of the full committee.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  