 President, I rise in support of the amendment to restore funding for the National Endowment for Democracy [NED].  Last month the Senate expressed its overwhelming support for the NED when it passed the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1997--90 to 5. That legislation provided $30 million, full funding, for the NED.  Even more recently we voted unanimously to congratulate Mexico on its elections. The NED provided critical support to the Civic Alliance in Mexico, a nonprofit election monitoring and civic education group that played a key role in that success story.  When the Reagan administration proposed the NED, I thought it was a bad idea and voted against it. After seeing all of the good work they have done and are doing, I have been converted to a supporter.  The NED continues to play a critical role in promoting democracy and democratic values, and is vital to U.S. national interests.  Mr. President, let me make this clear--NED is not a foreign aid program. This is because it builds self-sufficiency by working with indigenous groups that demonstrate a real commitment to democratic principles.  NED only receives $30 million, but is very cost-effective. It makes hundreds of grants annually in over 90 countries for civic education, media, human rights, and other organizations dedicated to supporting those who desire democracy.  NED funds support political party training and the establishment of opposition newspapers, helping to promote an independent press. For example, NED has done important work in China through its support of Chinese human rights activists.  Another well-known example is Burma, where the NED has strongly supported Aung San Suu Kyi and the pro-democracy movement there.  Still another important aspect of the NED is that it is rooted in the U.S. private sector, and operates in situations where direct government involvement is not appropriate.  It is particularly effective in reaching those groups seeking to counter nationalist and autocratic forces that are responsible for so much conflict and instability.  The NED provides a successful and cost-effective mechanism for spreading our democratic values and enhancing American security.  This point was made today in a Wall Street Journal editorial that highlights and praises the NED's effective and innovative approach to democracy promotion.  Elimination of this program could be interpreted as a sign of America's disengagement from the vital policy of supporting democracy around the globe.  I urge my colleagues to continue to support this critical democracy-building organization.  