  Let me be very, very blunt, as the Chair knows I usually am, much to my detriment on occasion. This is not about anything, this vote. This vote is really designed to try to come up with a substitute for the chemical weapons treaty--to give people who want to say they voted against chemical weapons an ability, then, to vote against the Chemical Weapons Convention.  I know we are supposed to be more diplomatic than that, and I know all that, and I am not suggesting that things in the bill are not worthwhile. They are. But this is what happens after we pass the treaty, that is, the implementing legislation. The way treaties work is, if we pass a treaty like the Chemical Weapons Convention, then we will come back here and pass implementing legislation. Just today, Senator Lugar and I have introduced legislation called the implementing legislation. That is, how do we domestically implement what we have just signed on to internationally.  Now, this bill does some of those things. Some of the things in here, in this bill--and I have great respect for my friend from Arizona, I really do. I always kid him and say my problem with him is he is too bright. I always prefer people who I am usually in disagreement with philosophically that are not very bright. He is very bright. That is a problem. So he is more effective. But I hope he will not be offended. I think he would be willing to tell you not only does he believe in what is in here, he also hopes it has the political benefit of gathering enough votes to allow people the option to vote against the Chemical Weapons Convention.  So, when I give this short shrift, I am not giving short shrift to the ideas, please understand. But the Record should note that this is not the norm; nobody that I am aware of, at least as long as I have been here, is usually willing to allow, without any hearings, a major bill to be brought up that is 64 pages long that most of us have not had a chance to read.  I just want the Record to reflect why I am going to truncate this a great deal because this debate is not really about the substance here but about the treaty. I will tell you why we need a treaty and why this legislation, even if I knew all that was in it, and even if I agreed with all that was in it, would not get the job done.  First, the treaty addresses two flaws in the Geneva Protocol which focused on a single wrong. It said we would ban the use of chemical weapons. The Chemical Weapons Treaty says you cannot produce chemical weapons, you cannot own chemical weapons, you cannot stockpile them. This legislation does nothing to affect any other country. Nothing we do in here in any way puts or imposes a prohibition on other countries other than as it relates to how we will deal with them on a bilateral basis.  Second, we need a Chemical Weapons Convention because it will strengthen the ability of nations of the world to cooperate in placing strict global controls on trade and chemicals. We want to be able to trace the precursor chemicals that go from one country to another country, from one country or company to an individual, because that is the thing that will allow us to trace down and see whether the bad guys, whether they be terrorists and or countries at large, are doing bad things. That is, possessing, building, or designing chemical capability. This does nothing on that score.  Third, we need a Chemical Weapons Convention because we have decided to get rid of most of our chemical stockpile, and that decision was jointly made by the Congress and the President in the 1980's. After the Gulf War, George Bush announced we would destroy the rest.  The fourth reason is we need a treaty because it greatly enhances our abilityto detect and deter a chemical weapons program. This will do nothing to affect anybody else's chemical weapons programs.  In sum, the CWC will be a powerful instrument. This, at best, you could say, would be something along the line of implementing legislation, if we had that treaty passed, which I hope we will.  I might add, I agreed to allow this bill to come up before the treaty, which is a very unusual way to do this because, quite frankly, I had no other way of getting the treaty up. Had I not agreed to this, my colleagues could have filibustered or prevented it from coming out of committee. Even though I have the votes in the committee for the treaty I could have prevented it from coming to the floor. This must be confusing to people listening to this debate today, because why would we vote on this before the international treaty? The answer is that we have no choice. The answer is they've got me by the procedural ears here. If we don't get a chance to vote on the CWC by the 28th, we are not in the deal and we, as a nation, are very much out of sync.  I will conclude by suggesting that Senator Kyl's bill calls for a couple of things that already are in the treaty. The bill does nothing to eliminate other nations' chemical weapons. It requires us to go back and renegotiate the Chemical Weapons Convention, which, as General Brent Scowcroft, not a man known for hyperbole, said the concept of starting over was pure fantasy.  Next, this bill does nothing to strengthen trade controls internationally. It has language about the Australia Group--an organization that is already in place and will stay in place. There is nothing extraordinary about that. The Australia Group exists and will continue to enforce trade controls.  Third, the Kyl bill provides sanctions against nations that use chemical weapons. That's already in law. The bill does strengthen this in minor respects, but it weakens it in others. It doesn't make it illegal to produce or stockpile these weapons.  Fourth, the Kyl bill does nothing to address trade sanctions that will apply against U.S. companies if the Chemical Weapons Convention enters into force with us.  In sum, the Kyl bill is not a substitute for the Chemical Weapons Treaty, although there are things in the Kyl bill that I would vote for.  As I told my friend--and I really do think he is my friend, and we have been completely straight with one another--I am going to vote against this and urge my colleagues to do the same, because I don't know enough to know what is in here. I will never forget that when I first got here, Senator Pastore of Rhode Island, an old fellow, was a very powerful Senator; I asked him about something and he said, ``Boy, let me tell you something. If you don't know what's in it, it's always safer to vote no.'' So I am voting no. Although there might be some merit to this, I can't find it. It is clearly not a substitute for the CWC.  I yield the floor.  