 I believe we are the only State in the Nation that does not have its own commercial television station. That is not because we are good, bad, or indifferent. It is because it would make no economic sense. I live within 22 miles of the antennae of every one of the major stations--every one of the major networks in America. They are located in Philadelphia. I live in Delaware.  And so what happens when I buy an ad or my opponent buys an ad on television? For every 100 people who see the ad, 96 of them live in New Jersey, Maryland, or Pennsylvania and are unable to vote for or against me. But I have to pay for them all. Now I am not complaining because I have an advantage. I am an incumbent. It is an advantage and a disadvantage. The disadvantage is that you are an incumbent. People do not like incumbents. The advantage is that people know your name.  If you are an unknown person running, like I was the first time, how do you get to the point where even enough people know your name--unless you have a lot of money? And, my goodness, what it must be in the State of Michigan or Pennsylvania or South Carolina. Nevada is a little bigger now, but when I got here we were bigger than Nevada. Those States are bigger in population than Delaware.  I can speak knowledgeably only about one of our colleagues who did not run the last time. I will not mention his name. I know why he did not run. He would have won, and most people say he would have won. The State he happened to represent required him to raise at least, he thought, $12 million. He did not want to do that anymore--did not want to do that.  Look, the way we can raise the money is we can raise it at $1,000 a shot. That is the most we can raise from an individual. How many phone calls--from non-Federal property--do you make to be able to raise, in $1,000 increments, $12 million? That is a lot of money.  But guess what that does now? It means that you have to go from a circle of people who you know--and you know you do not have to worry about their backgrounds, their circumstances, where they came from, what their objectives were--to the universe. And, I want to tell you there is not a single U.S. Senator, myself included, who, I believe, could vouch for the character or motive or motivation of all the people who contributed to them unless they have the FBI working for them. We would have to spend more money than we raise to do background checks.  You know what I always think of, I say to my friend from South Carolina? I think of the guy who was probably more chaste than Caesar's wife, Jimmy Carter. I will never forget when he was running for President. He showed up at a fundraiser, and there was a guy named John Gacy--remember him, the mass murderer? Seriously, I am not joking. This literally happened. Gacy walks in and he contributes to Carter. And he is standing between Rosalynn Carter and Jimmy Carter. Then, later, we find out that the guy is a mass murderer. I say that not just because it is kind of humorous and we all laugh about it. But, I say that because there is no way, no matter how thorough you are as a candidate, that you can know about all your contributors. And I would have thought by now that we would all be worried about how it reflects on our reputation if a contributor turns out to be somebody that should not have contributed.  For example, recently there was a name of somebody who was an unsavory contributor, as it turned out, in the newspaper. It was a Chinese man. One of my guys said, ``My God, we have a man by that name that contributed to you,'' and I said, Oh, my God, find out who this guy is. It is a name that is a relatively common Chinese name, I found out later, like Smith or Jones. Guess what? It turns out the guy with that name who contributed to me was a librarian with the Library of Congress. I will never forget sitting in my seat going, Oh, thank God, thank God. Because, really and truly, what would have happened if it turned out to be the guy everybody was writing about? If I were up for election I would have to spend $100,000 in television ads to prove I did not know the guy.  Now, maybe we are counting on the people being so cynical that they will not hold anybody accountable for this. But I just think for pure self-preservation--not self-preservation of our jobs, self-preservation of our reputations and our integrity--that we would very much like the system to change.  I might add, you know how they kid around here. We joke when we have colleagues who announce they are not running again and they have been here for some time. We always joke and say things like, Well, now you will be able to tell them what you think. There was a guy that my friend from South Carolina knows well, and I will never forget him. Remember Steve Young--Senator Young from Ohio? Senator Young had been out of office about 2 or 4 years, but he was a guy I think who was widowed at that time, a man in his eighties, if I am not mistaken. And, he hung around here. He did not lobby anybody but he hung around, in the gym, in the dining room.  You may remember this story, Senator Hollings, and I apologize for being so personal. But, the reason I am telling these stories is I want to communicate to the American people who are listening in real personal terms how this system works. I will never forget the effort of the distinguished Senator from South Carolina who took me under his wing when my first wife was killed in an automobile accident. When I got remarried and wanted to introduce my new wife, Jill, to the people, he had a reception for me up in the famous caucus room and everyone from the Vice President, President, the Supreme Court, really laid it out to welcome my wife. And, I might add, as they say, a point of personal privilege, I still appreciate that.  I will never forget there was a reception line and, Senator Hollings, you introduced me to people. Later in the night the reception line was still going on but you were having to entertain some of the people you brought along. Old Steve Young came in the line, Senator Young was being nice, welcoming people who were coming in. This is a true story. And, a guy walked up to Senator Young--he was to my left--put out his hand, and said, ``Senator, I bet you don't know my name.'' I can't quote what Senator Young said exactly because I am on the Senate floor and it would be inappropriate, but Senator Young turned to me and said, ``Joe, will you tell this horse's tail his name? He has forgotten it.''  All of us would like to say that once in a while. So we joke and we say when someone leaves this place, Well, guess you will be able to tell them what you think now. The implication in that comment is that how nice would it be if you were totally unfettered, even indirectly, totally unfettered? I envy, and I mean this sincerely, the women and men in here who have close to unlimited wealth, and I do not begrudge that. I mean that sincerely. I would love nothing better than to be able to run for office and say I do not want anybody's money. I do not want one single penny from anybody, thank you very much, because then I know people would look at me and no one would be able to even think or imply that anything I did was because of anything anybody contributed to me.  I do not know why there is not a stronger instinct on this floor for thatnotion of not having to be beholden to any contributors--and more support for public funding. We may never get to the point where we even get television time made available to challengers. We may never get to the point, and I am a distinct minority, where we have public financing, so the taxpayers are deciding whether they in fact, support a candidate. But, at least we could get to the point, if we have the Senator's amendment, where we could limit the amount of money in the process for everybody across the board, for everybody. Boy oh boy, do you not think it would be nice not to have to go out and do all those fundraisers?  Let me say what our friend from Nebraska, Senator Kerrey, says. The danger in having this kind of discussion is that we imply that the 99 percent of the honorable people who contribute to us are somehow motivated by a bad reason. The vast majority of people who contribute to both political parties are people who contribute because it is their way of participating in the system and they want to promote the person whose ideas they agree with. That sounds naive to say after all these years, but it is true. I understand why the public does not believe any of it. I understand why the public does not believe any of that.  I will conclude, Mr. President, because I see there are others here who wish to speak. I will never forget thinking as a young man when I arrived here that the best thing to do, and I still think it is, is to bring everything out in the cold light of day. That is why I have spent time explaining how the system works. I am often reminded of that phrase, that saying, that comment attributed to Bismarck in Germany. Bismarck allegedly said there are two things you should never watch being made. One is sausage and the other is legislation. I would amend that slightly. Once the American people got a chance to see exactly how this worked, with all the disclosures which I think are necessary and good in the long run, I think the thing that suffered was our collective integrity--our collective integrity.  To the average person like my dad, anybody who was able to contribute $1,000 to a public official for a campaign must be doing it for a reason, and maybe is not so altruistic.  So, what does it say now that they pick up the paper and realize that individuals and corporations and unions and anybody else can contribute $20,000, $30,000, $50,000, $100,000, $1 million? Why do we expect them to say, ``Well, it must be nobly motivated, it is not for selfish reasons.'' In many cases it probably is totally nobly motivated.  Mr. President, I think that the single most important thing that has to be done from a purely practical sense is to amend the Constitution and give us the right to limit the amount of money that candidates are able to spend. I lay you 8 to 5 that if you ask every Senator to stand up and say whether or not they thought too much money was being spent in public elections, 90 out of 100 would say yes. I bet that if you asked them, do you think we should limit the amount of money that is spent, at least 70 would say yes. But if you asked them, ``Will you or your party lose political advantage if you do that?'' they may change their views. The truth is that it is not just the Republicans who don't want this reform; it is some Democrats, too. And, the truth of the matter is, if we do what you and I, Senator Hollings, talked about a long time ago--essentially make it available for everybody to have the same amount of money, either by establishing a limit so that everybody would be able to be equal, or by providing public funding--every one of us would have a race every time. None of us like having those races.  