 President, I want to apologize to my friend from South Carolina because, as usual, he has been carrying the heavy load here. He has been carrying the water for all of us. I do apologize for not being here, to be more engaged in this debate. Frankly, I say to my friend from South Carolina, everything else we talk about--all the other talk about what we are going to do about campaign financing and campaign finance reform, and who has more money and who has less money, and how to avoid the stain and stink of money--ultimately, cannot make a difference until, we do what you have been telling us we need to do for the last decade or more.  We have a Supreme Court that has interpreted the first amendment in a bizarre way. This is not only with regard to the Buckley case. Take, for example, all this talk about soft money. We would not be in the spot we are in with soft money in terms of both political parties had it not been for the Supreme Court decision last year. At least there used to be a couple of veils left in this dance of seven veils. Now, you have major, major contributors who can come in and just change the whole dynamic of Senate and House races.  I just came from a meeting on chemical weapons. This is sort of the biological agent of politics that we are trying to eliminate here. Two years ago, in the last cycle, if somebody wanted to come in and put up $100,000, $500,000, $1 million, $5 million--if they did it all by themselves, did not coordinate it with a political party, put up billboards and advertisements and did not collude with the one or the other political parties against a specific candidate, then they could spend all the money they wanted. But there was this little veil that sat there. It did not allow the multimillionaire to pick up the phone and call the chairman of the Democratic Party or Republican Party in Delaware and say, look, I want to defeat Biden or I want to defeat the other guy and I have a million bucks; how do you want me to spend it?  The Supreme Court came along--a fellow I voted for, a brilliant guy--and wrote an opinion and said in effect, ``Oh, no, there's no distinction between you going out and spending it yourself, in first amendment terms, and giving it to and coordinating with a political party.''  What happened? We have a thousand dollar limit on individual contributions. But what does that mean? In my campaign this last time out, all of a sudden I find--I assume in coordination with the political party; by the way, I am not saying Democrats would do the same thing if they had the money--all of a sudden, I am finding all these ads on the radio with our good friend Malcolm Wallop. He was a good friend; he is a good man. He was heading up Americans for Freedom or some organization with a name like that.  He said, ``This is Americans for Freedom. Do you realize Senator Joe Biden is taking away your freedom?'' Another group came in and did specific radio ads against me, coordinated by the Republicans.  All of a sudden, my opponent had money. When he had to go out and get little pieces at a time, he had a hard time convincing people to give him the money. But, you get a couple of those big guys, they come along, and here is 10, 20, 50, 70, 100,000 bucks.  The point I am making is, all that is legal now. So what are we going to do? We can pass all the laws. I support McCain-Feingold. I am going to vote for it. But, I am reminded of that person who once said, ``You know, moderate reform is like moderate chastity.'' That is about what we are getting here with legislation.  When I arrived here, one of the first things I did, to the best of my recollection--it was Dick Clark and Joe Biden--was propose Federal funding of elections, congressional elections, because I wanted to get the private money out of this deal. I wanted to challenge incumbents, to let challengers have the same money incumbents had. I did not want public officials to be beholden to anybody but the American taxpayer.  I will never forget, some Democratic Senators, God bless their souls, like Warren Magnuson--``Maggie,'' as we used to call him--from Washington State, and some very prominent Republicans, looked at me and said, ``Kid, do you know what you're doing here? Do you understand this?'' I am not joking about this. ``Do you understand this?''  One Senator I will not name but has long since passed, called me into the Cloakroom, pulled me aside and said, ``Joe, come here.'' I was 30 years old at the time. I walked in and said, ``Yes, sir?''  He said, ``Enough of this stuff now, all right?''  I said, ``Enough of what?''  He said, ``This thing about giving the other guy the same amount of money we get.'' He said, ``I worked too''--I won't quote him precisely--``I worked too darn hard to get to the point where some little sniveling brat will get the same money I have to run against me.''  Well, that is why nobody in here wants to have it that way. I am not crazy about the fact. I have been around longer now. I am a senior Senator, so I can raise more money than the other guy. But, the other guy should have as much money as me to run, and neither of us should have to go around with our hats in hand saying, ``Will you help me?'' because it is a corrosive process, especially for a new guy and a new woman.  The reason I am saying that is this. I believe the vast majority of people who contribute to campaigns contribute to campaigns because they, in fact, find a Senator who already has a position they agree with. The problem I worry about is the young person who decides to run for the first time.  I will repeat this story. I told it in a hearing once, and I paid for it. But I will repeat it again and probably will pay for it again.  Toward the end of my first campaign, when I was 29 years old, I had no money, didn't have a thing--no television money--and all of a sudden, the guy that couldn't possibly be beaten, I am within a point of him, the polls said.  About 10 days before the election, I get a phone call from a group of men I never heard from before in an area of my State, I say to the Presiding Officer, where we used to only ride through and say, ``My God, look at the size of those houses.'' I get a phone call. They were decent men, by the way, decent, honorable men. They called me, and we went out to this place they call ``the hunt country'' in my area. You know it. You know some of the people. I was just so flattered they invited me.  I was thinking, 10 days. My brother, who is 6 years younger than me, was my campaign finance chairman. You can tell how effective we were. We had no money. He was 24 years old. The Senator from South Carolina knows my brother. Jimmy says, while driving me out there, ``You know, Joe, we got a call from the radio stations. If tomorrow we don't have the check for next week, we're off the air.'' Now, like anybody who is running for office, you pour your heart, your soul, everything into this.  