 President.  Mr. President, Ambassador Albright possesses a rare talent for articulating the reasons why events in seemingly far away places matter a great deal to ordinary Americans.  I was with another member of this administration, Sandy Berger, today and we were talking about it. I said that I had to leave to go and deal with Madeleine Albright's nomination on the floor. And I said, ``They seem to like her.'' I don't think this is inappropriate to suggest. There is no State secret. He said, ``We were at a meeting, and she used the line that I think is great, and it captures what is going on. She said, `It is amazing that the 1 percent of the resources of this Government may very well' ''--that is approximately what we spend on the whole foreign policy establishment of this Government--`` `\1\ percent of the resources of this Government will probably determine 50 percent of the future of this Nation over the next 6 to 8 years.' ''  The reason I bother to mention that as an aside is that one of the things she grasped very well, as all great Secretaries of State have, is in the context in which she is operating, and the context in which the foreign policy it will be her responsibility to promote will be hers.  Ambassador Albright has made a convincing argument for the United States to remain engaged throughout the world and for this Congress to give the State Department the resources it needs to, as she said, ``promote and protect the interests of the American people.''  I look forward to working with Ambassador Albright to secure an adequate level of funding for her to direct American diplomacy, in order that our Foreign Service officers, our U.S. Information Service officers, and our Agency for International Development workers can be active throughout the world. We need a diplomatic corps that can react quickly and decisively to crises before they escalate and then threaten peace and stability. We cannot afford to keep the State Department so underfunded that diplomats are reduced to making calls from pay phones because our missions are so poorly equipped that even the telephones don't work.  Mr. President, there is much more to say and much that has been said. I do not want to be the one to slow up the process. Let me conclude by suggesting that I particularly look forward to working with Ambassador Albright in a number of specific areas--the ratification of the Chemical Weapons Convention before it enters into force April 29, and to negotiate further arms control treaties, including a Start III accord.  I also look forward to developing a policy in Bosnia that allows us to withdraw our forces by mid-1998 without allowing a relapse into renewed fighting among the various parties there.  I also am looking forward to encouraging democracy throughout the world in places like Serbia, Belarus, Iraq, China, Burma, and Cuba, all of which are going to be daunting tasks we face. And to be sure, before NATO decides to admit new members--I hope that we will--that the enlargement will increase the security of all the countries in Europe, and, second, that the costs of enlargement are fairly allocated in a manner not unduly burdensome on the American taxpayer. And third, that a NATO charter with Russia can be concluded that allows the alliance the opportunity to consult with Moscow before making final decisions, in order to accommodate enhanced security in Europe. And also to increase our efforts at combating the scourge of international drug trafficking, which threatens so many of our neighborhoods and families.  The one thing that every Secretary of State has given lip service to is dealing with that issue. The one thing that every Secretary of State, Democrat or Republican, has promptly forgotten is a commitment I have gotten before from every Secretary that they will not forget. But I want the Record to note, if Madeleine Albright is listening, that I remind her I will not forget her commitment that the State Department should be involved in that testy, little, difficult item of dealing with the international drug problem. The truth of the matter is most folks at the State Department and foreign policy types think it is kind of beneath them to deal with drug policy, and I am here to tell them, now that I rank on the Democratic side, I will be a thorn in their side about increasing their attention to that issue.  Mr. President, I am enthusiastic about the prospect of working with Ambassador Albright over the next 4 years. I am confident that she will cooperate closely with the Senate to ensure that our foreign policy continues to embody American ideals and to serve the interests of the United States around the globe.  I strongly urge my fellow Senators to vote to confirm Madeleine Albright as our next Secretary of State.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  