  Mr. President, this is not the right way to do this. Let me repeat that again. This is not the right way to do this. If the circuit were to be split, we should do it in a way we have done it in the past.  When some of my colleagues who have argued for the split in the past have come before the committee, they have said some of the following things. The argument is, ``Well, the reason we want a split is we don't want to have the court, basically a California-dominated court, making judgments for the folks in my State. We are different.''  And I point out to my colleagues who say that, you know, it is a funny thing about the circuit courts. Our Founding Fathers set the circuit courts up for a basic fundamental reason. They didn't want 50 different interpretations of the Federal Constitution. It is kind of strange. The whole purpose of the circuit court of appeals was to make sure there was a uniform view as to how to read the Constitution--not a Montana reading, not a Washington State reading, not a Nevada reading, not a Hawaii reading, and not an Alaska reading. Geography is relevant only in terms of convenience--not ideology.  This is all about ideology at its core. That is what this is about. That is what the attempt to split it is about.  There is no data to sustain that this should be done. Let the Judicial Conference make a judgment, make a recommendation to us. Let them decide as they have in the past.  I say to my friends from the South, before I got here, we split up what used to be a giant circuit from Texas to Florida. The Senator's home State was part of the Presiding Officer's home State, was part of this giant district of the circuit court, and it got split. We did it the right way. We got the facts. We heard from the Judicial Conference. We listened to the court.  This is about politics. It is no way to deal with the court. It isn't how to do this.  Let's look at what we have. We don't have any data on the operation of the circuit as it is presently configured. So, therefore, it seems to me, we should at least give some weight to those folks who are on the court, and those folks who are litigants argue before the court--the bar of those States.  With that in mind, let me point out that the Ninth Circuit Judicial Council, the governing body of all the courts in the ninth circuit, is unanimously opposed to this--Republican appointees to that court, Democratic appointees to that court, liberal appointees, conservative appointees, pointed-head appointees, flat-headed appointees. They are all opposed.  Let's look at the next thing that makes sense to look at--those who litigate before the court.  The California bar is opposed to this. The Arizona bar is opposed to this. The Hawaii State Bar Association is opposed to this. Big Sky Country Bar from Montana is opposed to this. The State of Nevada's bar is opposed to this, and the State of Idaho.  Mr. President, I would also point out that splitting the circuit, as proposed, will not guarantee that certain regional interests will be better represented. Keep in mind that is what this is really about--regional interests.  That is the part that bothers me about how we are going about this.  Look, I am from the third circuit way back East--Pennsylvania, Delaware. So I am not telling anybody in the other part of the country what their business is. But it offends me that we have argued at least--I have not been here for the debate--in the committee based upon regional bias. There is not a Western Federal Constitution. There is not an Eastern Federal Constitution. There is not a Southern Federal Constitution. There is one Constitution--one.  Another problem with this legislation that the court will face is the costs incurred. Dividing this circuit requires trading an infrastructure to support the new twelfth circuit. The Ninth Circuit Executive Office estimates that the initial startup cost for the establishment of the new twelfth circuit would amount to tens of millions of dollars. Operating costs of maintaining two circuits have been estimated to be more than $5 million per year.  Look, I think the Senator from California has been eminently reasonable throughout this whole process. By the way, if anybody wonders whether this is not about regionalism, which is the worst thing we could be talking about when we talk about the Federal Constitution, let me remind my colleagues of a point in fact.  No ninth circuit judge has been appointed to the court for a long time because those who, in fact, are suggesting that this should be split said, ``Unless it is split, we are not letting any judges go on the court.''  Think of that now, Mr. President. Isn't that nice?  ``You won't split the court so we can have a regional division. We are not letting any folks get on the court. And then we are going to tell you that the court is overworked. Then we are going to tell you the court has a backlog. Then we are going to tell you the court has a problem.''  The reason, if it does, is because they have arbitrarily held up the appointments.  Republican judges from the circuit have come to my office--Democratic judges from the circuit, Reagan appointees, Bush appointees--and said, ``Can't you do something?'' I said, ``You are talking to the wrong guy. You are preaching to the choir. Go to the guys who are blocking these judges.''  So, Mr. President, you can make an argument that this court is overworked. You can make the argument that this distribution is but part of the argument. The reason is a self-fulfilling prophesy. You don't put judges on the circuit. You create a problem.  I can see my time is up. I thank my colleague for yielding.  This is a bad idea. It is not the right way to go about it.  