 President, I want to compliment my esteemed chairman, Senator Hatch, for forging a consensus on this complex issue. As my colleagues know, I was engaged in negotiations on the Chemical Weapons convention resolution of ratification for months, and I know first hand how many deeply held views this treaty implicates and how difficult it is to bring the parties together.  But we succeeded on the treaty and now, with the help of many Senators on both sides of the aisle, have succeeded on the implementing legislation.  I supported this compromise measure in committee and will do so again now because it takes the important steps necessary to implement the Chemical Weapons Convention.  As required by the convention, this bill will enact tough criminal sanctions for possessing, stockpiling, transferring, and using chemical weapons. It will also require U.S. companies to report on their production and use of potentially dangerous chemicals and submit to inspections of their facilities.  Taking these steps will demonstrate to the rest of the world that the United States is committed to continuing its leadership role in arms control and other issues of global importance.  I want to make clear, however, that I do not support some of the provisions in this bill and have very serious concerns about their impact on the convention.  In particular, I do not believe we should be granting the President discretionary authority to deny a CWC inspection based on national security grounds, as would be done by section 401. By signing and ratifying this treaty, the United States--with the advice and consent of 74 Members of this body, given less than a month ago--agreed to allow certain inspections, subject to our constitutional requirements. With few exceptions, denial of a duly authorized inspection would violate the convention.  Even if the President never exercises this authority, the mere inclusion of this provision in the legislation will encourage other countries to deny inspections on national security grounds. If we should enact to so-called national security exception, we can be sure that the Chinese will seize upon the precedent we set and use it to undermine the effectiveness of the entire certification regime.  I have similar concerns regarding section 403, which would exempt from reporting and routine inspection requirements unscheduled discrete organic chemicals that are coincidental byproducts and are not isolated or captured for use or sale. While waste streams are not, in themselves, a threat to the object and purposes of the CWC regime, monitoring of such streams does afford one of the most convenient and nonintrusive means of determining whether a facility is worthy of concern in the first place.  The drafters of this provision are concerned that CWC implementation would otherwise require paper manufacturers to undertake costly monitoring of their waste streams, and that is an understandable concern. There is no need, however, to grant such a broad exemption as is currently contained in this section.  I am also troubled by:  The broad compensation scheme in section 103 that does not even require a plaintiff to prove its case by a preponderance of the evidence to receive taxpayer funded compensation for the loss of trade secrets; and  The limitation in sections 102 and 308 on the Government's power to require contractors to submit to CWC inspections.  I hope to work with other Senators and the administration to ameliorate these concerns prior to enactment of this measure. Treaties are solemn obligations, and the Chemical Weapons Convention, with all its faults, is our best hope for exposing violators and mobilizing the world so as to put a stop to chemical weapons. We must resist the urge, therefore, to enact provisions that could conflict with our treaty obligations and do damage to the effectiveness of the treaty regime.  