 President, I come to floor today to discuss the new juvenile justice grant program contained in the appropriations bill for the Commerce, Justice, and State Departments. Of course, I would have preferred the appropriators to defer to the Judiciary Committee, which considered juvenile crime legislation for over a month and reported a bill to the Senate floor, so we could have a full debate and develop effective, comprehensive juvenile crime legislation.  That said, I am pleased that the conference report addresses one of my primary concerns by relaxing the mandates contained in earlier proposals that would have required States to try more juveniles as adults to qualify for federal funding.  Recall that the juvenile crime bill passed by the House of Representatives last spring would have disqualified States from receiving federal funds unless prosecutors had complete discretion to try certain 15-year-olds as adults. Similarly, as originally introduced, the Senate Republican's youth crime bill --S. 10--would have required States to give prosecutors unfettered discretion to try 14-year-olds as adults, even for minor crimes, to qualify for funding. S. 10 as passed by the Committee loosened this restriction substantially, by enabling States to qualify for funding so long as 14-year-olds were eligible to be tried as adults for serious violent crimes, which they already are in almost every State.  Similarly, the new program contained in the appropriations bill passed by Congress today does not require States to change their laws on trying juveniles as adults. All a State must do to participate in the new program is to certify that it is ``actively considering'' such changes in policy. So, a State can say, ``we're going to think about it,'' introduce legislation but not enact it, or even reject legislative changes and still qualify for the new federal youth crime fighting funds.  I support this relaxation from the earlier proposals because trying more juveniles as adults is likely to be counterproductive. The research shows that juveniles tried in the adult system aremore likely to be released on bail, less likely to be convicted, punished more slowly, and incarcerated less frequently than in the juvenile justice system. If we want to get tough on juvenile crime, trying kids as adults is the wrong answer.  What is more, placing juveniles in adult jails--where they have exposure to hardened criminals--will only make them more likely to commit crimes once they get out. So despite popular opinion, trying more kids as adults may make our crime problem worse, not better.  Instead of imposing unproven, Washington-based solutions on the States, the best thing the federal government can do is provide local law enforcement, prosecutors, juvenile courts, and community based organizations additional funds to develop creative, comprehensive strategies to address juvenile crime. Such strategies are beginning to bear fruit across the country as juvenile crime has fallen significantly in the past two years.  The new juvenile crime block grant takes a partial step in the right direction by providing $250 million for juvenile justice system improvements. But this new program is deeply flawed by failing to permit State and localities to use any of these funds for juvenile crime prevention programs. Police chiefs and prosecutors around the country are emphatic that to be effective in combating juvenile crime, we have to combine tough enforcement with effective prevention programs. The new block grant sends the wrong message to our States and localities by requiring that all the funds be spent on enforcement and juvenile justice system improvements.  I am also concerned that the new program will not result in sufficient funding for juvenile prosecutors. Past experience has shown that block grants that flow through local governments do not result in very much funding for prosecutors offices. In the Senate youth crime bill, we have established a grant program--albeit an underfunded one--that would provide federal funding directly to prosecutors specifically for juvenile crime fighting efforts. I will work to fix these and other flaws in the new program when we consider youth violence legislation next year.  