       . . . the Board believes that a transfer of existing      broadcasting support costs and personnel from USIA to the      international broadcasting entity would be a ``cost neutral''      transaction within the foreign affairs budget function. Such      a transfer could cover space costs and management support      services currently provided by USIA, including security,      accounting, payroll, training, and procurement.  This notion that salaries would explode isn't realistic. We can't even get a raise for judges here, which most of my colleagues tell me we should get. They have to come with an appropriation every year. You think these salaries are going to explode and that this is going to be a sitting duck?  My view is, if I can see it, if I can feel it, if I have to confirm it and it is not buried in an organization, I have a lot more impact on it. Look, as I said, there is a lot to say, but the former VOA directors, the Voice of America directors, they do not argue, Democrat and Republican, that we should put the radios and VOA into the State Department. They say keep it where it is.  So, I really admire the Senator. I will say again, the people of Wisconsin should be thankful and appreciative that he kept his commitment. He saved them money. Like in that movie, ``Show me the money.'' You saved them the money. Now, move on, Senator. There ain't no more money to save unless you are eliminating all of the radios. And if you move them into the State Department, which your amendment would do, that will be the effect.  I asked my colleague, because we are good friends, I asked, how long are yougoing to go on this? He said, well, I am going to make my points and then go as long as required to have to respond to your responses. I said, you mean if I don't keep responding, you won't respond?  I think he implicitly said yes. So I am going to stop responding to his responses in the hope that he will stop responding and we can get on with the vote. Hopefully, the vote will be like it was in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, overwhelmingly, a majority of Democrats and majority of Republicans staying committed to the savings he has initiated and staying committed to the radios.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Allard). The Senator from Wisconsin.  