  I think it is unnecessary because I think it is a given. But let me explain, in fairness, why we got to this point and why I thought it was--speaking only for myself--a clarification, although in some sense I thought it was a demeaning clarification. Let me explain.  During the negotiations on the flank agreement, there was concern about what became referred to as a ``side agreement.'' That was, there was an issue that came up during the negotiations where a diplomatic note was passed, which is classified--I am not able to give you, but I can tell you from the committee testimony what it said--a note that was passed to the Russian representative dealing with the issue of the stationing of Russian troops on the soil of the countries you named.  The Under Secretary of State, Lynn Davis, who appeared before the committee on April 29, was asked to explain. He went on to explain why a statement was made to the Russians. The statement made was that we would--this is the quote, in part--``the United States is prepared to facilitate or act as an intermediary for a successful outcome in discussions that could take place under the flank agreement and the CFE Treaty between Russia and other Newly Independent States.''  The worry expressed by my friends in the Republican Party was that this reflected a possible inclination to try to mollify Russia and put American pressure on Moldova or Georgia or other states to accept Russian deployment of Russian forces on their soil.  The concern was that the assertion made by the U.S. negotiators was a way of saying, do not worry, we are going to help you to get Russian troops placed in those regions.  Lynn Davis, the Under Secretary said, no, that was never the intention of that ``side agreement,'' as it became referred to.  I will quote what he said at the hearing to my friend from West Virginia. He said:       We see this particular statement of our intentions as part      of the reassurance that we can make so that those countries      will feel that this is an agreement that continues to be in      their security interests. This statement of our intentions      makes clear that the commitment is predicated on an      understanding that any agreements between Russia and the      Newly Independent States must be done on a voluntary basis      with due respect for the sovereignty of the countries      involved, and our role here is indeed to reinforce that and      ensure that it is carried out.  This was the concern that was expressed by my friends on the Republican side, that the United States intention to level the playing field between Russia and other Newly Independent States had not been seen that way by all concerned.  So what was done--and the administration signed on to the condition--was to make it crystal clear that this offer of an intermediary role was not for the purpose of using our influence or power to coerce them into accepting a demand or a suggestion from their Russian brethren.  That is the context, I say to my friend, in which it came up. You used the phrase ``the committee became alarmed.'' Some in the committee were alarmed because of the wording of the ``side agreement.'' This was done to clarify what the administration says was their intent from the beginning but now locks in the stated interpretation by the administration of what that whole thing was all about.  I hope I have answered the question, and I hope I have done it correctly.  