 President, I would like to offer just few comments to indicate why I believe the course chosen by the majority today relating to the independent counsel is unwarranted.  First, the official responsible for initiating the appointment of an independent counsel--Attorney GeneralJanet Reno--has maintained the highest standards of integrity and professionalism. Second, the Attorney General has proven her willingness to request the appointment of independent counsels in the past when she believed the statutory standard was met. And, third, the Attorney General has already undertaken a serious inquiry into the campaign fundraising issues and continues to consider, as the facts develop, whether to seek an independent counsel.  As we review the facts, we must remember that the independent counsel statute is triggered only upon receipt of specific, credible evidence that high-ranking Government officials listed in the statute may have violated our criminal laws. This is an appropriately high threshold that must be met before the process of appointing an independent counsel can go forward. This standard is not met by vague allegations. The law does not apply to unethical, improper, or unseemly conduct. Rather, the statute is triggered only after the Attorney General determines, after consulting with career Justice Department prosecutors and engaging in a serious, deliberative process, that the statutory test has been satisfied.  The conduct of the 1996 elections are being carefully scrutinized by the Department of Justice. A task force comprised of career prosecutors from the Public Integrity Section of the Criminal Division, supported by over 30 FBI agents, has been assembled to explore fully the range of issues that have been raised. This task force will determine which, if any, of the allegations warrant criminal investigation. Of course, if the task force receives specific evidence from a credible source that a person covered by the Independent Counsel Act may have violated the law, a preliminary investigation under the act would be initiated. But, to date, the Attorney General has determined that the Department has not received such evidence.  In short, we are at the early stages of the task force's operations where the job is best left to career investigators and prosecutors.  What is more, under the independent counsel statute, it is the Judiciary Committee--not the full Senate--which has the most proper oversight role of the independent counsel process. I argued last week that was unnecessary for the Judiciary Committee to make any conclusions at this time as to the propriety of appointing an independent counsel. But, a majority of the committee did exactly that last week. Now, the full Senate has been called on to embark on an even more unnecessary and unwarranted course by asking all Senators to--in effect--substitute their judgement for that of the career investigators and prosecutors. I do not believe that the members of the Judiciary Committee who spend so much of their time overseeing Justice Department activities could make such a judgement now--so, I certainly do not think it possible that all the other Senators who do not sit on the Judiciary Committee can prudently or accurately make this judgement.  Not only do we have a comprehensive task force already reviewing the 1996 campaign fundraising issues, but we also have an Attorney General who has repeatedly shown her independence, integrity, and willingness to call for an independent counsel. Since taking office, Attorney General Reno has requested the appointment of at least four independent counsels--Kenneth Starr, Donald C. Smaltz, David M. Barrett, and Daniel S. Pearson--to investigate wrongdoing of high executive branch officials and other individuals covered by the statute.  In short, the most prudent course today is to wait for the Justice Department's investigation to be completed. Then, and only then, can the need for appointment of an independent counsel can be evaluated based on a complete and full record.  I would also add that this is consistent with how I have proceeded in past cases. For example, in 1992, I, along with several other Democratic Senators on the Judiciary Committee sent a letter to then-Attorney General William Barr requesting that he call for an independent counsel to investigate the possibility that high-ranking officials engaged in obstruction of justice in the prosecution of a particular case. I did so only after Attorney General Barr had appointed a special counsel, indicating that the Attorney General had already concluded that criminal conduct may have taken place. I called for an independent counsel at that point to ensure that this investigation be carried out by someone whose independence was clear, rather than by a special counsel hired by the Attorney General.  Finally, we also need to keep in mind that there are some costs to appointing an independent counsel at this time. An inquiry is already well under way--FBI agents have been assigned to the task force and, according to press reports, subpoenas have been issued and a grand jury has been convened. Once an independent counsel is appointed, that inquiry must be shut down and the independent counsel will have to start from scratch. And as we know from past experience, independent counsel investigations can linger for years. So if we are interested in resolving this matter, and getting answers as soon as possible, we ought to allow the Justice Department to go forward and put our trust in Attorney General Reno to trigger the independent counsel statute only if and when she deems it necessary.  