 President, I am pleased that the Senate is today acting on the Extradition Treaties Interpretation Act. I appreciate the cooperation of the chairman of the committee, and the cooperation and assistance of the executive branch, in moving this bill forward.  The bill is very short, and I will not take the Senate's time to review it at length. In brief, the bill is designed to remedy a disparity in U.S. extradition law and practice. The disparity is this: under certain extradition treaties, the crime of parental abduction--when one parent takes a child in violation of law or a custody order and against the wishes of the other parent--is not extraditable. That is so for two related reasons.  The criminalization of parental abduction is a relatively recent development in U.S. criminal law. Prior to the mid-1970's, parental abduction was generally considered a family law matter not covered by criminal law. In the last two decades or so, U.S. criminal law has evolved significantly. All 50 statesmake the act a crime, as does the District of Columbia and the Federal Government.  As a consequence of this development in the law, a disparity has been created in U.S. extradition law. The disparity occurs in a subset of extradition treaties referred to as ``list'' treaties--so named because they specifically enumerate, or list, the crimes under the treaty that are considered extraditable. Thus, because the act of parental abduction was not a crime when these older list treaties were ratified, it has been the practice of the executive branch to interpret the treaties as excluding parental abduction. This concern does not arise in more modern ``dual criminality'' treaties, which avoid the limiting nature of the list treaties by allowing extradition in any case where both countries make a practice a felony.  Seeking to remove this disparity, the Clinton administration has requested authority to adopt a new interpretation of the term ``kidnapping'' in the list treaties so that it encompasses parental abduction. The Foreign Relations Committee strongly supports this request, and voted unanimously last month to report the bill to the Senate.  The chairman and I have offered a substitute amendment which makes several changes to the Committee-reported bill which were recommended by the Justice Department after it gave closer review to the legislation. The changes are modest, and mostly technical. I would highlight only one: the committee-reported bill provided, in the operative section of the bill, section 3, that the Congress authorizes the interpretation of the term kidnapping to include international parental kidnapping. The substitute omits the word ``international,'' for an important reason: the crime of international parental abduction, which includes as an element the taking of a child out of the country, is a Federal offense. But the practical reality is that most extradition cases will involve crimes prosecuted at the state level, where the offense does not include the aforementioned element of removing the child from the country. Thus, the substitute ensures that the bill has the broadest possible reach.  Mr. President, the abduction of children by their parents is a heartwrenching crime. This bill will ensure that there is no disparity in U.S. extradition law and practice with regard to this crime, and, I hope, will help lead to the extradition of individuals wanted for this crime. I urge my colleagues to support the bill.  