 You pour everything into it. So I was sitting there, and I was within a point, according to the polls, of pulling off at that time, that year, what was viewed as the upset of the year. I wasn't even old enough, Mr. President, to be sworn in the day I got elected.  So I was riding out there. I walked into this room with nice big leather couches. I get offered, like we do in the Foreign Relations Committee, a sherry. That is a kind of foreign relations thing, sherry. I get offered a sherry. I don't drink, so I politely said, ``No thanks.''  These guys are real nice guys, five or six of them, and most of them made a living, God bless them--I don't begrudge them this--by clipping coupons. They came from wealthy families with a lot of money, and they are decent guys. Two of them had already been helping me. They thought this was a nice little revolution, this kid coming up doing this.  They sat there and looked at me. The one guy who was the older of this group--I say I was 29, so they were probably between the ages of 32 and 40. One guy looks at me and says, ``Joe, can you tell us your position on capital gains?'' Now, Mr. President, I knew the right answer for $30,000. I knew the right answer. Capital gains had not been an issue in the campaign. I had never spoken out on capital gains. No one had talked about it, but I am not stupid.  I was sitting there--and this is the God's truth--I was sitting in that room seeing what I worked for for 2 years about to go down the drain because I don't have $20,000 to keep my radio ads on the air. $20,000 wouldn't get you anything these days, but it would have kept me on the air for 10 more days with my radio ads, which were very effective, as it turned out.  I sat there, and I don't know why I did it--not because I am so honorable and brave or anything--I just blurted out, ``I don't think we have to change the capital gains structure.'' That was the end of the conversation. Everybody was very polite to me, said, ``Great idea,'' and talked about a few other things. They said, ``Joe, lots of luck in your senior year.'' I got up and left. I didn't raise any money from them.  I could have said, ``You know, gentlemen, I think the capital gains rate should be reduced.'' I knew that is how they all made their living. By the way, there is a legitimate, serious argument that capital gains should be reduced. It is not like it is something that is immoral or bad. I just happen to disagree with it. The truth is, I had not even thought that much about it, so it would not have been like I was selling my soul had I changed a position. But, the contrariant instinct got the better of me. I heard the words come out of my mouth and I thought, ``Oh, my God, what did I just say?''  Maybe I should not be so honest, but I have been around here too long. I have been here 24 years. And, this story illustrates the corrupting nature of the process. I have never known anybody I have worked with where a contributor says, ``Here, I got some money for you if you go ahead and take a certain position.'' That is not how it works. That is not the corruption. The corruption is sort of an insidious thing. It is insidious. But, in the public's mind, it is all bad now, even when we get support from people for positions we die for politically--whether somebody contributed to us or not, we would hold them dear, we would go down.  I always say to young people when they say they want to run for office, answer one question: Is there something you are willing to lose over? If you are not willing to lose over something, you should not get involved in politics; you should go do something else.  And for all the women and men in the Senate, there are positions over which they are willing to give up their seats rather than yield on. Somebody who contributes to them, who happens to share their view on that issue--now it is tainted in the public's mind. When we get support from people who are supporting us because we are of like mind, not because we changed our mind to get their support, we are viewed in a way that we must have done it because of the contribution. That is how bad it has gotten.  So what I do not understand, I say to my friend from South Carolina, is, you would think out of mere self-preservation and our own honor----  