 President, while we are waiting for Senator Murkowski to have his conversation, I would ask if the Chair will indulge me for just 2 minutes here.  It is remarkable, quite frankly, that we have made the progress that we have as rapidly as we have. I want to publicly thank the chairman, for we both stuck with this compromise notwithstanding there are individual amendments we would have liked to have voted for. I want the record to show that the chairman did the same thing.  But there is one issue which I realize we cannot resolve now, and that is this issue of whether or not we could work out the ability of the administration to negotiate how to handle the $107 million that is owed from the U.N. We cannot do that now, I agree.  I just want to suggest to the chairman that although I will not change anything, that between now and the dance, now and the conference, we will be working hard with the chairman and his colleagues to see if we can figure out some solution to that. But I understand there is no commitment to that at all.  As we move toward final passage, Mr. President, of this bill, I would like to acknowledge the tremendous work and help that the chairman and I have received from the staff of the Foreign Relations Committee.  On the chairman's side--he will obviously thank people; and it is usually the tradition for us to thank our own staff--but I must tell the chairman that everything he ever advertised about Admiral Nance is correct, and more. I hope he will forgive me for thanking his staff first on this, but Admiral Nance and Tom Kleine, who has been sitting with the chairman the whole time, Patty McNerney and Chris Walker of his staff have been a pleasure to work with. I guess when staffers come up to the Hill they wonder whether or not they are going to get to deal with the principals. I am probably one of the principals they hope they do not have to deal with. They have seen more of me than their families over the last 4 months, but I want to thank them for their consideration.  I would also like to thank the minority staff. Especially I want to thank my staff director, Ed Hall, who has had--and this is the way it works here. It is not sufficient here that the Members have a good relationship. It is also important that the corresponding staffs have a good relationship. I know that Ed Hall has an inordinately high regard for Admiral Nance. I know the feeling is mutual. I want to particularly thank Ed Hall, if you excuse the point of personal privilege here, for agreeing to stay on. He was the former chairman's and former ranking member's staff director. And I asked him to stay in that capacity for me, and he was incredibly useful to me, and, thankfully, he decided to stay on.  I also want to thank my minority counsel, Brian McKeon. Brian came to work with me, I might point out, Mr. President, right out of college, I guess almost 18 years ago. While he was working with me, he went to law school at night. He was a first-rate student at Georgetown, went off to the Court, clerked for the Court, was going to practice law, and I talked him into coming back here. And I just want to thank him. He handled all of the details of this bill.  I was kidding the other day, if we have an MVP on my side, it is Puneet Talwar. Puneet was the guy who, along with Tom on your staff, Mr. Chairman, got stuck with the detailed negotiations on chemical weapons, on the U.N., on everything else. And on my team, if there is an MVP, Puneet is going to get it.  Mike Haltzel, a professor, has been invaluable to me on European matters. Frank Jannuzi, Munro Richardson, and Ed Levine of my staff, and Diana Ohlbaum, Nancy Stetson, and Janice O'Connell on my colleagues' staff--that is, Dodd, Kerry and Sarbanes--have been incredibly helpful to me.  I also want to thank Dawn Ratliff, Kathi Taylor, and John Lis, who is one of our fellows, and also thank Ursula McManus and Erin Logan, and our interns who have given up their valuable time.  Let me conclude--and I will do it now while we are waiting so that I do not take the time of my colleagues. For my colleagues who are listening, I am not holding up your plans. We cannot move anyway until the distinguished Senator from Alaska finishes his conversation with the Secretary of State.  But, Mr. President, the passage today--and I am hoping and expecting that we will pass the Foreign Relations authorization --represents a significant bipartisan commitment to the United States' continued engagement in the world.  First, the basic authorization legislation for the Department of State, the U.S. Information Agency, the Arms Control Disarmament Agency and the Peace Corps marks a bipartisan commitment to restore funding which will enhance our diplomatic readiness abroad.  We all know that funding for foreign policy spending is the lowest it has been in 20 years. Today's action by the Senate is a heartening expression of bipartisan support for our diplomats on the front lines of American engagement abroad.  We have restored full funding for the State Department's core missions, fully funded the education and cultural exchange programs, the National Endowment for Democracy, the Peace Corps, and international broadcasting. We have increased the funding for Radio Free Asia at a critical time in that region's history. We have done a great deal.  Second, the Senate has passed landmark legislation that provides a framework for reorganization of the foreign affairs agency that is totally consistent with the plan announced by the President of the United States on April 18. Like the President's plan, this bill provides for integration of ACDA within the State Department within 1 year, the integration of the USIA within 2 years, and the partial integration for the Agency for International Development in the State Department.  Additionally, it maintains the current structure for U.S.-sponsored international broadcasting but keeps it outside the Department of State so as to ensure its journalistic independence.  Finally, Mr. President, the Senate enacted a bipartisan comprehensive package--is about to, I hope--which provides for payment of $819 million in U.S. arrearages to the United Nations. This proposal, Mr. President, will go a long way toward restoring the fiscal health of the United Nations while spurring needed reforms for that world body.  Equally important, this agreement, a bipartisan plan supported by the administration, will allow us to get a very difficult and contentious issue behind us so we can move forward on the important issues on the foreign policyagenda. Ideally, we should not have attached the conditions, but I am a pragmatist and I recognize, as does the administration, that there will be no approval of U.N. arrearages in Congress absent some conditions, and the conditions which the chairman has asked for are reasonable.  So we had a choice. We can continue to press unconditional payment for arrearages and let this issue fester for another Congress or agree to a reasonable set of conditions that permits us to pay our debts. I believe the action the Senate is about to take will be a correct decision, one in the best interests of the United States. It has been a long time and it is time to end the long-festering feud between the United Nations and Washington and our unpaid back dues, and it is time to bring up needed reform to that world body so it can more efficiently perform its missions. It is time to move forward together to restore the bipartisan commitment to the United States which has been part of that Nation's proud heritage for 50 years.  Mr. President, the people in my State--small, I acknowledge--are used to bipartisanship. Senator Roth and I are close political allies and friends. Our lone Congressman Mike Castle, who is a Republican, our Democratic Governor, we are all used to getting things done in a bipartisan way in my State. I have always felt if that tradition could be carried back to the Senate, it would better serve our Nation.  I want to say I did not doubt it, but I am sure a number of neutral observers would have doubted it, the Secretary of State is not only a friend of the chairman, so am I. The idea that Joe Biden, a Democratic Senator from Delaware, and Jesse Helms, a Republican Senator from North Carolina, could operate in this way does not surprise either of us, but I am sure it surprises the living devil out of an awful lot of other people.  I am reminded of something that was said to me once by Jim Eastland. It is a true story. I was in a difficult campaign fight in the late 1980's, and I saw Chairman Eastland. I was flunking, you might say, what I call the slope-of-the-shoulder test. When you ask a candidate how they are doing in a race and they go, ``Oh, I am doing fine,'' you know they are not doing very well. I guess I had that look like I'm losing. The Chairman pulled me aside and said, ``Joe, what could Jim Eastland do for you in Delaware?'' I said, ``Mr. Chairman, in some places you would help and some you would hurt.'' He said, ``I will make a commitment. I will campaign for you or against you, whichever will help the most.''  I realize my saying nice things about the chairman may not help him, but I mean it sincerely when I say that he has been an absolute gentleman. He has kept his commitment, which I never doubted he would, and this is evidence of the fact that if reasonable men are willing to sit down and talk--we had a real sit-down meeting, when I took over this committee for the Democrats, with the chairman of the full committee, and we agreed on the broad outlines of each of our agendas. The most important one was to make the committee work and make foreign policy function and be a positive force. He has kept every one of those commitments. He has won some and lost some. I have won some and lost some. But I think the Nation is better served for it.  I conclude, Mr. President, with this last comment. If Senator Helms and I had come to the floor in January and said to this body, ``By the way, by midsummer we will present to you a bipartisan plan on the floor of the five most contentious issues to face the U.S. Senate in foreign policy,'' I think you would have thought that it was time for both of us to leave because we might have been certifiable. We knew we could do that, and with the great help of the staff that I have mentioned, we have been able to do that, and with the cooperation and assistance of the administration.  So I want to thank the President for committing his administration to deal forthrightly and in detail with us, and I want to thank the chairman and his staff for accommodating an arrangement by which we hammered these things out. We produced a significant package here. Neither one of us are naive enough to suggest we know what will happen, if and when it passes here, with any degree of certainty, but we each kept our commitment to one another. I think the body, based on the votes we have seen today, I hope it reflects the feeling on the part of our colleagues that we have, that a bipartisan foreign policy is in the best interests of the United States.  I again thank the chairman, and I yield the floor. I will not say any more at the end of the process after Senator Murkowski comes out.  