 President, Congressman Richardson reminded us that while U.N. reform is important, we must never lose sight of the fundamental value of the United Nations for our national interests. We rely on the United Nations to provide humanitarian assistance to millions who otherwise would have no source of food or shelter. We rely on the United Nations to eradicate disease and improve health. We rely on the United Nations to prevent nuclear proliferation. We rely on the U.N. to facilitate and maintain peace. The United Nations allows us to combine our resources with those of others to bring about outcomes that are in our national interest.  We must pursue reform, but we should not use reform as a stalking horse to undermine the United Nations' ability to carry out tasks that serve our fundamental interests.  We must maintain our leadership in the United Nations. Doing so entails meeting our commitments to the United Nations; specifically, it means paying our back dues. We cannot expect others to fulfill their international obligations if we do not fulfill our own.  The President's request for a $921 million supplemental appropriation. to be disbursed 2 years from now, is a good place to begin a bipartisan effort to pay off our debt and encourage meaningful U.N. reform.  Mr. President, I look forward to working with Congressman Richardson over the next 4 years to ensure that the United States continues to play a leading role at the United Nations so that the United Nations continues to work in America's interests.  Let me just suggest that I think since I have been here--and it has been 24 years--we have not had anyone who by temperament, experience, background, and education is any more qualified to be our Ambassador to the United Nations than Ambassador Richardson. We, all of us who have served here, at least for 2 years or more, have come to know him personally or have become acquainted with his incredible record of special missions, where he has not gone off on his own but gone off under the aegis and umbrella, at least, and being told by informing administrations what he has been doing, and the remarkable negotiations that he has undertaken with such remarkable results.  The reason I mention that is not that that qualifies a man or woman to be the Ambassador to the United Nations in and of itself, but it indicates that this is a man who understands how to assess his opposition's interests and how to try to meet that interest without yielding on any principle that is important to this country. I think Madeleine Albright did that job well, as others have, and I think that Bill will do it equally as well.  I also think that he goes there equipped with a firsthand knowledge of the concerns expressed by the chairman of the committee, the Senator from North Carolina, and our distinguished colleague from New Hampshire, who just spoke. This is not something he has to divine or guess about. This is not just in terms of our arrearages. Our involvement with the United Nations--and the future relationship the United States will have with the United Nations--is something that he is personally aware of, in terms of the intensity, the extent to which the concern exists, and the detail of the concern as emanated from the U.S. Congress, both in the House and the Senate.  So, he is a man who will arrive on the scene fully aware of both sides of this equation. He is not just a very gifted academic or diplomat who will serve us there. He is not someone who has just learned academically of the concern of the Congress and the simple, basic, legitimate political concerns that we have. I don't mean partisan political, I mean political in the sense that we have to answer to our constituencies as to what we are going to do about paying arrearages, if we pay arrearages, and how we pay them. And I think that is a particularly useful background for a man to have at this moment, going to that job.  He is, as I said, academically qualified. He is qualified by temperament. He is qualified by experience. And he is qualified, uniquely qualified in what is probably the single most significant issue that has faced our relations with the United Nations, probably since the United Nations has come into existence. That is: What is the relationship and role of the President's authority to make commitments relative to the use of American dollars and forces in other parts of the world, and how does that interrelate with the Congress and the Senate, in particular, and how and under what circumstances should we be making up our arrearages and looking out for our longer term interests at the United Nations?  So for those reasons and many others which I have not mentioned here today, I think Bill Richardson is the right man for the job at this moment, although I suspect he would be qualified for the job at any moment. But I think he is particularly qualified to take over this job at this time.  