 President, today, we renew our call for the congress to pass the ``law enforcement officers' bill of rights act.'' For 6 years, I have been working with Senator McConnell, other Senators, and the Nation's police officers to pass into law a bill protecting the rights of law enforcement officers on the front line of this Nation's fight against violent crime and drug trafficking.  Before addressing the specifics of this legislation, I want to discuss the reality of law enforcement today. The simple fact is that as Federal, State, and local officials push to expand ``community'' or ``problem-solving'' policing we are necessarily requiring police officers to move away from standard procedures and towards more creative approaches.  Of course, as we encourage creativity, there is always the need to guarantee the highest standards of police conduct.  Unfortunately, because police department's internal disciplinary procedures vary so widely across the Nation, we are literally moving at cross-purposes. On the one hand, we are calling on police officers to take more creative approaches--which naturally raises thechances of technical violations of department procedures.  While, on the other hand, we subject police officers to varying, often ad hoc, disciplinary procedures which do make clear what specific conduct is appropriate, nor what will happen should the conduct turn out to be a mistake.  In fact, the practices that many departments use to guide internal investigations frequently allow police executives to take arbitrary and unfair actions against innocent police officers, while allowing culpable officers to avoid any punishment at all.  The law enforcement officers' bill of rights is designed to replace the ad hoc nature of many internal police investigations by encouraging States to provide minimum procedural standards to guide such investigations. The standards and protections offered by this bill are modeled on the standards for law enforcement agencies developed by the National Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement.  As the preface to the commission's standards on internal affairs notes:       ``The internal affairs function is important for the      maintenance of professional conduct in a law enforcement      agency. The integrity of the agency depends on the personal      integrity and discipline of each employee. To a large degree,      the pubic image of the agency is determined by the quality of      the internal affairs function in responding to allegations of      misconduct by the agency or its employees.''  The specific standards and rights guaranteed by the law enforcement officers bill of rights are designed to improve and enhance the quality of the internal affairs function, including: The right to be informed by a written statement of the charges brought against an officer; The right to be free from undue coercion or harassment during an investigation; and The right to counsel during an investigation.  The provisions of this bill will take effect at the end of the second full legislative term of each State. After such time, a law enforcement officer whose rights have been abridged may sue in state court for pecuniary and other damages, including full reinstatement.  Although the bill provides certain procedural rights, it gives States considerable discretion in implementing these safeguards, including the flexibility to provide for summary punishment and emergency suspensions of law enforcement officers.  It is also important to note what the bill does not do. The bill explicitly provides that the standards and protections governing internal investigations shall not apply to investigations of criminal misconduct by law enforcement officers. As a result, criminal investigations of law enforcement officers would not be affected by this bill.  Moreover, the protections in this bill do not apply to minor violations of departmental rules or regulations, nor to actions taken on the basis of an officers' employment-related performance.  I would also like to acknowledge the hard work of several of the Nation's leading law enforcement organizations on this important bill. The real leaders behind this effort--and they have been the leaders since the police officers' bill of rights won passage in the Senate in 1991--are the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, the International Brotherhood of Police Officers, and the National Troopers Coalition. No one should be confused about where the force behind the law enforcement officers bill of rights lies--it lies with these organizations. 