 President, I am pleased that we finally have before us the legislation we need to give Amtrak a new lease on life. In my remarks this afternoon, I will start with the bottom line.  When we pass this legislation today, Amtrak will be eligible to receive the $2.3 billion that was provided in last summer's balanced budget plan. This legislation authorizes the continued existence of Amtrak--that authorization expired in 1994--and therefore gives Amtrak access to the capital fund that some of us have worked so many years to establish.  Agreement on the terms of Amtrak's reauthorization has not been easy, Mr. President. It has taken several years to accomplish, marked by many long hours and more frustrations than I care to recall, as agreements we thought were done unraveled over and over again.  The bill before us this afternoon has required the best efforts of many of my colleagues, who have persevered in the face of those frustrations. We could not have reached this point without the leadership of Senator Hutchison, along with Senator McCain, and of course, their colleague on the Commerce Committee, the distinguished majority leader, to reach agreement on the many difficult issues that this legislation has raised.  And I know that without the persistence of Senator John Kerry, along with Senators Hollings and Breaux, we would not have reached this point.  And if I may say so, Mr. President, the entire Delaware congressional delegation has been a part of this process from the beginning. My good friend Bill Roth, chair of the Finance Committee, and our Governor, Tom Carper, who is on the Amtrak board of directors, both continued to play their key roles at critical moments in this process.  The result is a bipartisan compromise, that required that everyone give up some of what they wanted to get as much as possible of what Amtrak needs. Those of us who followed these negotiations closely can count many moments when it seemed that this legislation was dead. Only the long-suffering perseverance of the key players made this legislation possible.  But let's be clear about where we are in the life of Amtrak. As my good friend, Senator McCain, has stressed today, Amtrak is indeed in dire economic trouble. And yes, some of this trouble is indeed due to some of the constraints that we in Congress put on Amtrak's business practices when we created it a quarter of a century ago. That is why the reforms in this legislation are needed.  But I believe that much of the problem is due to our failure over the years to provide our nation's passenger rail system with the level of financial support that we give to other elements of our country's transportation system.  As Senator Kerry has argued here this afternoon, we here in the United States rank below some of the poorest Nations on the planet in the level of financial support per citizen that we provide our passenger rail system.  One result of this has been that during the 25 year life of Amtrak, its employees have seen their wages cut as the cost of living grew while their paychecks stagnated.  In my State of Delaware, we have two of the essential maintenance facilities for Amtrak--at the Wilmington and Bear, DE yards. The workers at these facilities are the best in the business, and are carrying on a tradition that reaches back to the turn of the century in which Delaware has provided essential support for passenger rail along the East Coast.  The hard work that the men and women of the Delaware yards have put in keeping Amtrak's equipment and tracks safe and dependable has been rewarded with a stagnant standard of living. And our citizens--not just in East Coast urban areas, as we often hear, but in small towns all over the country--have had much less passenger rail service than the citizens of other major industrial nations.  By failing to support Amtrak adequately, we have been forced to live with a less efficient transportation system, reducing the effectiveness of the more substantial funds we provide for highways and airports, which are crowded with travelers who might otherwise be able to travel by rail.  We all hope that Amtrak will make the best of the management reforms in this bill to put passenger rail on a healthier financial track for the future. But this legislation entails more than operating reforms and access to a new capital fund.  As Senator McCain so rightly pointed out, this legislation makes provision for termination of Federal Financial support for Amtrak's operations by the year 2002, something already part of our long-term budget plans. It includes provision for a study of the possibility of Amtrak's bankruptcy and liquidation. For the first time in Federal law,we are contemplating the possibility of shutting down passenger rail in this country.  So while those of us who put in the hard work that made this moment possible should rightfully be proud of those efforts, we must not lose sight of the big picture. While we have bought a little more time for Amtrak, we have by no means assured that passenger rail--essential to the efficient operation of every other industrial economy's transportation system--will survive in the United States.  Over the next 5 years, there will be more tough choices as we move toward the twin goals of a balanced Federal budget and the end of Federal operating support for our country's passenger rail system. If we fail to provide Amtrak with the resources it needs to modernize, to attract the ridership and revenues that can advance the goal of self-sufficiency, today's accomplishment will be hollow.  I am not convinced, Mr. President, that we have chosen the right course for passenger rail in this country. No one argues against reforms that make the best use of taxpayers dollars, reforms that permit Amtrak to make use of the best business practices to attract riders and to expand our country's passenger rail system.  But by themselves, those reforms will not relieve us of our responsibility to keep passenger rail alive.  Senator Kerry reminded us today that the European Community has committed to major new investments on top of their substantial contributions to their continent's passenger rails system. As the most productive economy in the world, we should face up to the need to make similar commitments here.  So many benefits flow from these investments--benefits that can be measured, but not always on the books of any given passenger rail system--that the rest of the developed world is willing to make that kind of commitment. Those benefits include more efficient use of fuel, cleaner air, reduced congestion on our highways and at our airports--real benefits that add up to real dollars saved that can be put to better use.  In today's world--with balanced budgets and increased economic competition--we must make sure that we capture those benefits and save those dollars. That is why the fight for passenger rail in the United States is far from over today.  