 President, I am pleased to join my colleagues on the Foreign Relations Committee in bringing forward this compromise resolution with regard to Mexico and the narcotics issue.  At the outset, I want to compliment the Senators who have been deeply involved in the negotiations on this matter--the chairman of the committee, the Senator from Georgia, the Senator from California, and the Senator from Texas.  They and many other Senators have a deep and abiding concern about the serious threat that drug trafficking in Mexico posts to both that country and the United States.  Indeed, we all agree, I suspect, on several issues.  First, it is clear that we cannot overstate the role of Mexico as a source for narcotics. Mexico is the primary transit route for cocaine entering the United States, a major source country for heroin, methamphetamines, and marijuana, and a major money laundering center for illicit profits from the narcotics trade.  Second, I believe we agree that the United States bears a significant responsibility for combating the narcotics trade. Undeniably, the demand for narcotics in this country spurs the narcotics trade. But we are not solely to blame for Mexico's ills.  As the Mexican Government continually reminds us, Mexico is a sovereign nations, and it has the responsibility to do all that it can to confront the threat of the powerful drug cartels--cartels which now have considerable influence in Mexican society.  Third, we agree that corruption in Mexican law enforcement is endemic. That corruption is deeply rooted, as even Mexican President Zedillo acknowledged in his State-of-the-Nation address last fall.  Fourth, we all agree that Mexico must do much, much more in the war on drugs--as the White House acknowledged last month when the President made his certification.  All this leads to the fundamental question now facing us: What can Congress do to help us achieve our objective of reducing the flow of narcotics from Mexico to the United States?  I was disappointed that the President certified that Mexico had met the standard of fully cooperating, or taking adequate steps on its own. The systemic corruption in Mexico, combined with several failures to follow through on commitments made, argued against granting Mexico a full stamp of approval. Instead, I urged the President to invoke the national waiver, because I believed that our interests would be better served by not isolating ourselves from Mexico--which would surely occur were we to fully decertify Mexico. For my part, I believe it could have long-lasting, damaging repercussions that we cannot now predict. At a minimum, it would inhibit the political space that President Zedillo has to press forward with his agenda of reform.  And if we destroy President Zedillo's political resolve to combat the drug traffickers, we will have achieved nothing--and we may well lose the gains we have recently made. In other words, decertification and exercising the full penalties possible under decertification offers a cure that appears to be worse than the disease.  I am pleased that we have come to a bipartisan agreement--reached last night in negotiations with the administration--on the best way forward. The resolution recognizes the aspects of the issue that I have stated--specifically that both countries must take strong action to combat the scourge of narcotics. In addition, the resolution lays out several benchmarks--a set of policies that we expect both the Mexican Government and the United States Government to undertake in the coming months.  For example, it makes clear that Mexico must implement its recently enacted anti-crime laws, including the new money laundering statute and the organized crime law. In addition, Mexico must investigate and prosecute official corruption at all levels of government--and we must do all we can to assist Mexico in that effort. And Mexico must deny safe haven to persons and organizations responsible for drug trafficking.  These and many other measures--if vigorously implemented--will be critical to strengthening the effort against the drug trade.  Mr. President, we have a major problem in Mexico. It is, in part, the result of our success in reducing the flow of narcotics through the Caribbean and Florida--and our success, in cooperation with the Government of Colombia, in dismantling the major cartels in that country. The emergence of powerful cartels in Mexico is a manifestation of the so-called balloon effect--if you pressure the drug traffickers in one area, they will move to another. Unfortunately, the traffickers are nothing if not resilient.  The result, for both Mexico and the United States, is the expansion of organized crime syndicates that have considerable power and influence over not only the drug trade, but also Mexican society itself. Combating this development will require a major commitment--of resources and political will--by both our Government and the Mexican Government.  The cooperation we have received from Mexico in the past year is far from perfect. We all acknowledge that. But we have made important progress in the past few years, and this measure will be an important contribution to spurring even greater cooperation between our two Governments.  