 President, to state the obvious, there are no two Senators of whom I have higher regard than the two Senators who are proposing this amendment. We use those kinds of phrases around here, but I know they both know that I mean it.  Now, I have a little difficulty with their approach here, not the principle that they are proposing, because, as I said from the outset and as the chairman will tell you repeatedly, and I suspect the Senator from New Hampshire, who is on the floor, may tell you, and I know our new colleague from Nebraska will tell you, I am not one who thinks we should be attaching conditions. I am a minority in that view, along with my two colleagues, but I am not one who thinks we should be attaching conditions. So I agree with them on that.  But I do think they overplay the point a bit in making it appear as though the Senator from North Carolina has in effect co-opted the Senator from Delaware into signing on to these conditions and that this is something totally new. Let me remind people of a few historical facts about conditions.  I have here--and I will ask in a moment that I be able to submit this for the Record--the number of occasions on which the U.S. Congress or Republican or Democratic Presidents have withheld the payment of moneys to the United Nations that were duly owed because of policy decisions made by our Government, notwithstanding the fact that we owed it, that we would not pay our dues unless the United Nations changed their view--conditions, conditions.  I will just list them all. The PLO and Palestinian-related condition that we withheld funds of $16,556,000 because we voted on this floor--I do not know how my colleagues voted, but I bet they voted the same way--we voted on this floor to say that as long as the PLO was getting a special kind of treatment in the United Nations, which we viewed to be unfairly against the interest of our ally Israel, we were going to withhold funds. That is $16.556 million. SWAPO. Remember old SWAPO? Well, we had that. You know, that was the debate relating to Southern Africa, Angola, South Africa, et cetera. We withheld $68 million. The Law of the Seas preconference, another policy dispute, we withheld $7.56 million. The South African-Israel conference, we withheld $200,000. The Kasten amendment, we withheld $1,300,000. The appropriations shortfall of fiscal years 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, and 1996 accounts for $168.64 million, there was those--anyway I will go back over this. The deficit-reduction plan withheld $12,860,000. The Kassebaum-Solomon amendment withheld $42 million. And it goes on.  Guess what? We withheld, based on conditions that this body or Republican or Democratic Presidents placed on the United Nations, $164,111,000. So of the arrearages, this body was complicit in over $100 million of those arrearages. Now, all of a sudden they look at the Senator from North Carolina and me and say, ``Oh, my lord,what are you doing? You're attaching conditions?'' Mea culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima culpa.  I did not think we should attach conditions then or now. But this is not anything new. And so of the money that we say is owed--our administration says we owe $1.021 billion, and the United Nations says we owe $1.361 billion. Of that, $1.021 billion, $164 million of it is previously attached conditions.  Now, I would like my colleagues who think we should not attach conditions to look at this list, stand on the floor and acknowledge why we should not have done any of this, and how they voted on it. I do not know how they voted on it. I do not even know how I voted on every one.  So, I am a little bit surprised at the manner in which this argument is being presented as if oh, my lord, we are about to do this awful thing we have never done before, and the United Nations is going to crumble when we do it. That is No. 1.  No. 2, how did I arrive at $819 million, to badger my friend from North Carolina to say I would not sign on to this unless it got to $819 million? The way I arrived at that number--there is nothing original on my part--I asked the administration, what do we need to pay our friends, and what do we need to meet our obligations?  Let me tell you, and this gives my friend some ``agitato'' here, as they say in the Italian communities in my State, let me tell you what I understand the facts to be. Let me point out that my friend from Maryland and my friend who is the leader of this effort, Senator Lugar from Indiana, are not providing one more penny than I am providing. So this is all about principle. You ought to come and ask for all the money because you are doing the same thing I am doing, trying to get the best deal you can--not that either one of them have suggested that what I am doing is unprincipled, I just point out that their approach is no more or less principled than what I am suggesting. We are trying to get a job done. They do not provide one more penny.  Now, how did they arrive at my $819 million? Why did they not arrive at $1.021 billion like they say we need? Because they know what I know, that $819 million will pay our allies. Now, let's go back and talk about how it is owed and what is owed. Peacekeeping arrears--that we acknowledge, the President acknowledges, and even if we paid more money, the President would not pay any more of it--peacekeeping arrears amounts to $658 million; regular budget arrears amounts to $54 million; arrearages in specialized agencies amounts to $254 million; and arrears to international organizations amount to $55 million. Let me repeat that now: Peacekeeping $658 million; regular budget, $54 million; specialized agencies, $254 million; and international organizations, $55 million.  Now, I share the same concern my friend from Indiana does. However, if we appropriate $819 million the way the Senator from North Carolina and I are proposing, there are relatively easy conditions that have to be met the first 2 years. Let me make sure everybody remembers. The first year, we get about $100 million, and the second year we are up to $475 million. The United Nations owes us $107 million, and the United Nations will pay the United States from a tax equalization fund, $27 million. Now, you got that? I do not want to turn this into a math class but I want to be simple--these numbers are real important. Mr. President, $100 million goes out the first fiscal year this takes effect; $475 million the second year; the United Nations owes us, we say, $107 million for peacekeeping; and $27 million for the tax equalization. You add up all that money and it pays virtually every single penny that we owe to all of our allies for peacekeeping and the only thing it does not do in the first 2 years is it does not pay what we are said to owe to an international organization called UNIDO, the U.N. Industrial Development Organization, from which we have formally withdrawn. The Senator from Maryland, the Senator from Indiana, the Senator from Delaware, and the Senator from New Hampshire did not say you had to withdraw from it. The President withdrew. Ambassador Richardson delivered the papers and said, ``We're out.'' That is the only organization we do not have the money to pay but we are already out of it.  So, come on. Come on. I do not like doing it this way either, but it doesn't come out the way you all are saying it comes out. Our allies have nothing to fear. They reason they are not squawking, the reason there are not yelling out there, the reason neither the United Nations nor the Secretary-General is holding a protest and jumping up and down and screaming, is because they know and we know and the administration knows that the money in year 1 and year 2 combined with the money owed us will pay the deal, will meet our obligations.  Now, the last point I will raise, and I will not use all my time because others wish to speak, the last point I will raise are these conditions. Let me just tick off what the conditions are that the chairman has graciously agreed will be the ones required in the first 2 years to allow all of the money I just mentioned to be released. I may lose his vote if I keep pointing this out, but these are the facts.  First, a very difficult condition in the first year, the United Nations has to acknowledge, we have to acknowledge, the President has to acknowledge that our sovereignty will not be diminished by membership in the United Nations. That is a very difficult condition to meet. Come on. Come on. That is the first condition for the first year. Then we have to get the United Nations to reduce--and they say they can do this--our regular budget assessment from 25 to 22 percent, 25 to 22 percent in year 2, not year 1, year 2. So, we have 2 years to get that done. I might add, it was Ambassador Richardson testifying before our committee that said it should be 20 percent, Madeleine Albright said it should be 20 percent, the President has said it should be 20 percent. We did not pick 20 percent out of the air. Granted, I would rather it not be a mandate, but this is not something we are making up out of whole cloth. This is what this administration thinks is a fair assessment. They do not want us to mandate it, but they acknowledge it is fair. Now, roughly $709 million in the first 2 years would be available.  Another condition met which we already have unilaterally done and our allies have acknowledged is that we have been assessed 30 percent for peacekeeping. We do a whole heck of a lot of peacekeeping around the world and no one else chips in on it at all. We say that is too high, it should be 25 percent. The administration says that is not a problem, we can get it down there. So that is another condition. We only pay 25 percent, not from this point on, but from 2 years out. From that point on, 25 percent for peacekeeping.  The administration says in testimony that these are easy conditions to meet. This is not something we are asking them to jump through some hoop they cannot meet. Now, when the condition of sovereignty, which is restating the obvious, when the condition of 22 percent for our annual dues, and when the condition of 25 percent for peacekeeping are met, and they have 2 years in which to meet that, all the money needed to pay all our allies, all the money we owe them will be released.  So what is the deal here? Neither of my colleagues said this, but some have written that somehow I have made this pact with the ultimate enemy of the United Nations to undermine the United Nations and we are just going to rip its throat out and so on and so forth, and we compromised. And isn't that a horrible thing? Look, anybody who comes over here looking to be bathed in the waters of legislative purity, Senator Lugar's amendment does not help you a bit, because he jumps right into that swamp with the rest of us. He is not asking for the $1.3 billion that the United Nations says we owe. He is not asking for $1.021 billion, the amount the administration says we owe. He is asking for the same amount of money that the chairman of the committee and I are asking for. So much for the notion of paying everything they say we owe.  Now, there is a distinction, you should be aware of when you vote. The distinction is that there are mandates in there, all of which can be met, and, in my view, reasonably can be met and should be met. I would rather not mandate them. That is the matter of principal distinction between the Senator and I. I would rather not mandatethem, but they are mandated. Now, understand what the Senator from North Carolina has done here, and again I'm not being facetious when I say this, and maybe it is not helpful to point out what he has done, he has been eminently reasonable. In the first distribution scheme we had for this $819 million, in the first distribution scheme we had, the way it was laid down is there would be $100 million, there would have been $419 million, and then the remainder in the third year. I went to him and said, look, I need $475 million in that second year, and he said OK, as the final element of compromise. The reason I needed $475 million was to do just what I just laid out for you. So there is a distinction.  The Senator from Indiana says it all gets paid out of the $819 million and paid out in 2 years and he is worried about our allies. I am saying we pay out the $710 million if they meet the conditions in the first 2 years and all our ally obligations are met. This is a distinction without a gigantic difference here. There is, as they might say, much ado about something, but it ain't much.  