 President, let me thank my colleague for his reference. I think it should be made clear that without the chairman's strong and wholehearted support and initiation here, we would not be where we are. I want to, just in a very brief time, review the bidding here a little bit.  Let me remind everybody that this was in the crime bill, the original Biden-Hatch crime bill, and ended up having some other iterations before it was over. But we had provisions in there for prevention.  One of the things that happened was on both sides of the aisle, left, right, center, was we got into this great debate about whether prevention works and whether or not the prevention money in the crime bill was to support prisoners in pink tutus dancing in ballet style, and all that kind of stuff. We got into big fights about midnight basketball, and all that.  I am not suggesting we reengage those fights except to make this following point. The reason why in the original bill a while ago I specifically singled out Boys and Girls Clubs--I want to be up front about this--was real simple. It was the one place I knew that we could get consensus among Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives, because this is prevention that works. And it was my view at the time that, if we singled out Boys and Girls Clubs--and we did, which is kind of unusual to do in a crime bill to single out a specific nonprofit to make sure they get money. That is a bit unusual. The reason to do it was, the statistics are overwhelming. Let me give you a few reasons why this works.  There was a study done by Columbia University that demonstrated--and I am going to be brief--that public housing sites where there are Boys Clubs and Girls Clubs, compared with public housing sites without these clubs, there was a drastic difference. Let me make it clear now, this study was done, no one disputes--they took public housing sites with the same demographic makeup, same cities, same populations, same racial composition, put a Boys and Girls Club in the basements of one, not in the other.  Here is what the study confirmed. Those public housing projects that had a Boys and Girls Club in the basement, or wherever they were in the building, had 13 percent fewer juvenile crimes, 22 percent less drug activity, and 25 percent less crack presence. This is in the crack epidemic. Still a big problem. We have other things to worry about, too. But the bottom line, Mr. President, is it works.  I know the Presiding Officer from Montana has done a lot of work with kids over the years. He has been involved in things that have to do with everything from 4-H to rodeos to Lord only knows what. I hear all these stories he tells me about Montana and about how these kids are involved. The truth of the matter is you get a kid involved, you have less chance that kid is going to get involved in something bad.  My mom has an expression that I am sure every one of our moms have said in different ways, the expression is: ``Remember, Joey, an idle mind is a devil's workshop.'' The bottom line is you give a kid nothing to do, he is likely to find trouble. Give a kid nothing to do in an area where there is nothing but trouble, he or she becomes part of the trouble. Give a child something to do, an alternative, an escape, a way out where there is nothing but trouble, give them a safe haven, and you increase the prospects that they are not going to be in trouble.  So that is why we proposed and passed through the Senate in 1996 $20 million in spending for the first year of a 5-year effort to create 1,000 new Boys and Girls Clubs. Ultimately we got $11 million in the final appropriations bill.  Senator Hatch and some of our colleagues, Senator Leahy and others that are mentioned, worked together to provide the second year of funding in last year's appropriations bill.  If it were not for the fact that Senator Hatch in the majority party, the leader of the committee, jumped in at that point, I believe the appropriation would not have been anything. He used his influence and his weight, got this up on the radar screen and continued to save this program. So the second year of funding in last year's appropriations bill came through.  Senator Hatch also worked to pass legislation supporting this concept, the whole notion, last year. The bottom line is, we are working together so that we can have a total of 2,500 Boys and Girls Clubs by the year 2000. This bill does a very important thing. It simplifies--let me emphasize, it simplifies--the application procedure.  So, although it does not provide additional funding beyond that already authorized, the simplification is important, letting Boys and Girls Clubs go straight to the Justice Department. They do not have to go through their Governors, do not have to go through their State legislature, do not have to go through their city council. They go straight to the Justice Department and seek the funding.  This is the simple, straightforward approach that I have always supported in the Biden crime bill and why I am so pleased that my colleague, the chairman of the committee, has in fact been so supportive and led on this.  Last year's bill provided for consultation with the Department of Housing and Urban Development, an unnecessary requirement. I have nothing against HUD, but I believe we must get these important prevention dollars out to the Boys and Girls Clubs throughout the country as quickly and as efficiently as possible. And this bill well help do that.  Let me conclude by saying, if we are able to fund 2,500 Boys and Girls Clubs, it could not come at a more important moment in our history from a demographic standpoint. There are 39 million children, Mr. President, under the age of 10 in the United States of America today, the largest cadre of young people about to enter the crime-committing years that we have had since the baby boom of those of us born in the 1940's.  It is a big deal, Mr. President. If we through our police efforts, through our present efforts, hold the percentage of crime committed by young people to the same percentage it is now, without one one-hundredth of 1 percent increase in the amount of crime that is committed, as a percent of the population, we will in fact still have about an 8 percent increase in violent crime in America. You know why? That is how many more kids there are going to be. We better figure out now before this so-called baby boomlet--that's what the demographers are referring to--before this baby boomlet hits those crime-committing years.  I can think of nothing--nothing--that the police can do, nothing that we can do, that can solve the problem alone without providing safe havens and alternatives for these children. boys and Girls Clubs are a proven--a proven--safe haven. A proven safe haven.  So, Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to adopt this legislation. I hope this bill is a sign that we will continue to work together to deal with those prevention efforts that work. Another thing all our moms said to us, ``An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.'' ``An ounce of prevention.'' This is 2,500 ounces of prevention that will prevent tens of thousands of pounds of crime. This is a big deal.  I thank my colleague for his support and allowing me to participate in this effort.  I yield the floor.  