 President, I am obviously very pleased with the decision the Senator from Nebraska made, but I want to state on the record that I would have been comfortable with whatever decision he made, and I say that for the following reasons. I have been here for 24 years. It has been a long time since I have been a freshman Senator, but I remember how overwhelming it was and the pressures that are exerted, legitimate pressures, when major issues confront someone. I have watched the Senator from Nebraska from the day he got here, because we serve on the same committee, attack with a seriousness of purpose I have seldom seen one of the most complicated issues that is going to come before this body this year. It was not merely determining what groups, what party, what factions of parties were for and against the treaty. He wanted to know what article X meant in the language. He wanted to know whether article I trumped article X. He wanted to know the details of it, and he addressed it.  He indicated that this is the eve of an anniversary. It seems appropriate and totally consistent, I am going to say for the record--I hope I do not embarrass him--what I said to him privately. I have also observed another feature about him. This is a man whose conduct on the battlefield is mirrored by his conduct in politics, in that when he thinks he is right he is not afraid to do whatever it is he thinks he should do. And that comes through. That is what I mean when I say I would have been comfortable and assured that he had given it every consideration had he concluded to vote the other way. I want to publicly compliment him, not for the decision he made, but the way he made the decision. I hope that does not cost him politically, for someone on this side of the aisle to compliment my colleague.  There is another freshman Senator I serve with, Senator Gordon Smith, who may not come to the same conclusion, but he has addressed it with the same kind of alacrity and commitment. So I just say it is a pleasure to serve with the Senator and our colleague, Senator Smith. But as I said, I am happy he came out the way he did. Regardless of how the Senator came out, I would have been comfortable.  I yield the floor.  