 I know you know, but it is important for the Record.  I meet every year--I will not now because I am not the top Democrat on the committee. But every year for, I don't know, 14 or 15 years, I meet with what is called the Judicial Conference --a legislatively organized body where the Congress says the court can have such a function, where we look for recommendations.  I might add, by the way, you may remember when there was a Republican President named Reagan, the Senator from Delaware introduced a bill to increase the number of Federal judgeships by 84. Why did I do that? I did that because the Federal court came to us, the Judicial Conference, and said, ``Here is our problem. We don't have enough judges to administer justice in a timely fashion in this country. And there is a backlog on all these criminal cases.''  I must admit to the Senator, when they came to me with that request, I knew the problem I was going to have. I was going to go into a Democratic caucus and say, by the way, a Republican President, who is a fine man but the most ideological guy we had in a long time, who announced he was going to appoint only very conservative judges, I was now going to give him 84 more than he had.  I realized that was not a politically wise thing for me to do. But, listening to the court, I did just that. My recollection is the Senator from Maryland stood with me and said, ``I don't like it. I admit, I am not crazy about 84 more judges being appointed by Ronald Reagan. But the court needs to be filled.''  Now we have the strange happening, the courts come back to us and say--and they do this in a very scientific way--we not only need the vacancies filled, we need more judges than we have. They cite, as the Senator is very familiar with, they cite the backlog, they give the rationale that cases are being backed up. Guess what? The idea that we will even get a chance to discuss a judgeship bill, I predict to my friend from Maryland, on this floor is zero--zero. Not only that, to further make the point, this is the first time in the 24 years that I have been a Senator, in 24 years, the first time I have ever heard anybody come to the floor and say: You know, we should basically decommission judgeships.  The ninth circuit is the busiest circuit in America, out in California. One of our colleagues, a very wonderful guy, a nice guy, says, ``I am not going to let any other judge be in the ninth circuit''--notwithstanding they have five vacancies, if I am not mistaken, and they are up to their ears in work. This started last year when I was in charge of the Democratic side. He said, ``I am not going to let anybody go through until the ninth circuit splits into two circuits.''  I said, ``Why do you want it to split?''  He said, ``The reason I want it to split is I don't like the fact that California judges are making decisions that affect my State.''  The distinguished Senator from Idaho is shaking his head. He agrees. He is in that circuit. It is painful to point this out, but the reason why there is a Federal court is so there is not Illinois, Indiana, Idaho, California justice. There is one uniform interpretation of the Constitution. That is the reason we have a Federal circuit court of appeals.  Now, this is quite unusual. We have--and I was not referring to the distinguished Senator from Idaho, who is on the floor, when I said, ``there was a Senator.'' That is not to whom I am referring. But another one of our colleagues said he is not going to let anybody go through until there is a split, because he does not like the idea that decisions relating to his State are being made by judges who are not from his State or are not from States of similar size. That is, interestingly, an effectively rewrite of the Constitution of the United States of America. I do not think the Senator thought it in those terms, but that is literally what it is.  Now I am being told, OK, unless we, in fact, split the circuit--and by the way, I am not opposed to splitting the circuit. We split the fifth circuit because when we got to the point where Florida grew so big--Florida and Mississippi and Alabama and Louisiana, they are all in the same circuit--but they got so big, because of population growth, we said--the court recommended, we agreed--that it should be split into two circuits. We understand that. I am not opposed to that. I am not arguing about that. But the idea that someone says, ``Until you do it my way, until you can assure me I am not going to be associated with that State of California, I am not going to let any vacancies be filled''----  