 President, I rise in strong opposition to both of these amendments, notwithstanding my great respect for the Senator from Wisconsin, and I mean that sincerely. I have great respect for him. But I think this is another in a series of bad ideas this floor has produced over the last 5 years with regard to Bosnia.  Mr. President, I echo the sentiments expressed by my friend from Connecticut. Let me say it in a slightly different way. In my view, we could have avoided the tragedy, the extent of the tragedy in Bosnia, had we the courage, the foresight to lift and strike 4 years ago, had we stood up to that war criminal Milosevic in Serbia and had we made clear to Tudjman in Croatia that we would broker no alternative but their ceasing and desisting. Every time America has spoken and followed up its speech with action, we have produced the results that we suggested would occur.  It is a sad commentary, Mr. President, that there is no leadership in Europe. There is no leadership in Europe. And the ability of the Europeans to get together and solve the problem in their own backyard and keep it from spreading into other people's front yards is nonexistent based upon their actions for the previous 5 years, until the United States led, but led at a moment and a time when our options were reduced relative to the ones that existed a year or two earlier.  The Senator from Connecticut and I initially never argued that American troops should be put on the ground in Bosnia. We felt very strongly that could have been avoided had we used our airpower, had we lifted sanctions to allow the Bosnian Government--that at that moment was still multi-ethnic--to have a chance to fight for itself. But that is water under the bridge. That is past. We are left with Dayton, which was making the best out of a bad circumstance. The end result of Dayton is that we will have invested about $5 billion by September of this year, plus America's prestige and American forces on the ground in Bosnia.  I must tell you straight up, I am opposed even to the administration's announcement that we withdraw and have a drop-dead date for June 1998. But I think it borders on the ridiculous for the U.S. Senate to instruct the President that we must withdraw as early as the initial proposal called for, in September.  