 President, I rise this evening to comment on the tragic news from Bosnia. Earlier today, a U.N. helicopter carrying several international officials crashed 40 miles northwest of Sarajevo. Twelve people are reported dead and four injured. The latest reports indicate that on board were four or five Americans, still unidentified, who were working for the International Police Task Force and the Office of the High Representative for Bosnia. Among the dead was Gerd Wagner, the Senior Deputy High Representative for Bosnia. Ambassador Wagner was well known to many of us in the Congress, since before he took up his post this past summer he was the political counselor at the German Embassy in Washington.  A Balkan expert who learned Serbo-Croatian while serving in Belgrade earlier in his career, Ambassador Wagner answered the call to take up the challenging and dangerous post as Senior Deputy to High Representative Carlos Westendorp.  I had dinner with the Ambassador 3 weeks ago in Sarajevo. In the presence of a diverse group of Bosnian Muslims, Croats, and other international officials, he spoke out forcefully in favor of the difficult task of making the Federation work. Much of the credit for refugee resettlement and for fleshing out the political institutions mandated by the Dayton accords belongs to Gerd Wagner.  Mr. President, this terrible helicopter crash follows just 2 years after the accident on Mount Igman that took the lives of three dedicated American diplomats--Joe Kruzel, Bob Frasure, and Nelson Drew. In neither the Mount Igman accident in 1995 nor today's helicopter crash was any foul play suspected.  As a matter of fact, the early reports are reminiscent--Dr. Haltzel, of the Foreign Relations Committee staff, and I were talking about it today--of our own helicopter travel in Bosnia 3 weeks ago. We were in a similar situation. Reportedly the reason Ambassador Wagner's delegation crashed was heavy fog. We also took off from Sarajevo in a peasoup fog, and the pilot of our American Blackhawk helicopter expressed concern about the fog and the mountains. Obviously, in our case it turned out not to be a problem. Tragically in this case for AmbassadorWagner's Czech-made helicopter, it ended up being a fatal problem.  As I mentioned, apparently the crash was not the consequence of any foul play. The accident occurred while Ambassador Wagner's party was on a regular peacekeeping mission. The sacrifices of these brave individuals point out the dangers that international peacekeepers, mediators, diplomats, USAID workers, and others face in Bosnia every day, even if they may not be the direct victims of the ethnic fighting.  If the cause of stabilizing the fragile peace in Bosnia and putting that country back on the road to political and economic recovery is important to the United States and its allies, as I firmly believe it is, then we must take the risks to achieve our goals. Our diplomats in Bosnia understand that simple truth, our volunteer professional soldiers in SFOR understand that simple truth, our USAID workers in Bosnia understand it, and our volunteers working for the International Police Task Force in Bosnia understand it. And Gerd Wagner understood it.  Mr. President, our hearts go out to the families of all the victims, the relatives of the as yet unnamed Americans on board, and Ambassador Wagner's wife, Mrs. Sandra Wagner, their two sons, and their daughter, who has been studying at the University of California at Berkeley. Gerd Wagner was a fine German diplomat, a dedicated international civil servant, and a good friend of the United States of America. He will be sorely missed.  Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Iowa for allowing me to speak ahead of him, and I yield the floor.  