 President, I supported and still support the partial-birth abortion bill. I voted for it in 1995 and voted to override the President's veto last year. The bill was a step in the direction of ending late-term abortions. But, it was not a perfect solution. It did not, as I would have liked, ban all post-viability abortions.  There is no dispute that under the Supreme Court's Roe versus Wade decision, the government can ban post-viability abortions. But, I was and still am concerned that in banning only partial-birth abortions, we do not go far enough. In fact, there is a legitimate concern that in banning partial-birth abortions, not a single abortion would be prevented. The result would be merely to shift the type of procedure used in performing an abortion.  Today, Mr. President, we have a better solution--a solution that goes beyond the ban on a single procedure by actually banning all late-term abortions. The Daschle proposal would make all post-viability abortions--regardless of the method used--illegal, except in very limited circumstances consistent with Roe versus Wade. As an article in The Washington Times put it--and the Times is one of the most conservative newspapers in America--``Mr. Daschle's plan would go further in restricting abortion than the . . . partial-birth plan.''  If the goal is to reduce the number of abortions in America and to eliminate late-term abortions consistent with Roe versus Wade--and that has been my goal from day one--then the Daschle proposal is the answer because the Daschle proposal bans all post-viability abortions. The only exception is when an abortion is necessary to save the woman's life or in the small number of cases where continuation of the pregnancy would, to quote the amendment, ``risk grievous injury to her physical health.''  Now, I wish to address for just a minute the health exception. Critics often claim that a health exception is a gigantic loophole--a loophole so big, some have said, that it would allow a teenage girl to get a late-term abortion just because she could not fit into her prom dress. That is an outrageously untrue claim to begin with, regardless of the language of the health exception. But, the rhetoric aside, the health exception under the Daschle proposal is extremely narrow. It must be a severely debilitating disease caused by the pregnancy or it must be a case where a woman cannot undergo necessary treatment for a life-threatening condition as long as she is pregnant. This is not mental health. This is not a minor ailment. This is grievous physical injury.  There are some, Mr. President, who simply do not believe that there should ever be a health exception no matter how narrow. I disagree. There needs to be a narrow health exception. Take, for example, a woman who, during pregnancy, is diagnosed with breast cancer. Her life is not directly endangered by the pregnancy, but her long-term prospects for survival are. Early detection and treatment of breast cancer can increase survival rates by 30 percent. But, a pregnant woman cannot undergo chemotherapy treatment unless her pregnancy is terminated because the chemotherapy can result in permanent damage, even mutation, of the fetus. And, a continued pregnancy will weaken her body's immune system, making it harder for her to fight the cancer. That decision should be between the woman and God, not the government.  Cases such as these are tragic situations--rare and tragic. But, it would be even more tragic to say that ipso facto a woman cannot have an abortion unless her life is threatened by giving birth. That is why the Supreme Court has required a health exception and why the Daschle proposal includes a very narrow health exception.  Mr. President, I admit I am faced with a dilemma here. I can vote to ban one particular abortion procedure that I find repugnant--but in the process, allow late-term abortions to continue. Or, I can vote to eliminate more abortions, by banning all late-term abortions--but in the process allow the so-called partial-birth abortion procedure to continue under limited circumstances. I wish we were not faced with the choice of one or the other. I would like to do both. But, I must cast my vote now for the proposal that I believe will result in fewer abortions. In my view, that is the Daschle proposal. But, let me also be clear. If the Daschle proposal fails, I will again vote for the bill to ban partial-birth abortions.  