 The Senator has made the case for the Baltics and for Romania. As to the Baltics, it seems to me, the case is obvious. With regard to Romania, that important country has made significant strides in the last 6 months.  I want to make clear so that we all know, what we are talking about is the NATO Enlargement Facilitation Act, which was passed in 1996. Basically, what the act does, Madam President, as you well know, is that it says there are newly independent states, which formerly were satellite states of the Soviet Union, who are seeking membership or may seek membership in NATO. It is kind of a two-stage process. We did the same thing for Hungary, we did the same thing for Poland, we did the same thing for the Czech Republic, and last year we added Slovenia. We basically said, look, we, the Congress and the President, will come up with some money to help you begin to organize yourself to meet the criteria for admission into NATO. This is not a club that you join because you like it, or join because you simply want to join. This is a deal where everybody has to carry their own weight proportionately within the club, and we are not going to admit anybody who cannot do that. But it requires some expenditure of money on the part of these countries to essentially do the political, economic, and military inventory they need to be able to determine whether or not they can meet the criteria. This is what it is. This is prep money to get them up and running to make their case.  So, we are going to be doing here for the Baltics--and I share my friend's view--and for Romania, what we did for Slovenia, for Hungary, for the Czech Republic, and for Poland.  I respectfully suggest, now that our friend from Washington is on the floor as well, that there be consideration of amending their amendment to add Bulgaria. Let me explain why.  I stated earlier on this floor that I was pleased that the Clinton administration decided to support the first three countries mentioned in the first round. In our meetings we had an opportunity to make our case to the President as to who we thought should be invited to final accession negotiations at Madrid next month. I was disappointed, quite frankly, that the administration decided not to push Slovenia in the first round. After discussion with the President and his advisers, however, I am absolutely confident that Slovenia will make it in the second round, and I am confident that Romania will too.  For everybody to understand, we are not just talking about a one-timeevent. NATO enlargement is an evolving process. Every European democracy, theoretically, is eligible. Probably the Baltics elicit more support than any other area of Europe, for the reasons stated by my friend.  With that in mind, the Senator's amendment designates Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Romania to join Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Slovenia to be eligible for receiving assistance to prep them for future membership in NATO. They have established democracies, made courageous reforms to create free-market economies, are putting their armies under civilian control, and deserve our support.  Another Eastern European country that deserves inclusion in this amendment to let them get prepped and make their case is Bulgaria. After having gotten off to a very slow start toward democracy after the Wall came down, it has now voted the post-Communists out of office. The new Bulgarian administration has begun free-market economic reforms, and recently the Bulgarian Parliament went on record as naming NATO membership as its primary foreign policy goal.  Madam President, over the centuries, Bulgaria has been the most pro-Russian country in Europe. So these changes are truly noteworthy. Bulgaria is not as far along the path to NATO membership as the other four countries named in Senator Durbin's amendment, but they have made a definitive break with the past, and the democrats in Sofia, I think, deserve our support and encouragement to move further.  I will not push my second-degree amendment now. Before we vote on this, however, or before the chairman makes a decision, I would like them seriously to consider, while the Senator from Washington is making his case, whether or not we should include Bulgaria.  As the Senator found in traveling to the Baltics, what I found, whether I was in the Balkans or whether I was in Central or Eastern Europe, that the prospect of becoming a member of NATO has a significant positive impact on whether they establish a market economy, whether they move away from the Communist-controlled apparatchiks who are left over, and whether or not they embrace a foreign policy that looks to the West rather than to the East.  So I would ask for his consideration.  