 President, I thank my friend from Alaska. He is absolutely correct. What he has said, as I translate it, is this amendment does not mean anything in the legislative sense.  But I promise you, I promise you, if this amendment passes today, it will mean something to the Republika Srpska; it will mean something in Mostar; it will mean something in Belgrade; it will mean something in the Balkans; it will mean something in Paris; it will mean something in Moscow. It will mean something where it matters, and what matters is what the rest of the world believes our resolve is.  We sometimes do not focus closely enough, and I acknowledge I do not, as well. But we have a situation in Croatia right now where the President of Croatia is very ill. To call him a very strong man is putting it mildly, and it connotes everything that goes along with strongman, a guy who is no box of chocolates. There is already a battle for succession going on in Croatia between the nationalists, those who to this day wish to see the partition of Bosnia, and those who are democrats, who want to become part of the West.  If we announce now that the U.S. Senate want American troops out of there, either this September or next June, we give succor to those in Croatia who will argue the following: ``With the United States gone, no peace can hold, partition is the answer, and we are going to get our piece.''  The same is taking place in Belgrade. Milosevic is a war criminal. He is a thug. Remember the history of why this war took place in the first place. What happened there was, in effect, a referendum as to whether or not Bosnia would stay part of Yugoslavia. There was a vote. The voters said we want to set up an independent nation-state. They set it up, recognized by the United Nations, and Milosevic sent the Yugoslav National Army across the river. He supplied and gave cover for the use of force against the Muslims and Croats, and he instituted a war of aggression. He and his cronies instituted a policy of ethnic cleansing, a phrase I do not think any of us ever thought we would hear again. They actually talked about it out loud. That was their policy.  Mr. President, our good friend, Mr. Milosevic, is on his last legs in Belgrade. Why, at this moment, are we going to indicate to him that there is a consensus in this country that the United States should walk away? Why are we going to do that now? What possible good would that do?  Secretary Cohen, a man we all respect, has guaranteed we will be out of Bosnia in June 1998. He has said this in private meetings, in private arguments with me, and in public discussions. The President has said it. Madeleine Albright has acknowledged it. As I said, I think that, in and of itself, is a mistake. For us to come along now and announce to the world that we are not going to appropriate moneys is a mistake--and I acknowledge these are moneys we could not appropriate anyway. But they are not going to understand all that. All they are going to understand is that the United States of America, the U.S. Senate, has told the President he has to get out of there.  I echo the phrase my friend from Connecticut used. He said, when has it ever made sense for us, in a circumstance where there is the potential for or the immediate past presence of war, to announce that we are going to leave and give a lead time to that announcement? When has that ever benefited us?  Our only hope for the peace process is to continue to have an international force remain in Bosnia through June 1998. At least through June 1998. By then, several things will have shaken themselves out, one of which is the political situation in Croatia and the other is the political situation in Serbia.  I am going to refrain from doing what I want to do, speak in more depth about this, because my friend from Alaska is technically right. He is right that this does not mean anything legislatively. I just want it to be known that there are voices in the Senate that think this is a very bad policy. When this amendment is written about, when this is discussed in other capitals of the world, they should understand not all of us share this view.  This is not a sound policy. At this moment, it is my hope and expectation that the administration is leaning on our European allies to make it clear to them that we are willing to support a European-led follow-on force in Bosnia, composed of European troops, after the SFOR mandate ends. Remember what we said: We are going to remove American forces from Bosnia. We did not say we are disengaging in every military sense from Bosnia. The President did not say that, thank God, and I hope he will not say that.  What we should be doing now, and what I hope we are doing now, is meeting with our NATO allies to explain to them that we are willing to have a forward force based in Hungary to back them up. We are willing to use our airpower and our intelligence apparatus to assist them. We are willing to use the capacity of our naval forces in the Adriatic to help maintain peace and security in Bosnia. This takes time. This amendment undercuts every possible option that exists between now and June 1998 by announcing now that the U.S. Senate does not support the continued presence of the United States of America in that part of the world.  I do not fully understand what both my friend from Wisconsin and the Senator from Texas are saying. I acknowledge the Senator from Alaska is correct. This is meaningless in a legislative sense. But I do not understand what my two friends hope to accomplish here. Their amendment says, ``Provided further, that none of the funds made available under this Act may be obligated or expended for operations or activities of the armed forces relating to Bosnia ground deployment after June 30, 1998.''  Does that mean we cannot use our intelligence apparatus? Does that mean we cannot have forward deployment in Hungary? Does that mean we cannot use our airpower? Maybe it does. Maybe it does not. But I tell you one thing: To merely suggest that we are going to pull out U.S. ground forces is a bit disingenuous as well.  So, again, I do not want to take any more time of the Senate except to say that this is a well-intended, very bad idea. It is a very bad idea. It does not serve U.S. interests. It does not serve us or aid us in our ability to lead an alliance in carrying out its responsibilities in Europe, in Bosnia. And it does not lend any support to those in both Serbia and in Croatia who are trying to change the political landscape of both those countries, which will have an impact upon the circumstance in Bosnia.  So, again, I say as I yield the floor, with due respect to my friend from Wisconsin, I think this is a serious mistake. I hope the Senate will not go along with this suggestion.  I yield the floor.  