 President, I yield myself as much time as I might take, and I am only going to take a few minutes.  Mr. President, the reason I mention the Chemical Manufacturers Association is not that they should determine the foreign policy. My friend from Idaho is saying that the target of this kind of espionage, or stealing secrets, whatever, is going to be the chemical industry. All I am pointing out is, just as they should not determine the foreign policy, I respectfully suggest my friend from Idaho does not know anything about their secrets. The chemical industry knows about their secrets, and they believe that this treaty fully protects them in maintaining their secrets. That is the point I was making.  You know that play and movie that is out, ``Don't Cry for Me Argentina,'' well, don't worry about the chemical companies, they think they can take care of themselves in terms of their secrets.  One last point. The Senator raised, as others have raised, the 1 ton of weapons and 2 tons that could be amassed, et cetera. I want to point out what John Shalikashvili, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said, and he is not quoted by the Senator from Idaho, but others. Everyone quotes John Shalikashvili as saying that 1 ton of chemical weapons is militarily significant and that we cannot effectively guarantee we could uncover 1 ton. Let me read what General Shalikashvili said:       A militarily significant quantity of chemical weapons is      situationally dependent. Thousands--  Thousands--     of tons of chemical agent would be required to significantly      impact on a large scale engagement while a mere ton of agent      could be effective as a weapon of terror.  He went on to say:       In certain limited circumstances--  I emphasize ``in certain limited circumstances''--     even 1 ton of chemical agent may have a military impact, for      example, if chemical weapons are used as a weapon of terror      against an unprotected population in a regional conflict.  He went on to say further:       The United States should be resolute that the 1-ton limit      set by the convention will be our guide.  He did not mean, however, that 1 ton was an appropriate standard for what constitutes effective verifiability. Rather, General Shali meant that the 1-ton limit in the CWC on agent stocks for peaceful purposes--that is the context in which he talked about it--was appropriate and that any country's stock in excess of 1 ton would likely be for offensive military purposes.  So what he is saying--the 1 ton that keeps being used--he is saying if you detect that there is more than a ton of chemical weapons out there, they are probably doing it not for peaceful purposes, they are probably doing it to gain some military advantage. But it would take a lot more than 1 ton to have a major effect on a battle, a major effect on our security. He said it would take thousands of tons.  Other people may think in this body that 1 ton is militarily significant and if you can't effectively verify 1 ton then there is no verification in terms of our strategic interests. They may think that, but that is not what the Joint Chiefs think. The 1-ton reference was for the purpose of determining whether or not a country was trying to do more than use those chemicals for peaceful purposes. He says, if you have more than 1 ton, it is a pretty good sign that these are bad guys and they are trying to do something worse, but they are nowhere near being militarily significant in terms of U.S. security.  I see my friend.  