 President, I always enjoy debating my friend from Wisconsin. It has been a hundred years since I have been a trial lawyer, but one of the things a fellow I used to work for, a great trial lawyer in Delaware named Sid Balick, used to say was, when you have said what you wanted to say, you made the points the best you can, it is best to sit down. I yield the floor.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the public diplomacy conducted by the United States Information Agency, which, under the terms of the legislation before us, will be folded into the Department of State, USIA, as we are all aware, oversees the Voice of America and, more recently, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty.  It has often been pointed out that, after the guns fall silent, the United States rushes to disarm. Many in this chamber would argue that such disarmament is being undertaken once again in the wake of the demise of the Soviet Union and consequent end to the cold war. We are not here, however, to debate issues of military strategy and force structure. That discussion will take place in the near future when the defense authorization bill comes to the floor.  The issue I wish to address today, however, is closely related to the phenomenon involving large-scale reductions in the size and aggregate capability of our Armed Forces in times of peace. There is another element to what has been called the arsenal of democracy that is vital to our national defense, yet which receives little attention and operates with minimal funding. That instrument of foreign policy is public diplomacy--the conveyance of accurate, objective news to people who otherwise are not exposed to a free flow of information, who have the misfortune of living in countries ruled by dictatorial regimes.  Mr. President, there is little that an authoritarian or totalitarian government fears as much as the dissemination of truth. Whether broadcasts into German-occupied France or Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty transmissions behind the Iron Curtain, the truth is a powerful weapon when wielded with fortitude in the struggle against tyranny. The images of individuals and families hiding in darkened basements, gathered around a radio, volume kept low so as to avoid detection, is compelling. It is an image that has captured millions over the decades. Distribution of radio sets and literature can play as important a role in the fight for freedom as the aircraft, tanks, and ships on which we expend billions of dollars.  The post-cold-war era coincides with the explosion in what has come to be known as the ``Information Age.'' As portable and home computers become more readily available, the ability to disseminate information has reached levels previously only imagined. It is very important that the United States not ignore this potential in the continuing fight for self-determination and democratization.  I remain a strong supporter of the public diplomacy activities of the U.S. Government. It is true that the end of the cold war has diminished the need for Radio Free Europe. It has not, however, eliminated that need, as political turmoil in Albania and the ongoing problems in Bosnia-Herzegovina, as well as in Serbia itself, attest. Furthermore, while I am a strong supporter of maintaining open ties with China, including in the area of trade, the advent of Radio Free Asia is an essential element in our long-term effort at facilitating a transformation in that country toward a more liberal political system characterized by free speech.  The bill currently before us restructures our public diplomacy apparatus to both streamline the bureaucracies and ensure their continued vitality and independence. Those are worthy goals deserving of our support. While I am concerned about the effort to retain Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty within the U.S. Government rather than privatize it as directed in the Foreign Relations Authorization Act for fiscal years 1994-1995, the attention afforded public diplomacy in the State Department authorization bill for fiscal year 1998 is highly commendable.  Public diplomacy remains an important instrument of our foreign policy. The free flow of information will never wane as an essential element of our national security apparatus. Truth remains the greatest enemy of tyranny, and until liberal democracies are firmly entrenched in every country of every region of the world, we must continue to support such activities.  