 I do not plan on using it all.  Mr. President, it has been a long road to this spot, this point. We have had not only extensive debate in the last 2 days, we have had an extensive debate on this floor, in committees, in the press, among foreign policy experts, think-tank types, for the past 3 years. We reached the point where we are constitutionally required to fulfill a duty of either giving our consent to ratification or withholding it. As both leaders have pointed out, it is maybe the most significant responsibility delegated to the U.S. Senate  I realize that we sometimes stand on this floor, particularly when any one of us and all of us have invested a significant amount of time in one issue or another where we feel that we have spent most of our waking hours for the past month, two, or three--everyone has experienced that on this floor--and we tend to think that since we put so much time into the passage of a piece of legislation, or in this case, a treaty, that maybe it is the most important thing that the Senate has done or could do because I guess we say to ourselves we would not invest that much of our time, our energy, our mind, our soul, into the effort if it was not so important.  Acknowledging that we all err on that side of thinking what we do is sometimes more important than what it is, I respectfully suggest that the vote each of us is about to cast on this treaty is likely to be the most significant vote any of us cast in this Congress.  Twice today I have been referred to as the senior Senator from Delaware. I want the record to show, I know I am the junior Senator. I am the second most senior junior Senator in the United States. I have been here 25 years, but that young man in the back there is the most senior junior Senator, the distinguished Senator from South Carolina, Senator Hollings, because the most senior Senator of senior Senators is his colleague, Senator Thurmond.  Mr. President, I am not sure that there is any vote that I have cast in the last 4 or 5 years that I think is as significant for the future of the United States as this treaty. And as I said, and I will conclude with this, not merely because of what the treaty attempts to do--and that is, for the first time in the history of modern man, ban even the possession of an entire category of weaponry--but that is not the reason why this is the most important vote. We are at a juncture in our history, Mr. President, in my opinion, where the United States has an opportunity, which rarely comes to any nation in its history--it has come to us, in my opinion, on two occasions--where our actions and our leadership can literally, not figuratively--and it is not hyperbole--can literally shape, at least on the margins, the future of the world.  After World War II, we stepped up to the plate. My father's generation and my grandfather's generation and grandmother's and my mother's generation stepped up to the plate. 