 President, I am pleased to support the nomination of former Congressman Pete Peterson for the Post of Ambassador to Vietnam. At this critical juncture in our relations with Vietnam and Southeast Asia there are many important United States interests that can be advanced only with the presence of an able Ambassador in Hanoi.  The most important of these interests is the continued accounting for our POW/MIA's. A Vietnam veteran and former prisoner of war, Pete Peterson has both a professional and profoundly personal stake in ensuring the fullest possible accounting of his comrades-in-arms. As ambassador, he has pledged to make achieving that goal his highest priority.  In addition to enhancing cooperation on the POW/MIA issue, Peterson will be charged more broadly with encouraging and facilitating Hanoi's entry as a peaceful, cooperative member of the community of nations. Vietnam has begun working with us in the important area of counternarcotics, and this cooperation should be expanded to curtail the flow of heroin and other deadly drugs from Southeast Asia to our shores. We have also begun a dialogueon human rights which must be buttressed by expanded cultural ties and educational opportunities.  The advocacy of a strong United States Ambassador coupled with the collective efforts of the American people and numerous nongovernmental organizations can do much to foster greater Vietnamese respect for international norms in the areas of human rights, democracy, and religious freedom.  Finally, approving the nomination of Congressman Peterson as Ambassador to Hanoi will greatly assist efforts already underway to advance United States economic interests in Vietnam and throughout Southeast Asia. Vietnam has made significant progress toward transforming its inefficient centrally planned economy to a market-based economy, and it is actively seeking foreign participation in its economic development. Vietnam's efforts to rebuild its infrastructure and modernize its economy present great opportunities for United States businesses in the areas of energy, telecommunications, health, education, tourism, and environmental protection. But for United States firms to compete successfully with the numerous foreign companies already doing business in Vietnam, the administration must negotiate and Congress must approve a comprehensive bilateral trade agreement. As Ambassador, Peterson will play a central role in expediting negotiations on an agreement which will safeguard U.S. commercial interests in the fastest growing region of the world.  There are some who have speculated about the administration's motives for normalizing relations with Vietnam at this time, questioning whether officials from the Lippo Group or other United States businesses with prospective commercial interests in east Asia sought to influence the decision in exchange for their campaign contributions to the Democratic National Committee.  As our colleague, Senator McCain--like Congressman Peterson a former POW--noted at Congressman Peterson's confirmation hearing, ``This rumor is entirely unsubstantiated by fact.'' President Bush and Secretary Baker put the United States firmly on the path toward normalization in 1989 when they drafted a ``road map'' whose goal was the establishment of full diplomatic relations.  The pace of normalization has actually slowed during the Clinton administration. As Senator McCain stated during the Foreign Relations Committee hearing, the Clinton administration was worried about the political ramifications for the President in making a decision to normalize--with the veterans organizations and others--and was not possessed with concern about helping business interests, whether domestic or foreign.  In short, we have reached the point of preparing to exchange ambassadors because of the bipartisan conviction that normalizing relations is in our best interests. It had nothing to do with foreign lobbyists or contributions to any Presidential campaign.  Peterson traveled first to Vietnam 30 years ago as an Air force fighter pilot. He served his country nobly, receiving two Silver Stars, several Bronze Stars, and two Purple Hearts. he flew 66 combat missions over Vietnam before his aircraft was downed near Hanoi on September 10, 1966. He then endured almost 7 years of unimaginable hardship as a prisoner of war, before finally returning home in March 1973.  Now he seeks to return to Vietnam, not as a warrior, but as an ambassador of peace, helping to heal old wounds and bring Vietnam into the world community after 30 years of isolation. It is a testament to Congressman Peterson's commitment to public service that he is willing to take on this difficult mission. I wish him God's speed.  