 President, I wish we were not here debating this legislation today--not because I don't think it is right; I do, and I am a cosponsor of the bill; but because I wish there was no need to take up a bill like this in the first place.  Unfortunately, our hands have been forced, largely by the courts.  In March of last year, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Washington State law prohibiting physician-assisted suicide was unconstitutional under the constitutional right of privacy.  Then, a month later, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals struck down a similar New York State law, arguing that the equal protection clause of the Constitution gives the terminally ill the same rights to hasten their own death through drugs as other patients have to refuse artificial life support.  Although implementation has been delayed by the courts, in 1994, Oregon voters approved a referendum making physician-assisted suicide legal in that State.  The Supreme Court has heard oral arguments on the matter--and it is expected to rule before the end of this term.  Now, if physician-assisted suicide does become legal--through the courts or through State referendums or by some other means--there will be no doubt an attempt made to have the Federal Government pay for this.  I can hear the arguments already. People will demand that Medicare or Medicaid reimburse physicians who help people commit suicide. Mr. President, this is not such a farfetched notion.  After the voters approved the Oregon referendum in 1994, Oregon officials actually admitted they would seek Medicaid reimbursement if the law were to go into effect.  Now, truth in advertising here, Mr. President. I am opposed to physician-assisted suicide becoming legal in this country, period. So I don't want to hide under some false cloak here. I am one of those who does not support abortion, but I acknowledge that my personal religious view should not be imposed upon the rest of the world because, forme, it is hard to determine and insist that my view on when there is a human life in being is more accurate than someone who is equally as religious as me, but might have a different view. But a suicide is a different story. There is no question that there is a human life in being. Physician-assisted suicide is the most dangerous slippery slope, in my view, that a nation can embark upon.  So I make it clear that this has nothing to do with whether physician-assisted suicide should be allowed. I don't think it should be. But that is beside the point today. What is at issue is--if it becomes legal in one State, several States, or all States--is the Federal Government going to have to pay for it?  To that, I hope we will emphatically say ``no,'' regardless of what each of us thinks about the legality or constitutionality of physician-assisted suicide.  No matter where you are on the issue, under no circumstances should the Federal Government be paying physicians to help people kill themselves.  Let me say what else this debate today is not about. It is not about refusing to accept medical treatment. The Supreme Court has already ruled that individuals have a right to refuse unwanted medical treatment. I am not sure how a physician or a hospital would bill Medicare or Medicaid for not providing a treatment that the patient did not want. But, regardless of that, this bill explicitly states that the funding prohibition does not apply in such circumstances and does not apply to drugs given to alleviate pain.  What we are talking about is when physicians specifically give a patient a drug to kill them--when there is a proactive attempt to kill a patient. That is what we are talking about--no Federal dollars allowed.  I commend Senator Ashcroft and Senator Dorgan for their work on this bill. This has been a bipartisan effort from the start--going back to when this bill was first put together last summer.  Mr. President, it is important that we swiftly and definitively resolve this issue.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  