 President, in 1981, the Senate Judiciary Committee had a new chairman, and a new ranking member, and there were more than a few folks who were eagerly looking forward to the fireworks. With the election of a new, conservative Republican administration and a new Republican majority in the Senate, The Judiciary Committee seemed destined to be a battleground for many of the great philosophical questions which divided us then, and which divide us now. And to many ``Washington Insiders,'' there was little prospect that Strom Thurmond--the veteran conservative Republican chairman from South Carolina who first made his mark on national politics as a principal advocate of States rights--and Joe Biden--a northeastern democrat still in his thirties whose interest in politics was sparked in large part by the civil rights movement--could ever find common ground as we grappled with many of those fundamental questions.  I never shared those doubts, because by that time, Senator Thurmond and I had served together for 8 years. I knew that Strom Thurmond's personal strengths, which I admired greatly regardless of our political differences, would guide the committee toward responsible consensus rather than divisive gridlock, and establish an atmosphere of civil and constructive debate rather than divisive and meaningless partisan rhetoric.  In his 6 years as chairman, and for several years after we switched roles in 1987, Senator Thurmond exceeded my expectations in every way. While the Judiciary Committee did indeed go through some heated debates and contentious hearings--weathering the kind of controversy which I have seen poison the well for other committees for years afterward--Senator Thurmond and I worked together to ensure that the committee's business, the Nation's business, would go forward once the day was done. That would not have happened had it not been for the strength of character of our chairman.  First and foremost, Strom Thurmond is an absolute gentleman, unfailingly courteous and respectful of each individual's dignity. Throughout a lifetime spent in the political arena, he has never forgotten that those who disagree with us are nonetheless entitled to being heard out and treated with dignity. Indeed, that is an important reason that his lifetime in politics has been such a long and productive one.  Here in the Senate, and--as I have seen firsthand--back home in South Carolina, Strom Thurmond's honesty and integrity are the hallmark of his public and private reputation. His word is his bond, and each of us--even the most partisan of political opponents--knows that through the heat of political debate, regardless of the intense pressure that may be upon him, Strom Thurmond can be trusted to keep that word; not when it's politically possible or expedient, but always.  Here in the Senate, our integrity is, ultimately, our most valued possession, and Senator Thurmond is a living example of the value of personal integrity.  Throughout our service on the Judiciary Committee, ``The Chairman'', has distinguished himself by his commitment to absolute fairness; to Republican and Democrat, political ally and philosophical opponent, alike. During the years when I held the gavel--and Strom will always be ``The Chairman'' to me--I tried to match the example of fairness that he set. Indeed, it is a legacy which I hope every committee chairman--and every senator--now and in the future, can strive to follow.  Long before he was a committee chairman; indeed long before he came to the Senate so many years ago, Strom Thurmond was the consummate public servant, dedicated to the proposition that the political system is not an end in itself, but an arena for doing the public good. To that end, he has been committed to getting things done; to meeting the challenges facing ourNation and our people; and to accomplish those goals regardless of partisan politics. Though he holds the record for the Senate's longest filibuster, Strom Thurmond is a doer rather than a talker, and his long list of accomplishments here in the Senate is a testament to his determination to serve the people of South Carolina and this Nation.  ``Patriotism'' is a word that is used often in the course of political debate, sometimes by those seeking to further nothing more than their own personal or political agendas. But patriotism has always been at the core of Strom Thurmond's being, whether in the fields of Normandy or in the Halls of the United States Senate. Senator Thurmond has epitomized the notion that patriotism is neither an outdated value nor a term for scoring political points; but a living principle that challenges us daily and refuses to let us rest on our laurels when it comes to doing the public good.  Today, we commemorate Senator Thurmond's record-setting tenure here in this body. In recent weeks, because I am his friend in spite of our ages and differing political philosophies, I have been asked numerous times to explain the secret to his long tenure. The truth of the matter is that--in addition to the fact that he is a testament to healthy living--the secret to Strom Thurmond's political longevity lies, not with his considerable political skills or with any local anomaly in South Carolina, but deep within Strom Thurmond himself.  It lies in his strength of character, his absolute honesty and integrity, his strong sense of fairness, and his commitment to public service. None of those things are skills which you learn; they are qualities deep within you which, when people know you well, they can sense. That is the secret to Strom Thurmond's success.  Strom Thurmond's ongoing legacy is not the number of years, months, and days he has served in the U.S. Senate. Rather it is his many accomplishments and the good that he has done during those years.  I have been honored and privileged to serve with and work with Senator Thurmond for many of those years. I am proud of the work we have done together on the Senate Judiciary Committee. And I am proud to call him my friend.  Mr. President, I join my colleagues in honoring this important benchmark in Senator Thurmond's long career in public service, knowing that he still has much to give and looking forward to working with him as we confront the challenges of the 21st century.  