 With the permission of the Chair and my colleagues, I will take about 12 minutes, if I may.  Mr. President, the purpose of this FDA reform bill we are considering today is obviously to streamline the process for approving drugs so that they are available to people who need them more quickly. I support the bill and I look forward to its becoming law.  But, Mr. President, I rise today to speak to several amendments and several points that were, quite frankly, made nongermane as a consequence of the cloture vote, so I will pursue this at another date. I rise today to discuss the problem of drugs that do not get to the market, even though we need them desperately, because there are insufficient financial incentives for pharmaceutical companies to develop these drugs that we need to get to the market. In particular, I am speaking about medicines to treat addiction to illegal drugs like cocaine and heroin, so-called pharmacotherapies--that is, drugs that would be able to be developed and used to combat addiction to cocaine and heroin and other scheduled drugs.  Since 1989, when I first offered a comprehensive report, which--I don't know whether I am going to burden the Record with it, but I will point it out to my colleagues. It was a report entitled ``Pharmacotherapy: A Strategy for the 1990s.'' Since that time, I have argued that a key component of our national drug strategy should be the development of these pharmacotherapies that would act as antigens or antagonists to the effects of the illegal drugs being purchased on the streets.  These medicines are critical for turning around addicts, particularly addicts who are difficult to treat with traditional methods. Getting these addicts off of drugs is one of the most important efforts we can undertake to reduce the harm done to our Nation by the drug epidemic--because thesetreatment-resistant addicts commit such a large percentage of the drug-related crime, we would, if we could find some of the answers, significantly impact on and increase the safety of all Americans.  In my 1989 report, I posed the question: ``If drug use is an epidemic, are we doing enough to find a medical `cure' for this disease?'' The obvious answer, as the report concludes, is, no, we are not. If, for example, everyone who was victimized by a drug addict who has knocked them on the head or hurt them or robbed them or burglarized their home, and everyone who is addicted to drugs had a rare disease instead of the victims of drug addiction, or of being addicted to drugs, we would have a multibillion dollar national campaign to find a medical cure for it, as we rightfully are attempting to do with AIDS, breast cancer, or cancer generally. But there is precious little going on, although there is a lot of potential in the area of developing medicines, drugs, to combat drug addiction.  Based on my report, I offered legislation with Senators Kennedy, Moynihan, and others, enacted into law in 1992, which created the Medications Development Program of the National Institute of Drug Abuse and commissioned a major study by the National Academy of Science on pharmacotherapies.  This study highlighted the promise of the medical research that I referred to. In fact, in recent years, there have been a number of promising advances that give hope that effective medicines could be developed if we dedicated a sufficient amount of energy and resources.  One example of this promising research is the recent development of a compound that appears to immunize laboratory animals against the effects of cocaine. Let me say that again. There is a compound that has been developed in a laboratory that appears--it hasn't gone through clinical trials--to be able to immunize laboratory animals against the effects of cocaine. The compound works like a vaccine by stimulating the immune system to develop an antibody that blocks cocaine from entering the brain.  Now, this is pure conjecture on my part. Let's assume that that was able to be developed and it worked for human beings. What an incredible impact it would have on the United States of America. What an incredible impact it would have not only on the addicts, but on those of us who are victims of the addicts. I want to remind everybody that over 60 percent of all the violent crime committed in America is committed by people who are addicted. At the moment they are committing the crime, they are high, they are on a drug or a substance. Just think what a difference that would make.  Now, there are at least eight new medicines with promising potential, beyond the one that I mentioned, to treat drug addictions which are at various stages of research and development. By the way, I commend to my colleagues the report put out by the Institute of Medicine called the ``Development of Medications for the Treatment of Opiate and Cocaine Addiction.''  Now, of the eight promising medicines that are out there, one is LAAM, a treatment for heroin addiction, the first new medicine since methadone was approved in the early 1970's. Others are Naloxone, Naltrexone, Imipramine, Desipramine, Carbamazepine, Burprenorphine, and Diltiazem. These are all medicines identified by the various studies--in this case, by the Institute of Medicine--that in fact have promising capacity to deal with either blocking the effect of the drug when it is ingested by an addict or someone attempting to use it for the first time, or it has the effect of causing that person to be sick and not wanting to take the drug again. Not a silver bullet that cures everything, but every single drug expert I have spoken with indicates that if these could be developed, they would be significant tools in aiding in the recovery of addiction and preventing addiction.  The National Academy of Sciences study also outlined the key steps we have to take to fully realize the promise of pharmacotherapeutic research. Yet, almost a decade after my original report, almost a decade after Senators Kennedy, Moynihan, myself and others moved to change the law in 1992, despite promising research, despite the tremendously important gains that such medicines would mean for our national effort against a drug epidemic, despite the fact that it's clear what steps we have to take to speed and encourage the research in this area, despite all this, we are still not doing enough to encourage the development of medicines to treat drug addiction.  That is why I have come to the floor today, Mr. President--to discuss three amendments I had offered to the FDA reform bill. These amendments sought to take three different approaches to addressing our critical need to develop pharmacotherapies to deal with our drug epidemic.  First, I believe we should reauthorize the Medications Development Program of the National Institute of Drug Abuse and increase its funding to $100 million by the year 2002. I might add, every time we identify serious and pernicious diseases like breast cancer, prostate cancer, or AIDS, what do we do? We all immediately know that if we spend more money on research, we will attract more brilliant women and men into the field to find the answer because they have funding to do their research, and we increase exponentially the prospects that we will find a cure or find something to mitigate against the ravages of the disease. But not all people instinctively reach that conclusion. Why don't we reach that conclusion about drug addiction when the medical community says there are so many promising avenues we could go down? It would be different if the National Academy of Sciences and researchers and experts said, ``You know, there isn't any promise here, there is nothing we should bother to do, there is nothing we can do. This is like trying to be able to go warp speed in our Challenger.'' Well, that would be one thing. But that is not the case. That is not the case.  Currently, the program I have referred to at the National Institute of Drug Abuse receives about $67 million. Increasing that level by 50 percent over the next 5 years is the very least we should be doing in light of the savings in crime reduction, reduction in health care costs, and other expenses that would be eliminated or diminished if we could effectively treat drug addiction with medicine.  Yet, despite the progress being made by Government and university researchers, the Federal Government cannot solve this problem by itself, even if the amendment I proposed were not out of order or were accepted.  Private industry has not aggressively developed pharmacotherapies for a variety of reasons, including a small customer base, difficulties in distributing medicines to the targeted population, and fear of being associated with the notion of substance abuse.  There are two major, major drug companies in my State--Zeneca and Du Pont Merck. They have a number of brilliant researchers. I have visited their laboratories.  They say to me what every other drug company says. ``OK. Biden, how many addicted drug people are there in all America?'' I believe the number is estimated at 5.6 million people. Let's say we spend $200 million, $300 million, $500 million, or $700 million developing it. They say, ``Say we go out and spend all this money. And let's say we come up with a cure or a silver bullet. How do we get that to the 5.6 million people who need it? They don't have the money to buy it. Are you going to guarantee us that you will buy it? Are you going to guarantee us they will take it? What are you going to do? Our return on investment is de minimis. We will lose money in all probability, even if we come up with a silver bullet,'' which they are not suggesting they will.  Conversely, if they come up with a silver bullet for prostate cancer, or a silver bullet for breast cancer, the world would beat a path to their door to buy it. That is one of the reasons they don't want to get into the game, even though they acknowledge that these are promising opportunities.  Second, none of these companies, or anyone I named--Lilly, Squibb, any of them--wants to be known as the company that deals with drug addiction. It is bad public relations.  So for these and many other reasons, private industry has not really gotteninto the fray. We need to create financial incentives to encourage pharmaceutical companies to develop and market these treatments. And we need to develop a new partnership between private industry and the public sector in order to encourage the active marketing and distribution of new medicines so they are accessible to all addicts who need treatment.  My amendments sought to create these incentives in two ways.  First, I believe we must provide additional patent protections for companies that develop drugs to treat substances abuse. Under my bill, pharmacotherapies could be designated ``Orphan Drugs'' and qualify for an exclusive 7-year patent.  These extraordinary patent rights would increase the market value or pharmacotherapies--providing a financial reward for companies that invest in the search to cure drug addiction.  This provision was contained in a bill introduced by Senator Kennedy and me which passed the Senate in 1990, but the provision was dropped in conference. It was also contained in the pharmacotherapy bill I introduced last year and the youth violence bill I introduced this year.  In addition, I proposed an amendment which would provide a substantial monetary reward for companies that develop medicines to treat drug addition and shift responsibility for marketing and distributing such drugs to the Government--a ``Biden Bounty'' as some have called it.  This approach would create a financial incentive for drug companies to invest in research and development but enable them to avoid any stigma associated with distributing medicine to substance abusers.  To qualify for the award, a pharmaceutical company would have to demonstrate that the new medicine meets strict guidelines--developed by the National Academy of Sciences--that the medicine effectively treats cocaine or heroin addition.  At a minimum, the guidelines will require the producer of the drug to conduct a controlled, long-term performance test which demonstrates that: Patients--addicts--will actually take the medicine; addicts will continue taking the medicine for as long as it takes to cure the addition; a significant percentage of those who receive treatment refrained from using cocaine or heroin for at least 3 years; and the medicine has a reasonable cost.  So, it is real simple--if a medicine meets the National Academy of Science test and it is approved by the Food and Drug Administration, then the Government will purchase the patent rights for the drug from the company that developed it.  So this bounty that would be made available to them is literally a reward. A reward, not unlike if I were a billionaire and say, ``I will give any company $100 million if they found the cure for cancer, or for any cancer.'' It is the same notion.  The key reason the Government must not only reward companies with a bounty for developing medicines, but also purchase the patent rights is due to the stigma problem identified by the National Academy of Sciences report. This stigma problem is the legitimate concern of companies that they not be identified as the drug addicts company.  I would also note, that if a company does want to market and distribute the medicine, they do not have to sell the patent to the Government. But if they don't want to they can sell the patent to Government, and we market it.  The purchase price for the patent rights is established by law: $100 million for a drug to treat cocaine addiction and $50 million for a drug to treat heroin addiction, figures recommended by the Tufts University Center on Drug Development.  So the way it works. You develop a patent. You don't want to be distributing it because you don't want to be known as that company. The Federal Government would pay you $100 million for the patent after it has demonstrated that it works, and it was effectively done, and we would be the one engaged in the business of doing it. We can pay all of this money to buy cops, we can pay all of this money for prisons, and pay all of these other moneys for other things. It is a reasonable expenditure for taxpayer dollars, in my view, to deal with the problem and scourge of drug addiction.  Once the Government has purchased the patent rights, then the Government would contract out the production of the drug and distribute it to the existing clinics, hospitals, State and local governments, and other entities qualified to operate drug treatment programs.  This is not a radically different process from how our military procurement works: The Pentagon specifies what they want a fighter plane to be capable of--how fast, its stealth capabilities, what kind of weapons, et cetera; then the powers of the private sector are unleased because the Government will buy the best plane which meets the specifications.  If my colleagues doubt that any such medicine could ever be developed, fine.  If you are right, the Government will never spend the money.  But, if I am right--just imagine the promise--in terms of reduced drug abuse; reduced crime; and reduced health care costs.  The bottom line is that--this joint public/private endeavor I seek will harness the most important engine of innovation the world knows--the private sector.  The three pharmacotherapy amendments I offered were directly related to the purpose of the FDA reform bill and I hoped they would be accepted. Nonetheless, I understand that for procedural reasons, my amendments were out of order and could not be offered for a vote.  Still, I urge the Labor Committee to hold hearings on the topic and consider this legislation as soon as possible. And, I put my colleagues on notice that I will be back to offer these amendments on the next appropriate legislation.  In closing, I would observe that America's drug epidemic is reduced each and every time a drug abuser quits his or her habit. Fewer drug addicts mean fewer crimes, fewer hospital admissions, fewer drug-addicted babies and fewer neglected children. The benefits to our country of developing new treatment options such as pharmacotherapies are manifold.  Each dollar we spend on advancing options in this area can save us 10 or 20 times as much in years to come. The question should not be--``can we afford to pursue a pharmacotherapy strategy?'' But rather, ``can we afford not to?''  I urge my colleagues to join me in promoting an important, and potentially ground breaking, approach to addressing one of our Nation's most serious domestic challenges.  A lot of the scientific community says that there are great promising medicines out there but which the companies will not move on for the reasons I have stated. We should be doing all that we can for our own safety's sake.  I thank my colleagues. I yield the floor.  