 President, I, myself, am in the strangest position I have found myself in, probably, in the 25 years I have been here. I don't disagree with a single thing that my friend from Indiana has stated.  Let me review the bidding, as I understand it, very, very quickly. No. 1, we have to decide, is the United Nations useful? Is the United Nations an important instrument in dealing with crises and conflicts in the world? Should we be a part of it? Does it augment our foreign policy? Is it important? Is it vital?  In my view, the answer to every one of those questions is a resounding yes. As a matter of fact, I went so far, as the fellow with whom I engaged in a political campaign last year repeatedly pointed out--I wrote a very long paper, not too long ago, about 4 years ago, where I wrote that I believed we missed an opportunity for making the United Nations the centerpiece for the architecture of peace well into the next century. I think it has a capacity far beyond that which we are asking of it, and I think it has a capacity that is unparalleled by any other potential organization existing or one that I can contemplate.  I think we do not spend nearly enough time pointing out what my friend from Indiana has, that 80 percent of the U.N.'s work is helping developing countries help themselves. The fact of the matter is, their work includes promoting and protecting democracy and human rights, developing effective food distribution and food cultivation strategies, assisting disaster victims, helping nations avert military threats by providing a diplomatic floor for dispute resolution. Who else does that besides the United Nations? Where else in the world--where in the world can we possibly go to have any of those functions undertaken?  Some would say the United States should do that. The very people who say the United States should do that are the very people who, when the rubber meets the road, say, ``No, no, no, no, we should not be involved. We, the United States, should not be involved. We can't be the world's policemen. We can't be expected to do everything.'' I find it ironic, the same people say the United Nations isn't worth the powder to you know what.  So much--all of what the United Nations does, frankly, even though it is exasperating and time consuming and frustrating sometimes, is clearly in our interest. We rely on the United Nations to provide humanitarian assistance to millions who otherwise would have no source of food or shelter. We rely on the United Nations to eradicate disease and improve health around the world. And particularly, it is the United Nations that leads the world in helping children by providing food and shelter and by protecting them from the scourge of disease that threatens their health in many parts of the world.  We, the United States, rely on the United Nations to handle the increasing flow of refugees across borders and to prevent refugees from devastating and destroying neighboring economies, security, and the environment. We rely upon the United Nations to counter global crimes. The United Nations coordinates the international cooperation to fight terrorism, to counter drug trafficking. We rely on the United Nations to facilitate and maintain peace. In short, we rely on the United Nations in a way that we rely on no other organization. It is indispensable.  So, that is the place from which we both start. I think it is fair to say our voting records for the last 20 years or so have been almost identical relative to the United Nations. I have not been one who has voted to cut the United Nations.  The point that the Senator has made repeatedly and I have made repeatedly is the average American thinks, when we talk about arrearages we owe the United Nations, they think we owe money to a bloated bureaucracy out there that is wasting our money with all of these ghost employees who are doing nothing but subsidizing the economy back home and wasting our money and then voting against our interests, and that is where the money goes.  Hardly any of the money that we owe goes to the Secretariat, goes to pay salaries at the United Nations, or goes to turn the heat and light on. The bulk of the money we owe, we owe to our friends for the reason my friend said. We said: Hey, we ain't sending GI Joe. You send your guys. You send your guys. We can't be expected to be everywhere. And we vote. We have a vote in the U.N. Security Council. If we don't want to vote to send anybody there, we can say no, and they don't go. But we vote yes because we view it to be in our policy interests, our foreign policy interests. So, who do we owe? We owe France, we owe England, we owe Belgium. I have a list right here. I will repeat it. It bears repeating: France, Great Britain, The Netherlands, Pakistan, Germany, Belgium, Italy, India, Canada. That is where the bulk of the money is we owe--for peacekeeping.  I say to my friend from Indiana, one of the things I tried to note in negotiating this is: I'll tell you what, why don't we just pay all the peacekeeping stuff up front? We can sell that to the folks here. Even the those that don't like the United Nations, they like Great Britain, they like Germany. Even the folks that don't like the United Nations acknowledge France is an ally. Why don't we just pay them, no strings, nothing, pay what we owe, bingo.  I even tried to put in an amendment. The Senator used the phrase, ``pass through.'' In a sense, the United Nations is passing through that money to them. I even came up with language--I should say this young man on my staff came up with language--to say: Guarantee that the money just passes through, cannot be diverted to go anyplace else: Pass through, pay France; pass through, pay Belgium, pass through--et cetera.  Tried that route. As was pointed out accurately by my friends with whom I was negotiating, ``Hey, look, we realize if you pay our friends, then the pressure is relieved. The pressure is relieved. We're not likely to get these changes we want in the United Nations.''  So you are right, this is pressure; you are right. We finally, after all these negotiations, which included the administration, said, ``OK, what do we do? Do we end up essentially emasculating the United Nations, causing its further''--talk about resentment--``further resentment?''  Let me back up. I apologize to my friend for him having to hear this for the third time from me. I have heard from him as well three times, and I welcome hearing 10 more times, because he is right on the merits. I was asked if I would have a meeting with the President of the General Assembly. I forget how many people he brought along with him, three or four folks representing their countries in the United Nations, their Ambassadors.  They came down to see me--I am paraphrasing as was stated by the spokesperson for the President--as a friend of the United Nations seeking my help. We sat around the conference table in my office for, I don't know, an hour, hour and a half. I listened to what they had to say.  I said, basically, ``You're right.'' I said, ``Let me get this straight now. You are saying three things to me: One, you acknowledge the United Nations needs some reform and you want that reform to take place anyway and you're going to initiate it. But if we even request, if Senator Helms' benchmark includes any of the reforms you have already contemplated you want to do, if it did, then it would make it harder for you to do them because people would resent the fact that we were telling you you had to do them.'' I said, ``Do I have that straight?''  They said, ``Yes, that's right.''  I said, ``Let me get the second point. The second point is you desperately need a demonstration of the board of findings of the United States that we're going to pay our debt, and that you can't wait another year on promises. It is no longer good enough you have a President who says he is with you and you have a minority of Senators who say they are with you, you need something tangible right now.''  ``Yes, that's my second message, Senator.''  ``But your third message is: Give us the money with no strings now, even if it is not all of it, in order for us to be able to get things underway to demonstrate we will reform in order for you then to have enough votes to produce the rest of the money.'' I said, ``So you acknowledge it is going to have to be staged, right?''  ``Yes.''  I said, ``I agree with you, but before you leave, let me ask you a question. Given your choice, no money and no conditions this year or conditions that are consistent with the things you say you want to do anyway and you are willing to attempt to do, and significant money this year with a significant commitment for the bulk of the money the next year and the remainder the third year, which do you pick?''  They said, ``We pick the conditions and money rather than no money, no conditions.''  So I sat down with the administration and I said, ``OK, folks, you sent up here a proposal for over a billion dollars in 1 year. Got anybody to support it besides me?''  ``Yeah, we got some other people to support it,'' and named, I believe your name was taken in vain, I say to Senator Lugar, and a few others.  I said, ``Do you think you have enough votes to get that done?''  They said, ``No, we don't think so.''  ``What do you want me to do? Well, let's see what we can get done.''  So I met with the Secretary, and I met with our U.N. Ambassador, our former colleague from the House. I said, ``You have to tell us your drop-dead number''--excuse the expression. ``What is the bottom line on this? If I can't get all you need, what is the bottom line on all this? And I want to tell you what the conditions are here that Senator Helms wants. I don't want any of those conditions, but what ones can you live with and what can't you live with?'' And we began a long, long process of negotiating.  The end result is what you see here. The end result is the administration, whether they are right, wrong or indifferent, told me on this part of the U.N., they want more. They don't like the conditions. They believe the minimum number should be $1.21 billion. They don't believe we owe, by the way, 1 billion 4. They don't agree with that. They don't think we owe that, which is the number everybody uses. They say we don't owe that.  When the day was done, the Senator from North Carolina made some significant concessions. That left the Senator from Delaware in a position to say, ``OK, the U.N. says, bottom line, they would rather run the risk of not risking another year of nothing,'' notwithstanding the fact it will cause them serious problems. In turn, I think the Senator is right; it is going to cause us additional problems. The administration says we can do it on this amount of money and we can make those conditions work if you stagger the conditions to the end. ``Give us the bulk of the money upfront and make the hard conditions at the end.'' That is what they said.  So we go back to the threshold question: Is the United Nations in our interest? I believe deeply that it is essential--essential--to the ability to carry a sound foreign policy for this country into the next decade and beyond. OK.  Now, what is the best chance of the U.N. continuing to be viable? Take a chance on something that the President of the General Assembly doesn't like but acknowledges, given two bad choices, would rather have, take the position the President does not like, our U.N. Ambassador does not like but believes can get the job done if that is what it has to be, or go back to square one, which is debate this on principle--and I am not belittling and I am not being a smart guy saying that--debate the principle of this for another 4 months or 2 months or 6 months or a year and leave Ambassador Richardson totally empty-handed, with no money, not give the Secretary General anything to demonstrate that we have other than a minority of us and the President saying we will pay, the check is in the mail, or go ahead and do what is proposed in this legislation?  I honestly believe, unless the administration is fundamentally wrong in their calculation, this is in the absolute best interest of the United States of America and has the greatest prospect of continuing to have the United States viable than any other alternative I can come up with.  The next question, it seems to me, is reasonable to ask: OK, Biden, geez, you agree with Senator Lugar, he is your ally, you are in the same boat on this thing, you agree with the principle he is saying, you got this much, why not go along with him and raise it? Maybe if you speak up now, you may get enough votes to get 51 people in this body to vote up that number.  There is a simple answer to that. It may not be a good answer in the minds of most people. The editorial boards of the New York Times and others won't like it, but if I do that, there is no deal. Then we go back, not negotiating between 819 and 1 billion 21 or whatever the Senator's amendment is going to say precisely, or saying we pay all the 819 without any conditions and whether we pay the 819 with conditions, we go back to zero versus 1.021, or zero versus 819 and no conditions.  I don't suggest that I know any more than my friend from Maryland, Senator Sarbanes, and my friend from Indiana, Senator Lugar, but I do suggest I don't know any less about how this place works. I do suggest that paying this over 2 years will be better than over 3, but the issue is whether it is over 5 or none when we started this. I do suggest it is better to have no conditions than the conditions we have in here, but I suggest it is much worse to have the original conditions than the conditions that are in this bill.  I have a vast amount of respect for both my colleagues. As my friend from Indiana will tell you, when I thought that the Senator from North Carolina was unwilling to raise the level to the amount that the administration said they needed, I picked up the phone and I called the Senator from Indiana, and I called two other of my Republican colleagues on the committee, and I said, ``If I offer an amendment to fully fund this,'' or if we offer it, ``can we get it adopted?''  In the case of two other Republican Senators, I said, ``If I offer it, will you vote for it?''  In the case of the Senator from Indiana, I said, ``If we offer it, what do you think our chances are?''  In the meantime, the Senator from North Carolina, the chairman of the committee, said, ``All right, I will go to the minimum number that the administration says they need, but I won't go any further.''  In addition to that, we also were able to get the number up for the international organization account for this year's State Department authorizationand a lot of other things that the administration wanted.  So here we are. I will end where I began, where the Senator from Indiana began. This is one of the most important decisions we are going to make. The viability of the United Nations and our influence on that organization is critical to American foreign policy interests, to the interests of the United States over the next several decades.  Strategically, we have not one bit of difference. Tactically, is it better to get what the administration says they can make work, what the Secretary General says he appreciates--the attempt we are making and doesn't know if he will get funding from, but thanks for the effort, and what the President of the General Assembly says he would rather have, given two bad choices. Is it tactically better to go that route, to ``save the U.N.'' and us in it, or is it tactically better to not go this route, go the route of the amendment of my friend from Indiana, and if we win, hope that my friend from North Carolina says, ``Well, I lost here on the floor, that's OK by me''? I choose the first tactical option for the same strategic reason the Senator from Indiana chooses the second.  I had one of my colleagues say, ``You know, you got the chairman to go up to 819. The trouble with you is you just didn't have a tough enough bargain. You could have gotten him to go higher. If you just held faster, he would have gone higher.''  I respectfully suggest, name me someone else who got the chairman up to 819 or even remotely close.  There is one other provision I am almost reluctant to raise here, but one of the provisions the chairman has in this mark is that we get paid money for our peacekeeping.  The administration believes there are moneys owed us as well and believes the U.N. owes us about $107 million. That is not part of this legislation, but it is part of the calculus. It may end up being a fight between OMB and the administration--I mean, within the administration. It may be a fight in some other place if the administration really cares about this. Do not come to me and tell me it is easier to get another $107 million from my good friend here and a majority of his colleagues, our colleagues who are his allies, if they cannot work out an internal problem within the administration.  So we are at least theoretically talking about $925 million versus $1.021 billion. We have all been in this business long enough. If, in fact, our Ambassador to the United Nations--probably the most skilled negotiator we have ever had in that spot in the history of the United Nations--if he cannot figure out the difference over 3 years for roughly $90 million, then he is not the fellow I worked with in the last decade and a half.  Like I said, as one of my colleagues said to me, ``Joe, I've been here too long. I'm not doing this on anything other than on pure principle anymore.'' Well, that is great. That is great. My honest opinion--and that was not said by my friend from Indiana, although he is an incredibly principled guy--in my view, tactically, this is the single best thing that can happen to enhance and give the greatest prospect for the outcome that I desire occurring, and that is, a viable United Nations, with the United States playing a vital role and the United Nations playing a vital role.  Again, every argument made by my friend from Maryland in the committee and my friend from Indiana in the committee, and here, is accurate as it relates to whether or not we are imposing on the United Nations. We are. I might add, I do not know how they voted, but we voted on legislation that imposed on the United Nations an IG, an inspector general. We imposed that on them. I did not hear anybody standing on the floor then saying, ``We are imposing on the United Nations.'' Maybe somebody did. It sure did not reach this level. It is not new.  Some may recall in a previous Republican administration, the Secretary General discussed with us reducing our share to 20 percent--actually, below 20 percent, between 10 and 15 percent --and the then Republican Secretary of State said, ``No, we don't want to go that low. It will diminish our influence.'' So it is not like we are coming out of the blue with a number that cannot possibly be met.  Agreed, I do not like doing business this way. If I sign on to a contract, even though the terms turn against me, I stick with the contract until--as our friend from Mississippi, Senator Stennis, used to say every time you would look at him--I have one of his letters he sent me. He said, ``You got to plow the field to the last furrow, to the end of the road.'' Well, that is how I think contracts work. You plow the field to the last furrow, to the end of the road, then negotiate next year's crop, then negotiate how many furrows next year. That is the better way to do it. That is how I am used to doing business.  Personally, as a Senator, as a legislator, as a man--as a man--this field is not going to have any crops. It is not going to grow anything because there is no plow in the field right now. We may not have enough of a plow to plow the field to the last row, to the last furrow at the end of the row, but, boy, we have 99 percent of the field covered.  Then, as I said earlier--and I will yield the floor with this--in a slightly different context today I said, you know, I am a Senator. That means I am an optimist. To be a Senator, it seems to me, you have to be an optimist. You would not choose this job knowingly if you thought things were not going to turn out.  Well, look, 3 years is a long time. Kofi Annan, the Secretary General, called me on Friday. I realize that is nothing unique. I am not the only guy that has spoken to him. But he called me. I happened to have known him in his former incarnation in the United Nations. He is one heck of a guy. And he called and said, ``Joe, I want to thank you for the try.'' He did not say, ``I called and said I think it is a good deal.'' He said, ``I want to thank you.'' I do not recall whether he said it or I said it, but he will hear it, so he will correct me if I am wrong. My recollection was that one of us said off the other's sentence, ``Three years is a long time.'' And then he said, ``I hope by the end of this year many of the very proposals and reforms you're asking for will already be done and maybe that will change some people's minds.''  The administration only asks for $100 million in fiscal year 1998, and this gives them $100 million in fiscal year 1998. The conditions they have to meet are basically zero. They have to promise our sovereignty is not in jeopardy, essentially. The second year, the $400 million and some, the conditions get a little tougher--not very tough. The third year, the last $244 million, that is where the rubber meets the road.  The Senator did not want to do it that way. The Senator wanted the rubber to meet the road the first date.  Is that a fair statement, I say to my friend from North Carolina?  He has actually made some genuine, serious concessions. I said, let us keep this ball in play. That is my plea. Let us keep the U.N. in play. Get them money now. Start to pay back our debts now. Get it underway now. As I am one of those guys that thinks once you put the ball in play, we win--we will reach the appropriate outcome.  My concern with the approach taken by my friend from Indiana--and he, as I said, has been here almost as long as I have; he is a skilled politician in the best sense of the word, as well as a principled, knowledgeable legislator--he could be right that the route I am taking you down tactically will not get us to the strategic objective, and maybe the way to do this is call the bluff, call the bluff. But I doubt whether or not even he believes that if we were to prevail, or if I were to abandon this fairly reached deal, that we would likely, at the end of the process, be any further along than we were the end of last year.  Keep in mind--I want to say it again because I have been absolutely, completely straight with my friend from North Carolina--if we go to conference and they have no money--by the way, unless something happened in the last couple days, they have zero, nothing, for the U.N., zero--if this means we go to conference and Biden is expected to go from $819 million to $408,500,000, they have the wrong guy. My bottom line is $819 million.  So we may not get to there from here even if we do it my way--not my way, the way suggested in this legislation. But I respectfully suggest no one has laid out for me, and I am anxious to hear it, how we get from here to there.And the ``there'' is preserving the United Nations, our position within it, its viability, credibility, and ours as well.  I cannot believe, if the Senator from Indiana were President--and he would have made a good one--and I were the Secretary of State--I doubt he would have picked me--I cannot believe, if he said, ``Joe, you go see Chirac, you go see Blair, you go see Kohl, you work out something on this arrearages deal with them.'' I cannot believe I could not get that done for him without damaging my relationship with them and figuring out a way at the end of the day--the end of the day, whether that means 3 years or 5 years or 7 years--to pay what we owe.  But I do not know how to get from here to there. Were he President and I Secretary of State, and he said, ``Joe, go work out a deal with those guys. And, by the way, you have no money. We can't come up with a nickel. You go work it out.'' I do not know, folks--I do not know. I think I have a little bit of a greater faith in this administration than my colleagues do, and a little greater faith in the ability of our Ambassador to the United Nations to make this work without suffering the consequences that could and may be suffered if this were to pass. But like I said, I have not heard any other idea. And I have been working with this too long to fall on my sword.  I again close where I opened. I think on the merits--my friend from North Carolina knows how I feel--I think on the merits my friend from Indiana is correct. But I think the merits and the friendship of the Senator from Indiana may get me into the girls State championship basketball game in Indiana, maybe, but it will not get me much further--probably will not even get me there.  I yield the floor.  