 President, I would like to speak in a generic sense to this issue and then briefly to the amendment, if the managers do not mind my doing that at this moment.  Mr. President, we are going to have several amendments that call for cutting off of funds, that call for withdrawal of American forces from Bosnia by a date certain, and so on, amendments like the amendment No. 759 of the Senator from Wisconsin and the substitute amendment No. 802 of the Senator from Michigan. I understand this may be a work in progress here, since I know there are very bright people of all our staffs sitting down right now trying to figure out whether or not we can cobble together a reasonable compromise in this area. That is why I am not going to speak to the detail of any amendment, but I would like to speak to the issue because the issue does not change regardless of how the amendment is crafted.  In reviewing the history of our policy in Bosnia, I feel like an odd variant of a worker on a decision tree who, instead of taking the best choice available to him, was forced to take the second best one in almost every instance where he had a choice to make. It's like that old joke, you know, from Yogi Berra, ``When you come to a fork in the road, take it.''  Forks in the road that we have been presented with have usually involved two bad choices. For most of the duration of the conflict in the former Yugoslavia, over the last 4 years I have found myself taking a minority position and sometimes being a minority of one or two or three here in the Senate. As early as September 1992, on the floor of the Senate, I called for lifting of the immoral and illegal arms embargo against Bosnia. I also called for conducting airstrikes against the genocidal Serbian aggressors.  I went to Bosnia during that period, came back, wrote a lengthy report, which was characterized as ``lift and strike,'' and engaged the President on that policy. We had significant debates here on the floor of the Senate about whether or not that policy was a sound one. I was told by very knowledgeable people on the floor of the Senate that, ``Obviously, airstrikes didn't work,'' and, ``What was I talking about?'' and, ``The Serbs would just be more emboldened,'' all of which turned out to be dead wrong--dead, flat wrong. Three years and a quarter of a million dead later, we finally conducted airstrikes, which led to the Dayton accords and lifting of the arms embargo.  What is done is done, Mr. President. After Dayton, we committed our troops to a multinational peace implementation force. But I remind my colleagues that had we followed the lift-and-strike policy when first advocated, we would not have needed to send American troops to Bosnia, either in IFOR or in SFOR. But now our forces are there.  So, to review the bidding, my original preference was lift and strike. There were European forces on the ground. We would lift the embargo, use our air power to supplement those ground forces that were there, and therefore, there would be no need to have American forces there. But we ended up with a situation that was the next best, but still not good. We waited. We dillied around for 3 years and then finally conducted airstrikes. We finally got the Dayton accords. Since we were now part of the deal, we had to provide ground forces as well. So that was the second-best alternative. Going back to that decision tree I spoke of, we took a route over here that was better than not being on the tree, but it was not what it should have been in the first place.  So I find myself in the strange position of having argued, initially, 4 years ago, 5 years ago, that there was no need for American ground troops in Bosnia, to now being on the floor defending the presence of our ground troops there. But again I want to emphasize that we made the wrong decision at the outset. We finally made the right decision 3 years later, but by that time we had fewer options once we made the right decision.  Now our forces are there, and they have been the principal reason for the successes that have been achieved by SFOR. Although many of the provisions of the Dayton peace accords remain to be carried out, absolutely nothing would have been accomplished had it not been for the job that SFOR has done, and its predecessor, IFOR. These men and women from NATO member states and many non-NATO states, led by an American contingent, have successfully separated the warring factions, the Muslims, the Serbs, and the Croats, and have ended at least temporarily the blatant, planned genocide of the Muslims by the Serbs and the direct, immediate involvement of the country of Serbia, led by a war criminal named Milosevic. They have succeeded in putting a substantial amount of heavy weaponry in storage sites. And the carnage--though not the damage--in Bosnia has stopped.  Yet much remains to be accomplished. There are still incidents of beatings and house burnings, which are inexcusable and must be halted. Most refugees are still not able to return to their homes. And if their homes lie in territory controlled by another of the three main religious groups, in almost every instance they have not been able to return. Most of the indicted war criminals remain at large.  I have been very critical of the British conduct in Bosnia, but let me say publicly that I compliment them for doing yesterday what all of SFOR should be doing with indicted war criminals.  These are people who engaged in genocide, and they should be taken to court, an international tribunal, which exists. If they resist, all force necessary should be used to apprehend them.  Yesterday the British SFOR troops acted. One indicted Bosnian Serb war criminal was taken into custody. Another who resisted was shot and killed. So, hurrah for the British. I hope we are emboldened enough to act in the same way. So, again, most of the war criminals still remain at large, institutions of government, both at the national level and in the Muslim-Croat federation, need to be fleshed out and developed, notwithstanding the progress we have made.  So now, once again I find myself in the minority. I think it was a mistake for the Clinton administration to have set a deadline of the end of June 1998 for the withdrawal of American ground forces from Bosnia, before we were sure that all the tasks enumerated in the Dayton accords will have been accomplished.  Moreover, as I have repeatedly said over the last half year, I think our West European allies, particularly Great Britain and France, are making a serious mistake by not accepting our offer of United States air, sea, communications, and intelligence assets, plus an American ready reserve force, as they say, over the horizon, in Hungaryor Italy, if they would keep their ground forces in Bosnia when ours withdraw.  I recently attended the NATO summit meeting in Madrid with President Clinton and my colleague, Bill Roth and several others. At that meeting I suggested exactly that course of action. I hope the administration will push our European allies very hard on that point.  But, once again I find myself in the minority, suggesting that it was a bad idea to set a date of withdrawal once we had put troops on the ground. It would be even worse idea if we mandated that they leave or cut off funds. And it would be a still worse idea, if we do withdraw, if the Europeans withdraw. As I have stated repeatedly over the last half year, I think our European allies, particularly France and Great Britain, would be making a major mistake.  Our allies talk ceaselessly in Brussels about a European security and defense identity and a European pillar within NATO, but when they get a chance to put their troops where their mouths are, they somehow change their tune.  Now, once more, we face a Hobson's choice. I wish we had not set a date certain for withdrawal from Bosnia. I want the Europeans to play the military role to which they declare they aspire. But I do not want to give hope to the sordid opponents of Dayton, like Milosevic and Tudjman, who would like to carve up Bosnia after international troops leave. So, I am reluctantly forced, in Mr. Hobson's terms, to take the horse nearest the door; that is to give the Clinton administration the freedom of action to come up with a better plan within the next 12 months.  Could all the Bosnian horrors of ethnic cleansing, rape camps, and shelling of innocent civilians and children reemerge? You bet they could. In fact, if the international force withdraws before the tasks enumerated in Dayton have been accomplished, you can be sure they all will return--ethnic cleansing, rape camps, shelling of innocent women and children. By locking us into a specific withdrawal date without providing a viable alternative, we will guarantee that all we have accomplished in Bosnia will quickly fall apart and that what remains to be accomplished will never get off the drawing board. It will guarantee that a tinhorn dictator like Milosevic in Serbia, and an authoritarian thug like Tudjman in Croatia, will be able to proceed with their ill-conceived plans to torpedo Dayton and do what they have intended all along--since 1992, I have been saying this--to carve up Bosnia and Herzegovina, with part going to Serbia and the rest to Croatia.  We have accomplished a great deal in Bosnia and Herzegovina. We have made a commitment to the people of that tragic land and to our allies, and to other cooperating partners in SFOR. Largely, though, because of congressional pressure, it is not an open-ended commitment. Some of my colleagues suspect that the President will come back to us with a request for another extension of funding for our troop commitment to SFOR. Fine. If he does, we will have a thorough debate and then decide whether or not to support his request. But to say now, as is being contemplated by some, that we should cut off any funds in the future, to say that now we will dictate what the outcome will be a year from now, is the ultimate in stupidity, in my view. We are micromanaging. We are sending every wrong message we possibly can throughout Bosnia and the rest of Europe.  What do we accomplish by doing that? Well, we accomplish, I guess, satisfying ourselves and telling people we are withdrawing troops. We have the authority to do that if the President does not withdraw troops by the end of June of next year. That is the operative date.  So let's give the President an opportunity to jawbone with our European colleagues, to come up with a follow-on plan for what will occur after we withdraw our ground forces from Bosnia a year from now. But let's not do it now. Again, my friend from Michigan is trying very hard to come up with a proposal that basically says the same thing: look, Europeans, stay. We get out but we provide support.  That is a reasonable approach. But, again, let's not, further on this decision tree, make another bad choice that leads us down the road further to less opportunity and fewer options for peace and security in Europe.  As I said, I just had the great honor of being in Madrid, Spain, with the leaders of more than 16 European nations. I was playing what was very much a bit role, along for the ride, but there. I find it somewhat ironic that at the very moment some of us are supporting the enlargement of NATO to spread the zone of stability eastward within Europe so we do not end up in a circumstance like we did between World War I and World War II, when several smaller states unable to be part of the West were forced to seek their own bilateral military arrangements and their own attempts to provide their collective security--we, on the floor of the U.S. Senate, are contemplating voting to increase the instability in the most insecure part of Europe.  To conclude, my hope is that we will not lock the President into a policy straitjacket while the situation remains so unstable. To those who have a philosophic disagreement with me that we should not be involved, that Bosnia is not so important, I say to them: you are not giving up any option, by opposing an attempt to determine the outcome a year before it is required, because there will be American forces there for the next year unless there is a foolhardy amendment that suggests we withdraw all American forces right now from SFOR.  Mr. President, I thank my colleagues for their time, and I yield the floor.  