 President, 2 of the 12 seats on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals are currently vacant. Some have argued that the vacancy to which Merrick Garland has been nominated should not be filled because the D.C. circuit is overstaffed. But the reasons Congress gave for approving 12 seats for the D.C. circuit remain compelling today and justify filling this vacancy.  Further, to propose eliminating a circuit court judgeship within the context of a particular nomination, rather than through the deliberative process we normally follow in addressing judgeship needs, jeopardizes the impartiality and independence of the judiciary.  Merrick Garland's nomination was first delivered to the Senate on September 6, 1995--more than 18 months ago. The Judiciary Committee held a confirmation hearing on the nomination on November 30, 1995, and forwarded the nomination for consideration by the full Senate 2 weeks later. The full Senate failed to act on Garland's nomination for 9\1/2\ more months, however, returning it to the President at the close of the 104th Congress.  In fact, the Senate refused to confirm a single circuit court judge during the entire second session of the last Congress. This was the first time in more than 20 years that an entire session of Congress had passed without a single circuit court confirmation. Nonetheless, some argued that shutting down the confirmation process is par for the course in an election year. They are wrong. And let me set the record straight.  George Bush made nearly one-third of his 253 judicial nominations in 1992, a Presidential election year. As chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I held 15 nomination hearings that year, including 3 in July, 2 in August, and 1 in September. In 1992--the last Presidential election year--the Senate continued to confirm judges through the waning days of the 102d Congress. We even confirmed 7 judges on October 8--the last day of the second session. As a result, the Senate confirmed all 66 nominees the Judiciary Committee reported out that year--55 for the district courts and 11 for the circuit courts. Let me repeat: last session, only 17 district judges were confirmed and no circuit judges were confirmed.  Now that the election is over and Merrick Garland has been renominated, Republicans argue that we should not vote to confirm him because the District of Columbia circuit needs only 10 judges. They are wrong. And let me set the record straight.  Congress has previously recognized the need for 12 judges. Twelve years ago, based on the recommendation of the Judicial Conference of the United States, Congress concluded that the D.C. circuit's caseload warranted 12 judgeships. The Senate report to the 1984 legislation creating an additional judgeship states:       Located at the seat of the Federal government, the Court of      Appeals for the District of Columbia inevitably receives a      significant amount of its caseload from federal      administrative agencies headquartered in that area.      Administrative appeals filed in this court numbered 504 in      1982 and represented 34.8 percent of the incoming caseload.      Due to the nature of the caseload which includes many unique      cases involving complex legal, economic and social issues of      national importance and a large backlog of pending appeals,      this court requires one additional judgeship.  The D.C. circuit needs 12 judges to handle its complex caseload. A large portion of the D.C. Circuit caseload consists of complex administrative appeals which generally consume a largeramount of judicial resources than other appellate cases. Therefore, comparison of raw caseload data between the D.C. circuit, with its high percentage of complex administrative cases, and the other circuits is misleading. According to the statistics provided by the Administrative Office of U.S. Courts for the period from September 30, 1995 to September 30, 1996, 1,347 cases were filed in the D.C. circuit, 474 of which--or 35.2 percent--were administrative appeals. In contrast, in the remaining 11 circuits, of the 51,991 cases filed, only 2,827--or 5.4 percent--were administrative appeals.  The D.C. circuit has a long time interval between filing a notice of appeal and final disposition. Because the D.C. circuit has this incredibly high percentage of administrative appeals relative to the other circuits and because these types of cases require tremendous amounts of judicial resources, litigants in the D.C. circuit must wait an average of 12 months between the filing of the notice of appeal and final disposition. Only 3 of the 12 circuits have a longer average for this time frame.  The fact that the D.C. circuit has a long time interval between filing and disposition is indicative of the complex cases that the circuit handles. Other circuits have more criminal appeals and garden-variety diversity cases that often are amenable to summary disposition without oral argument.  The D.C. circuit has fewer pro se appeals than other circuits. In addition to having fewer criminal appeals and diversity cases, the D.C. circuit has a lower percentage of pro se mandamus cases than all other circuits. Chief Judge Edwards has noted that pro se appeals are often frivolous, easily identified as lacking merit, or otherwise amenable to disposition without significant expenditure of judicial resources.  The D.C. circuit has more cases of national importance than other circuits. Not only are complex administrative appeals commonly heard in the D.C. circuit, but as a result of its location at the seat of the Federal Government, the D.C. circuit also hears a disproportionate number of the high-profile cases of national importance that reach the U.S. Courts of Appeals. The D.C. circuit decided in 1996 alone National Treasury Employees Union versus United States of America, a challenge to the constitutionality of the Line-Item Veto Act, as well as Perot versus Federal Election Commission, an appeal from a district court's rejection of Ross Perot's attempt to participate in last year's Presidential debates.  The same reasons that supported the creation of a 12 judgeship for the D.C. circuit in 1984 justify its existence now. If reasoned deliberation and study of this circuit leads to the conclusion that a future vacancy should not be filled, then we should address that issue, but not within the context of this nomination. If ad hoc analysis becomes our mode of operation, we will give the appearance of a politicized judiciary.  I congratulate Merrick Garland for his distinguished career and commend President Clinton for making this nomination. I hope that the Senate will act to confirm him as expeditiously as possible.  