 I would say, to the best of my knowledge, all 100 Senators here are honest and decent people. But the perception out there is that there must be--must be--something wrong because all this money is in here.  So, it seems to me, I say to my friend from South Carolina--and I am not being solicitous--as usual, you have cut to the quick of the matter. Nothing can fundamentally change--fundamentally change--with regard to the way in which the process works until we have the ability under the law to limit the amount of money we spend, to determine how we can raise it, and to limit certain outside excesses that presently exist. If we did the things that we all would agree privately we have to do, the Supreme Court, I believe, would rule under their recent case law that it was a violation of the first amendment.  So what I am saying to my friend from South Carolina is, besides thank you, that you are dead, dead, dead right. I am going to vote for things in addition to this amendment, but not because I think without this amendment they are going to work, but because I think they are the only things we can do. And, I hope that I am wrong in terms of my reading of the Court's assessment of the first amendment.  My colleagues sometimes kid me, Mr. President, because they know I teach constitutional law in law school now. I think it must send shutters through Justice Scalia and others that I have been teaching the last 5 years a course on constitutional law and separation of powers issues. But you know what they say, if you want to learn a subject, teach it. If you want to learn a subject, teach it.  I am an adjunct professor at Widener University Law School, and I have taught a seminar on constitutional law for the past 5 years on Saturday mornings. I might add for the record, I do it without any conflicts to my job in the Senate. I do it Saturday mornings, on my time. Nobody helps me with it.  I am telling you, Senator Hollings, you are right. Without changing the Constitution and giving us the power to determine what parameters we set or how we raise money for elections or how much we can spend, then anything we do here is subject to significant change by the Supreme Court.  Twenty-one years ago the Supreme Court ruled that spending money was the same thing as speech. The Court said that writing a check for a candidate was speech, but writing a check to a candidate was not speech.  The Supreme Court made a supremely bad and, I believe, supremely wrong decision. By saying that Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom to write a check, the Court is saying that Congress cannot take the responsible step of limiting how much money politicians can spend in trying to get elected. And we have to start putting limits on this because money is just permeating the system.  I am sure I am going to repeat a few things here that have been said by others, but I think they are worth being repeated.  In just the last 4 years, the total amount of money given to the political parties has increased 73 percent--73 percent. The total amount of money spent on races for Congress has increased 600 percent in the last 20 years. These are in real dollars--600 percent.  I ask you, how do these young pages, some of whom hopefully have dreams and aspirations of standing where I am right now--hopefully, a number of you have that aspiration--how do they get started.  When I started to get involved in public office, I had to raise the awfulsum of $150,000 to make the race credible, $250,000 to be in the game, and $350,000 to win in little old Delaware.  Today, somebody who wants to beat an incumbent, me or Bill Roth, they better be able to raise a minimum of $2 million. But guess what? We only have 700,000 people in my whole State. But you know why they need so much money in Delaware? The reason is, we are in the fourth most expensive media market in the country. And as everybody knows, just to get to the point where 60 percent of the people in your State know enough about you to make a judgment whether they should vote for you or not, costs a lot of money. Just to get to know you--nothing else, not even to get to the point where they have any idea what your views are. Just to get to the point you are known. You know what it costs, I say to my friends who are from States much bigger than mine but in places where it is a lot cheaper to buy television? You know what it costs to air one 30-second ad at a good time on Philadelphia television on one of the network stations? It is $30,000 for 30 seconds.  