 President, I am pleased to join in introducing today with Senator Grassley and others the Drug-Free Communities Act of 1997. This legislation will help take an important step forward toward a goal we all share--keeping kids away from drugs and drugs away from kids.  This 5 year, $140 million authorization to fund local antidrug prevention efforts could be an important catalyst to getting local groups together to plan, coordinate, and carry out the wide variety of drug prevention treatment activities we all know are necessary to reverse the rise of drug abuse among our children. By unleashing the talents and energy of local coalitions of local businesses, schools, law enforcement, religious organizations, doctors, and others we can build community-wide and community-based drug prevention efforts.  For all these reasons, I am pleased to offer my support for the concept embodied in this legislation. But, I must offer two important conditions to my support for this bill. First, as potentially valuable as antidrug coalitions can be, I do not believe it would be wise for us to ``rob Peter to pay Paul'' by trying to fund this drug prevention effort by cutting funding for other, worthy drug prevention efforts. It is myunderstanding that the other sponsors of this legislation in both the House and the Senate share this view, and I look forward to working with them to find the modest dollars necessary to fund this effort.  Second, it is also my understanding that the sponsors of this legislation are continuing to work with the Drug Director to iron out the bureaucratic details of how this effort will be undertaken at the Federal level. I am confident that none of the sponsors of this bill have any desire to establish any new layers of wasteful bureaucracy, so I look forward to working with them to pass the most efficient, effective effort possible.  This bill offers a key example of the bipartisan support for drug prevention and drug treatment efforts which exists at the grassroots level throughout our Nation. In the weeks and months ahead, I look forward to working with my colleagues in the same bipartisan fashion.  As my colleagues have heard me note on numerous occasions--our Nation stands on the edge of the ``baby boomerang''--with 39 million American children under the age of 10, the greatest number since the 1960's. We must prepare for these 39 million as they enter their teen years when they will be at their greatest likelihood of falling prey to drugs and crime. If we do not, we will pay for our lack of foresight with what could be the most severe epidemic of youth drug abuse, youth violence, and youth crime our Nation has ever suffered.  Preparing each of these 39 million American children means giving them the techniques and the desire to stay away from drugs--in short, drug prevention. The Drug-Free Communities Act of 1997 is one of what must be many elements of a comprehensive, nationwide drug prevention effort. I am pleased to cosponsor this legislation and I look forward to passing it into law.  Mr. D'AMATO. Mr. President, I join my colleagues in the introduction of the Drug Free Communities Act and urge its passage. This bill responds to a distressing increase in teenage drug use by providing startup funding and technical assistance to community coalitions that work together to prevent drug use.  According to the University of Michigan's 1996 Monitoring the Future study, more than half of all high school students use illicit drugs by the time they graduate. The Office of National Drug Control Policy cited in their strategy report that nearly 1 in 4 high school seniors used marijuana on a past-month basis in 1996.  The age for which children start using drugs is declining. While the number of teenagers using marijuana increased 37 percent from 1994 to 1995, the age of first use declined from 17.8 years of age in 1987 to 16.3 years of age in 1994. There was also a drop in age for first use of cocaine from 23.3 years to 19 years old. Drug use is starting at an early age.  Drug abuse costs this country approximately $67 billion a year in social, health and criminal costs. But the 14,000 drug-related deaths each year cannot be calculated in costs. The destruction of lives of the drug users, their families, friends, and neighbors is inevitable.  The need to correct the trend is imperative and it is communities that can do it. Community coalitions are essential for an effective prevention program. It is the community groups that see the problem first hand and know what is needed in that area to stop children from using drugs.  This bill will provide the incentive for community action groups to work together for the sole purpose of drug prevention. Groups representing youths, parents, businesses, schools, law enforcement, religious organizations, health professionals, as well as government agencies will be expected to prepare a strategy and implement it--together. But the community must be organized first, prior to receiving grant funds, in order for the coalition to prove a long-term commitment.  The grants will be distributed to organized community coalitions that have matching funds and those funds cannot be derived from the Federal Government. This requirement ensures that the coalition has support and can be sustained after the grant sunsets. This will not be another Federal program, but rather a means to support organized coalitions that devise and implement a comprehensive antidrug campaign while they get off the ground.  Several groups in my State have already endorsed this proposal including the Syracuse Police Department, the mayor of Syracuse and agencies in Onondaga County. Respected national organizations that deal with drug and alcohol abuse have also endorsed the proposal including DARE, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, Partnership for a Drug-Free America, and Empower America, among others.  This is a comprehensive strategy to a problem that is best dealt with at the local level. I urge my colleagues to closely review the merits of this bill and support its passage. Our communities need it.  