Speaker, this was an easy bill for me to introduce, and it was cosponsored by every single member, Republican and Democrat, of the Michigan delegation.  Carl Pursell served in this House from 1977 to 1993, and the post office we are naming today is in fact very close to Carl's home in Plymouth, Michigan. Carl served in the Army, he was a businessman, he was an elected official, both at the county level as well as a State senator, and he and his wife, Peg, a teacher in Plymouth, have lived in Plymouth virtually all their life.  I got to know Carl as a member of his softball team when I was a staffer on the Hill back in the seventies, and I got to know him quite a bit more when I served at the Office of Management and Budget, as Carl Pursell was a founder of the Gypsy Moths.  The Gypsy Moths, this was a Republican group, certainly a distinct minority, Republicans were, back in the early eighties, but they led the way to forging bipartisan cooperation and agreements with the other side of the aisle and were able to pursue Ronald Reagan's successful agenda that passed here in the 1980's.  Carl Pursell served as ranking member on the Subcommittee on Labor-HHS of the Committee on Appropriations. The chairman of that subcommittee, Mr. Natcher, he and Carl were very committed to education and health research, and helped maneuver those bills through law, and impacted millions and millions of Americans through this House floor.  Carl Pursell deeply cared about the budget deficit. In fact, through his work in the 92 Group and others, he worked on a freeze budget, freezing outlays, no more than inflation, and his budget, in fact, failed in the House by only one vote, as I recall. Had that budget passed back in the eighties, we would have gotten a balanced budget long before today.  In 1992, Michigan lost two Congressional seats because of redistricting. Sadly, Carl Pursell's was one of those. Yes, he could have run in another part of his old district, but he would have had to move from his residence and his community of Plymouth, Michigan, and he decided that he would stay.  Always a competitor, Carl Pursell, whether it be on a tennis court or rooting for the Detroit Tigers, thank goodness for the Detroit Red Wings, he now serves on Eastern Michigan's board and coaches kids' soccer in Plymouth, where he was, in fact, earlier this afternoon. Only he and Ebeneezer Pennimon, who served as a Whig in this House from 1851 to 1852, have ever served in the Congress hailing from Plymouth, Michigan.  This Federal facility is deserving of his fine name through his excellent public service, and I would urge all of my colleagues to respect Carl Pursell and to vote ``yes'' on this bill later this afternoon.  Mr. McHUGH. Mr. Speaker, I yield three minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Camp).  (