Speaker, I rise to express my strong support for the Patient Protection Act. Before I review the reasons that I support this legislation and will work hard for its enactment, I want to take this opportunity to single out two of my colleagues without whom this bill which will do so much to ensure quality of care would not be before us today. First, I want to thank Charlie Norwood, who saw early-on the need for strong patient protections. He introduced the Patient Access to Responsible Care Act and used this legislation as a vehicle to educate all of us to the need for reforms. Second, I want to express my deep regard for the leadership, patience, and effort that Denny Hastert has shown in the development of the Patient Protection Act, the legislation we are considering today. He had a Herculean task, and he did it with skill and grace.  I am proud to be counted as a cosponsor of the Patient Protection Act. This legislation will ensure that our nation's health care system is patient-centered, no profit-centered and that no one, no insurance clerk or green eyeshade worrying about a fat profit, stands between the patient and the physician when potentially life and death health care decisions are being made.  There are some who continue to argue that patient protection legislation is not needed--that the market will work over time to ensure patients have access to care when they need it and receive high quality care. That has not been my experience at all. Rarely a day goes by that I don't hear or read in my constituent mail of serious problems that individuals or their families are having with their managed care plans. Just yesterday, for example, I received a report of a Michigan woman who was experiencing severe pain from an ovarian cyst. She went to the nearest hospital, but her managed care plan would not cover her care at that facility. Instead, a plan clerk directed her to another, more distant facility. Unfortunately, that facility was affected by a massive power outage in the Detroit area and could not see her promptly. She requested permission to return to the first hospital, but was denied. By the time she was finally treated, she had a massive internal infection from the ruptured cyst. Her doctor said she was lucky to be alive.  We need to stop this rising drum-beat of stories of patients being denied appropriate care by their health plans, and the Patient Protection Act will do this. Had the Patient Protection Act been in place, for example, this woman could have sought and received care at the nearest emergency room rather than having to seek prior authorization and go to another, more distant facility.  Perhaps the single most important patient protection in this legislation is the right it will give patients to a timely review of plan determinations with which they disagree. Patients may seek an internal and then an independent external review, both of which must be conducted by physicians who are trained in the provision of the treatment under review. The patient may then go to court to enforce the ruling of the external review organization that a service should be provided or covered. If the court upholds the finding of the independent expert external reviewer, which is highly likely, the plan is subject to fines of $500 per day up to a total of $250,000.  I think the internal/external review appeal process in this legislation is actually more likely to hold plans' feet to the fire for their decisions and ensure appropriate access to care than would be the case if patients could simply go to court and sue their plans or employers. While the penalties leveled in state torts might be greater in some cases, such cases can drag on for years and the outcome is never certain for individuals. And the uncertain, uncapped liability exposure to which employers could be subject under the state court suit option could lead to employers terminating plans and add significantly to the number of individuals and families with no health care coverage.  In closing, I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in voting today for the Patient Protection Act. It ensures that our Nation's health care system is patient-centered, not profit-centered. It ensures that medical decisions are made by patients and their physicians with the well-being of the patient being the first consideration.  