I just want to say I was very pleased to have joined this bipartisan effort, certainly not only as a Republican but more as an American, to actually have walked in the footsteps and to see some of those struggles. For me growing up in Michigan, never having really been to the South, never certainly been to Alabama until this weekend, two weeks ago, it was an amazing, extraordinary adventure for me. As I think about my district, diverse in so many needs and issues, whether rural and urban, industrialwise, in agriculture and diverse too in ethnicity, this was a very important trip for me, not only to understand some of the divisions that existed not only in the North but to see the real footsteps that the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis) led in the South.  As the gentleman from New York (Mr. Houghton) indicated before,though there were many of us that were sad that we were not with him back in the 1960s, for me I had an excuse as I might have been 7 years old, we want to finish this trail with the gentleman from Georgia. As we traveled this way and spent substantial time not only on the bus talking about the trials and tribulations that he went through, but I know that for sure the dozen of us that were there are indeed much closer as Americans and as Members of this House in respecting those convictions that all of us have for each other and our views and our districts that each of us represents. As the gentleman from New York (Mr. Houghton) indicated, it was a religious experience. One cannot describe it, certainly in the hour that we have here tonight, but in discussions certainly the Faith in Politics Institute began several months ago, as we see these unfold in the future. We love him. We love all that he did for America and for this House in terms of his leadership then and now. We certainly look forward to walking this path with him, with all Americans, as we try and end hatred and racism and things that sadly exist in far too many homes across this country.  