He made a very good point that the most popular thing that Americans watch and enjoy is probably NFL football or college football.  They do not focus on the missed pass patterns, the overthrown passes, the blocks that go awry. They look at the TDs, a Desmond Howard running back, a punt return, a Charles Woodson making a great defensive play in the end zone, a Brian Griese getting that touchdown pass in the Rose Bowl.  Sadly, our political system, indeed, focuses on the bad, the opposite, the negatives. So-and-so is against the elderly. They are a big spender. They are for higher taxes. They are for pornography, even kiddie porn. That is what we have come down to with these negatives.  And, sadly, those negatives are led not by the candidates. The candidates are not responsible for that kind of junk, but, instead, the independent interest groups that have taken over the system.  They have discovered a gigantic loophole. They have discovered that they can pour unlimited amounts of money into a campaign, hundreds of thousands, maybe even a million dollars. It is not reported, it is not disclosed, and, in fact, they have no direct responsibility.  Well, that buying of this House has got to end. It is time to return this House to the people's House.  I can remember not too long Speaker Foley did not really allow an open rule on campaign finance reform. A gentleman here by the name of Mike Synar, myself, and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Bob Livingston) worked together on a bipartisan campaign plan, and it was a good one, and we were turned down by the Committee on Rules on a vote by just a handful of votes, 220 to 213.  I applaud our bill leadership, and I applaud the gentleman from California (Mr. Bill Thomas) for working to construct the bipartisan vote that we had last night that is an open rule so that Members from every stripe in this Chamber can debate the issues for perhaps a couple of weeks based on the amendments that were filed, and we can sort this thing out and we can end some of these abuses and return this House to the people's House.  Madam Chairman, we need reform. The country wants reform. We want reform. Together, we can do it. Let us look at these issues. Let us look at all of the amendments and the substitutes. And, at the end of the day, let us not fall short and reject what comes out. Let us pass something and get it back to the Senate.  