Speaker, I rise this afternoon in strong support of H.R. 2202, the National Bone Marrow Registry Reauthorization Act of 1998.  I want to also commend my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) for introducing and working hard and diligently for the consideration of this legislation, and my subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis) and his ranking member, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown), for the smooth passage through the committee process.  Mr. Speaker, this program is a vital one. This holds out promise for nearly the approximately 12,000 people each year who are diagnosed with diseases for which bone marrow transplantation may offer the possibility of a cure.  The National Bone Marrow Donor Registry established by this program provides for a central registry of bone marrow donors, linking a network of 100 donor centers, 111 transplant centers, and 11 recruitment groups across the country.  The registry is also a research organization, studying the effectiveness of unrelated marrow transplants. This program has been effective in increasing the availability of unrelated bone marrow transplants, which have grown in number from 200 in 1989 to almost 1,300 in 1997 last year.  In my State of Michigan our donor centers have, as of March of this year, registered over 92,000 donors and facilitated some 291 transplants. However, estimates suggest that those who could benefit from bone marrow transplants far outnumber the actual recipients by a 2- or 3-to-1 margin. All of us have individuals in our districts hoping desperately that they will be successfully matched with a volunteer donor. For too many, that hope will not be realized.  Mr. Speaker, this is particularly true for minority individuals, who are underrepresented in the donor registry. This legislation that we are considering this afternoon strengthens the program's focus on minority recruitment.  I encourage all of us here to register as a volunteer donor. I did, because of my relationship with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young). The process is very simple. You have to go to a donor center and give a blood sample. That is all it is. You can literally give the gift of life to another individual through this simple act.  