Speaker, I thank the House for their swift consideration of H.R. 5944. This important, bipartisan piece of legislation helps our National Guard and Air Force continue to evolve into the 21st Century as Remote Piloted Aircraft--or RPA's--become a modern tool in our efforts to defend our nation.  RPA's provide key intelligence, reconnaissance, close air combat support, and have become one of the most reliable tools in our toolbox as we fight terrorism abroad. Years ago, we could not have envisioned the advances in technology that now allow our soldiers and pilots to fly missions from a control center thousands of miles from the battlefield. Yet our laws are unfortunately woefully outdated when it comes to the infrastructure that supports RPA's. Now is the time to update those laws and now is the time to update this critical infrastructure.  This bill allows our National Guard and Air Force stations on civilian airfields that operate and participate in RPA missions to remain eligible for nominal leases. Doing so will save our military millions of dollars that can be spent elsewhere--on soldiers and equipment.  Without this fix to federal law, estimates show that the National Guard would be forced to spend over $155 million each year just to keep their leases for bases they are on now. That would be an additional $155 million on top of the current costs. If faced with this enormous cost, bases would be forced to shutter their operations permanently and missions would be eliminated entirely.  This legislation not only saves dollars, it saves our current defense structure that helps protect our country, which in turn saves lives.  Nothing in this legislation creates a mandate for our airports or the military, rather it allows leases and current agreements to be renewed. Future agreements can be fairly negotiated without the risk of airfields losing FAA grant eligibility or the Guard losing their entire budget to lease payments.  I have many constituents that work at the Battle Creek Air National Guard Based in Michigan, which is just one of the many dual-use airfields that will immediately benefit fromour legislation. Those servicemen and women support missions from cyberspace, on the ground, and in the air with our MQ-9 RPA mission that contribute to combat terror efforts overseas as we speak.  We cannot risk disturbing these critical missions by moving or eliminating the capability the Guard and Air Force provide simply because of outdated laws that could not have foreseen the technology we would be using to effectively carry out missions. Every Guard and Air Force base on a civilian airfield will have the certainty to continue their operations without the fear of losing the lease structure currently in operation. With our bill, airfields will have the certainty knowing they are still eligible for FAA grants and together, the Guard and the FAA can develop better agreements for the future of airfields across the nation.  H.R. 5944 prevents a disruption of our missions, saves taxpayer dollars, and allows our Guard to modernize for the 2lst century and beyond.  I would like to sincerely thank the House Transportation and Infrastructure, Chairman Shuster and Subcommittee Chairman LoBiondo, both majority and minority staff, Nick Bush on my staff, as well as the Federal Aviation Administration for working together on this bipartisan solution for our airfields across the country.  Providing for the national defense and supporting our troops around the country is one of Congress' foremost priorities and H.R. 5944 ensures that our military will continue to be the greatest in the world.  