Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, there is not a single person in this Chamber or watching at home today who has not been touched by disease in some way. We have all said too many early good-byes to folks that we hold dear--families robbed of a parent who will never get to see their child's milestones, a child born without the gift of a future.  Every day, countless folks living vibrant lives are delivered unexpected diagnoses. It is a cycle that repeats itself over and over in every community. Life changes in an instant, and hope seems out of reach, whether it be Alzheimer's, lupus, MS, cancer, you name it.  No matter where you are from, one thing that binds us all together is that we all want more time with our loved ones. That is why we are here today, because the clock is ticking for patients and their families.  So, Mr. Speaker, this brings us to the 21st Century Cures Act. This bipartisan bill will ensure that our health system can keep pace with the incredible advances in science and technology. In Cures, we have got a medical innovation game-changer that will deliver hope to patients across the country.  We have been here before. In July of 2015, after a series of roundtables, hearings, white papers, and public feedback, the House overwhelmingly voted in support of 21st Century Cures.  Sure, we have encountered a number of detours and obstacles along the path to Cures, but we have taken great inspiration in those patients who have partnered in this effort to persevere, stay positive, and continue forward to get the job done, just like my two little Michigan girls, Brooke and Brielle, who are battling SMA, do every day. Each day, they muster incredible strength and courage, conquering challenges that most folks will never encounter in a lifetime.  So 3 years ago, we had an idea that, yes, we could do better. We needed to do something to transform our health research system to effectively fight disease in this century. Finding cures and boosting research and innovation was absent from any policy to-do list. People didn't seem to care that the gap between biomedical innovation and our regulatory process was widening, or that of the 10,000 known diseases--7,000 of which are rare--there are treatments for only about 500. We needed to change the conversation and restore urgency. And working together, we have.  First, we listened to more than just Brooke and Brielle, but to Barb, Becky, Lisa, Geno, the Dons, the Betsys, little Max, and our own little Steve LaTourette who always sat in the corner. Virtually everyone here had a story to tell and for folks here to listen to.  Science and biomedical innovation have made incredible strides over the last two decades: mapping the human genome, new biomarkers, and personal healthcare apps. Each have offered new opportunities to find new treatment and cures. But the way the FDA and the NIH apply these new innovations to our regulatory process, in fact, has lagged behind.  