Speaker, we have a bill to restore America's healthcare freedom--yes, we do--one that will finally get to the President's desk.  This legislation seeks to protect folks in Michigan and all across the country from the rising costs, fewer choices, lost coverage, and countless broken promises that have defined the President's healthcare law.  Importantly, it would also give Congress time to enact better solutions focused on growing patient choice and improving patient care, lowering costs, providing States like Michigan greater flexibility, and promoting bottom-up 21st-century healthcare innovations.  The current healthcare law relies on outdated programs of the past and forces a one-size-fits-all approach on our States that is unresponsive to patient needs. Folks in Michigan deserve better. The American people deserve better. And you know what? We can do better.  I helped coauthor one commonsense plan to replace the health law. It is the Patient CARE Act. It is a pragmaticsolution--in fact, the only bicameral proposal that has been offered--that repeals the law and replaces it with patient-focused reforms that reduce healthcare costs and increase access to affordable, high-quality care.  We empower the American people to make the best healthcare choices for themselves and their families. It allows Governors the flexibility to best provide for their citizens, all while driving down costs and improving quality.  Under the proposal, no one can be denied coverage based on a preexisting condition. This proposal has other consumer protections as well. Insurance companies would be prohibited from imposing lifetime limits on a consumer. Dependents up to age 26 would be able to stay on their parents' plan, and guaranteed renewability would ensure that sick patients would be able to renew their coverage.  We also provide a refundable tax credit for the most vulnerable consumers to buy health coverage or healthcare services of their own choosing, not expensive insurance that Washington would force them to buy or face a penalty.  Michiganders covered under Medicaid today would also benefit. The reforms in the Patient CARE Act would make the Medicaid program more sustainable for taxpayers, and better management tools will make the program more efficient, fair, and accountable for everyone who depends on it.  This plan and the countless solutions offered by my Republican colleagues in Congress shines a spotlight on a better vision for health care, one focused on patients, families, doctors, and insurance.  This health law may have been enacted only a few years ago, but its government-centered premise is not a new one. These obsolete ideas have failed people time and time again. The public deserves a fresh, forward-looking approach that embraces 21st-century innovation.  So we have got a solution to restore America's healthcare freedom, to put ObamaCare in the rearview mirror and replace it with better healthcare solutions like the Patient CARE Act. It is time to put patients first. Let them make the choices, not the government.  