Speaker, I rise this morning in support of S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, and I would urge every one of my colleagues to join me in that support.  As everybody knows, families in Flint, Michigan, have not been able to trust the drinking water coming out of their taps for more than 2 years. Bottled water and filters are only temporary solutions. In August, I traveled to Flint with my friend and colleague Dan Kildee from Michigan. We visited health facilities and homes, and we heard firsthand from hundreds of residents. No matter where we went, we heard the same voices. Folks in Flint are tired of the partisan blame game. They really are. They wanted answers and they wanted results, and that is what this bill does.  That is why we worked so hard to have language included in this bipartisan legislation that will authorize funding to help improve the health of the folks in Flint and other communities who have had Federal emergencies declared due to the unsafe levels of lead in their drinking water.  Our package authorizes $100 million in Safe Drinking Water Act capitalization grants to States responding to a Presidentially declared disaster for health threats associated with the presence of lead or other drinking water contaminants in a public water system.  This bipartisan package also expresses that $20 million should be approved under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act for eligible projects. It authorizes $20 million for the creation of a lead registry and advisory committee at the Department of HHS and authorizes an additional $15 million appropriation for the Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act at CDC. It authorizes $15 million for the Healthy Start Initiative at the Department of HHS. It also authorizes 30 new Army Corps of Engineers projects across the country, including critical harbor maintenance provisions that are vitally important in the Great Lakes.  This fully offset package will not only serve as the basis for responding to decaying lead service lines across the country, but also responds to the tragic toll that has been taken on the minds and bodies of Flint's youngest victims and similar communities due to repeated exposures to elevated concentrations of lead in drinking water.  Simply put, Flint needs action. This bipartisan legislation delivers that. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''  