Speaker, I would like to wish the chairman a happy birthday.  It has been nearly a decade since we last considered an energy package like this. In that time, a lot has changed. Continued innovation and discovery across the energy sector have brought about a new landscape of abundant supply and tremendous potential for economic growth. This has been a multiyear, multi-Congress effort, and a lot of work has gone in to make sure that the bill that we put forward to support the future of American energy is truly comprehensive. Together with our colleagues, I am proud to be moving this legislation one step closer to becoming the new reality for energy producers and consumers across the country.  This bill is about jobs. It is about keeping energy affordable. It is about boosting our energy security here and across the globe. H.R. 8 is the embodiment of an all-of-the-above energy strategy. One of the most important provisions is, in fact, modernizing and protecting critical energy infrastructure, including the electric grid, from new threats, including severe weather from climate, cyber threats, and physical attacks as well.  It helps to foster and promote new 21st century energy jobs by ensuring that the Department of Energy and our labs and universities work together to train the energy workforce and entrepreneurs of tomorrow. It makes energy efficiency, including Federal Government energy efficiency, a priority, and focuses less on creating new mandates and subsidies to incentivize behavior and more on market changes and using the government as an example.  Finally, it helps update existing laws that bring some added certainty to permitting processes and helps to promote using our abundant resources to aid in diplomacy. For example, by streamlining the approval process for projects such as the interstate natural gas pipelines and LNG export facilities, the legislation will allow businesses at the cutting edge of research to keep putting the full scope of energy abundance to work for consumers both here and abroad. This allows us to provide an energy lifeline to our allies across the globe.  Provisions within H.R. 8 and others that have been included in the amendment under consideration today also seek to capitalize on energy sources that the administration has rejected. H.R. 8 brings much-needed reforms to the hydropower licensing process as well, a clean energy source that, together with nuclear, provides some 25 percent of the United States' electricity, with no greenhouse gas emissions. It is imperative that hydropower remains a vital part of any future.  The all-of-the-above energy strategy also means that the future of American energy does not need to be a series of choices between the environment and the economy. By introducing 21st century regulatory reforms that reflect our energy abundance, and with the DOE's Quadrennial Energy Review as a guide, this bill will help bring about needed reforms and continued innovation across the energy sector.  The legislation before us today is the product of a thorough assessment of the gap that we face between our stale energy regulations and our budding energy supply. H.R. 8 closes the gap. I urge my colleagues to support it.  