Speaker, we have built a proud, bipartisan record of success, and this legislation will help our nation's small businesses which are the lifeblood of Michigan's economy, and the American economy as a whole. A quick look at the stats reveals small businesses represent 99.7 percent of all employers in the United States, and they are true job creators, consistently accounting for 60 to 80 percent of net new jobs in each of the past ten years.  Small Internet providers in particular serve a unique role in connecting consumers across the country. They provide service to rural constituents, to other small businesses, and to areas of the country that otherwise would lack any alternative. They often do so with very few resources, relying on a smaller number of employees to do a great deal of work. The bill that we will vote on today makes sure that they can continue to do so without being hampered by regulatory burdens and red tape.  The Small Business Broadband Deployment Act builds on the temporary steps taken by the Federal Communications Commission to exempt small providers from the enhanced transparency requirements adopted as part of the 2015 Open Internet Order. At the time, the Commission recognized that there could be a significant impact on smaller businesses, and rightfully exempted them from the requirements. However, the FCC's grant of a series of temporary exemptions does not give these businesses the certainty they need to make informed investment decisions.  H.R. 4596 is a bipartisan solution to this problem. By extending the exemption for five years, and raising the threshold for the definition at a small business, this legislation will protect small businesses and ultimately benefit consumers. Keeping these entrepreneurs focused on laying fiber, building towers, and improving service means a better Internet experience for their customers, and more jobs. This is what they set out to accomplish when they started their businesses--serving their communities, not spending hours or days complying with a maze of regulations and piles of paperwork.  Our committee spent a great deal of time considering this problem. In addition, the robust record at the FCC in support of the exemption confirmed our view that this extension was necessary. We heard directly from witnesses like the president of a small fixed wireless provider, a former FCC commissioner, and a public interest representative. Their input both on how important this bill is, and on how to improve our early draft bill, helped us to come to the final version we are considering today.  Subcommittee Chairman Walden and Representative Loebsack worked in a bipartisan way to come to a consensus on legislation that achieves all of our goals. The final product is a bill that we can all be proud to support, and I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense solution.  