Speaker, today marks an important milestone in the multiyear, multi-Congress effort to deliver meaningful reforms to the Nation's mental health system.  Last month, the Energy and Commerce Committee passed this bill 53-0 in committee. It has been bipartisan. We know that this is an issue that impacts every community and so many families in one way or another. We continue to hear tales of great loss where intervention was lacking or nonexistent. So we got to work. We spent hundreds and hundreds of hours--I am not kidding--in staff work and work by Members.  For way too long, mental health was a subject that was left in the shadows. Thankfully, that is no longer the case. Today we have developed a thoughtful solution. Throughout the process, we have achieved many important reforms. Today we build upon that momentum.  Our current system of siloed grants, prevention, and treatment simply doesn't work the way it should. This bill changes that with real reforms to provide SAMHSA new tools, under the leadership of a new Assistant Secretary, and we have done it the way that we should.  This bipartisan bill will save lives, aid families, and provide comfort and relief to those who are struggling.  Mr. Speaker, today marks an important milestone in the multi-year, multi-Congress effort to deliver meaningful reforms to the nation's mental health system. Last month, theEnergy and Commerce Committee unanimously approved H.R. 2646 by a vote of 53 to zero to help families in mental health crisis.  This is an issue that impacts every community, and so many families, in one way or another. We continue to hear tales of great loss where intervention was lacking or nonexistent.  But you know what? Congressman Tim Murphy got to work. For way too long, mental health was a subject left for the shadows. Thankfully, that's no longer the case. Today, we have developed a thoughtful legislative solution. Throughout this process, we have achieved important reforms and today we build upon that momentum.  Our current system of siloed grants, prevention, and treatment simply does not work as well as it should. The ``Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act'' includes new reforms to make sure the federal government is leveraging their dollars with investments in evidence-based programs. The bill includes reforms to provide SAMHSA new tools, under the leadership of an Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, to do its job better.  Thoughtful legislating takes time and dedication. This Congress we have seen multi-year landmark committee efforts finally make it across the finish line in SGR reform, pipeline safety and chemical safety reforms, which were both signed into law late last month. 21st Century Cures has taken years, and we continue to make progress. And I am hopeful these mental health reforms that we have long pursued are on the same path to being signed into law, building upon our proud bipartisan record of success.  This bipartisan bill will save lives, aid families, and provide comfort and relief to those struggling. This strong bill is something that both Republicans and Democrats can be proud of. I thank Dr. Murphy, Health Subcommittee Chairman Pitts, full committee Ranking Member Frank Pallone and the staff, who worked hundreds of hours to bring us to where we are today.  This bill will truly make a real difference and deliver meaningful reforms to families in mental health crisis all across America.  