Chairman, I rise today in strong support of this bill H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act.  Simply put, this is a bipartisan bill that would impose common sense where it is sorely needed: the final food labeling rule issued by this administration.  We have a classic example of the administration overreaching with a top-down, big government approach. Its impact is wide ranging and will negatively impact your pizza places, convenience stores, grocery stores, amusement parks, movie theaters, and ice cream stores, you name it.  The administration's own estimates state that this regulation could cost American businesses as much as $1 billion to comply and 500,000 hours of paperwork, all on small businesses. That is a huge chunk of time and money that would be better spent hiring more folks who are creating improved experiences for customers.  Michigan's own Domino's pizza illustrates just how this rule simply doesn't work. They have literally hundreds and hundreds of different potential order combinations: large pizzas, small ones, medium, thick, thin, and crispy.  Right now they have an online calculator that, in fact, will determine nutritional information so that, when you order from your computer or your app, you can see the precise nutrition information on that pizza.  When 91 percent of orders are placed online, it doesn't make much sense for Domino's to have an in-store menu board that won't provide precise nutrition information for customers on literally hundreds of different choices. Yet, that is what the final food labeling rule would require.  We live in an innovative world, with businesses like Seamless and Uber Eats that bring all kinds of food with the click of a button to consumers' doorsteps. The menu board won't be impactful and is not the solution to menu labeling.  The Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act prevents these onerous burdens and puts in place a framework that actually works for consumers and businesses.  The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.  