Chairman, every 12 minutes someone in the U.S. dies of a drug overdose. Abuse of prescription painkillers and heroin has impacted every single community. It is an epidemic. It doesn't have boundaries and doesn't discriminate.  We have lost a lot of good kids and a lot of good people in my State and every State. As I travel back and forth to Michigan virtually every week, I meet a family member who has lost somebody with this very tragic story.  This last week it was a mother and a wife of a fellow who had committed suicide in Mattawan, Michigan. It breaks your heart.  Yes, we know the numbers. They are staggering. The CDC reports that nearly 260 million opioid prescriptions were written in 2012. That is one for every single U.S. adult, as my friend Mr. Pallone said, with another 20 million to spare.  A recent study from the Kaiser Family Foundation found that one in five Americans say they have a family member who has been addicted to prescription painkillers.  The epidemic is unique to the U.S., as Americans consume 80 percent of the world's opioid prescriptions. It is not unique. It is a frightening reality, but we have to face the epidemic head-on. That is why today is an important step.  In the Energy and Commerce Committee, we have held a number of hearings over the last year with testimony from so many experts on the front lines. What we learned is eye-opening.  Federal policies toward opioid addiction in the past year have often overemphasized a one-size-fits-all law enforcement approach. It is clear through our listening sessions that it is a public health crisis and that our strategy should reflect the complex dynamic between public health and criminal activity. We know that we cannot simply incarcerate our way out of this epidemic.  The bills that we are considering today touch on a spectrum of issues driving the opioid crisis. While there is no one solution, these bills represent good steps in addressing a problem that has rapidly grown.  I want to thank all of my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee and off for working to adhere in a bipartisan way these important bills that will really make a difference in every one of our communities.  The House leadership deserves recognition on both sides for their swift consideration of these bills. I want to thank, in particular, my good friend,Mr. Pallone, for working with us to get these bills across the finish line, through the committee process, and now on the floor.  Our work is going to continue. We owe this effort to the past, present, and, sadly, future victims of this epidemic: our neighbors, friends, and families across every part of the country, every demographic group. We owe it to the families and we owe it to the communities who are suffering from this addiction.  