Chairman, jobs, the economy, and public health all are very critical priorities for the American people. It is possible, in fact, to pursue policies that simultaneously protect all three of them. Today we have a balanced approach in the Ozone Standards Implementation Act, and it does exactly that.  Addressing ozone levels has been one of the major successes of the 1970 Clean Air Act. Across the country, ozone levels, in fact, have declined dramatically, having declined nearly one-third since 1980. The EPA's 2008 ozone standard would have continued that success by setting out a program to achieve further reductions for many years to come.  But the EPA failed to finalize the implementing regs and guidance for the 2008 rule until just last year, and as a result, States are currently still in the process of implementing the rule. Although EPA had difficulty finalizing the 2008 regs, the Agency had no such problems coming up with a new ozone standard so unworkable for certain areas of the country that even the Agency itself concedes the technologies to fully implement and to comply still don't exist. And now, States are stuck with the impossible task of applying both standards concurrently.  In my district in southwest Michigan, in Allegan County, you could, in fact, remove every piece of human activity--roads, barbecues, jobs, move everybody out--and the region still would be in nonattainment because of the ozone that is generated from Chicago, Milwaukee, and Gary, Indiana. The new standard would result in potentially hundreds of counties across the Midwest--certainly a good number of them in Michigan--that would be designated as nonattainment, resulting in fewer new businesses or expansions of existing ones, and even fewer major construction and other infrastructure projects.  The threat of future nonattainment designation has a chilling effect and encourages employers to move someplace else, even out of the United States to relocate abroad. So it is essentially often a kiss of death for economic growth, and it comes at a time when our fragile economy can least afford it.  This thoughtful solution, this bill, retains the 2008 standard--yes, it does--but it provides additional time for States to comply with the new standard until after the current one has been fully implemented. It is common sense. Under this bill, we will have in place a more streamlined and effective schedule to ensure continued improvements in air quality in the years ahead.  The bill also has a number of sensible provisions to address practical implementation challenges that States face under the National Ambient Air Quality Standards program. It extends the mandatory review process from 5 years to a more workable 10, while allowing the EPA Administrator the discretion to review and revise standards earlier if circumstances warrant. It requires that EPA's implementing regs and guidance come out along with a new standard so that States and affected entities will have the direction that they need to comply.  The good news is, under this bill, ozone levels continue their long-term downward trend, and we can accomplish that goal without jeopardizing jobs.  