Speaker, first, I must join a long line of folks congratulating our friend and chairman of the important Appropriations Committee, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), for great service, assembling a wonderful, hardworking staff, and making sure that, particularly at Christmastime now, we are not going to be looking at shutting down the government.  I rise in support of this CR, the continuing resolution. I want to just inform a couple of my colleagues of some of the very important provisions that are included in this package, including funding to begin some of the work enacting 21st Century Cures and relief for families in Flint, Michigan, and elsewhere around the country.  There is not a single person in this Chamber watching at home today who has not been touched by disease in some way. We have said all too many goodbyes to the people that we hold dear. Every day, countless folks living vibrant lives are delivered unexpected diagnoses. It is a cycle that repeats itself over and over in every community. Life can change in an instant, and hope seems sometimes out of reach. Whether it be Alzheimer's, lupus, MS, cancer, you name the disease--diabetes.  That is why both the House and the Senate overwhelmingly passed the bipartisan 21st Century Cures Act with 392 votes in the House and 94 in the Senate just yesterday. It is set to be signed into law next week, and our effort will help change the conversationon innovation and research. But it is patients that it is going to help the most.  This bill fulfills our commitment to hit the ground running immediately in our effort to deliver cures now, delivering valuable funds in this fiscal year, something that was critical as we worked together on both sides of the aisle in both the House and the Senate to get it done.  The bill also fulfills our commitment to the folks of Flint, Michigan. Again, an issue that we have dealt with. I commend Mr. Kildee, who is on the floor, for working with him in a bipartisan way. The system failed them at every level of government. But that is not what the folks in Flint wanted to hear. They wanted answers. This bill finally delivers that, and it has been a long struggle. And, again, I commend the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee) for his leadership on this. We worked together. This bill provides the effort to right those past wrongs. They want answers and results, and this bill delivers exactly that.  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this bill and send it to the Senate and then to the President.  