Speaker, today I rise in support of seven bipartisan bills originating outof four of our subcommittees that are direct evidence of a very busy and productive session in the Energy and Commerce Committee.  This package includes several measures that protect consumers and set Congress' sights forward to fostering next-generation technological development.  We will consider a measure introduced by Full Committee Vice Chairman Blackburn, to enhance penalties for the use of automated ticket scalping software. For too long, consumers have been gouged, as scalpers have used software to buy large numbers of event tickets--oftentimes preventing consumers from purchasing them at face value and then charging a 1,000 percent markup to resell those same tickets This thoughtful legislation, the BOTS Act, is a targeted measure to prevent this practice and to ensure that consumers have fair access to tickets at reasonable prices.  We will also consider a measure authored by Mr. Lance, along with Mr. Kennedy, to ensure that online consumer reviews are no longer subject to gag orders--a practice ultimately affecting consumers as it hinders transparency and accountability in product reviews. Our legislation, the Consumer Review Fairness Act, does what it says and will help put a stop to this bad practice.  We will also consider a resolution that makes some important findings with respect to the Internet of Things. Back home in Michigan, folks are turning to smart devices to improve their access to health care, education, transportation, and other services that simplify their lives. This resolution sets forth Congress' unified belief that innovation in this space must be allowed to flourish and that the government must also take advantage of technology.  Similarly, we are putting forward a resolution authored by committee members Mr. Kinzinger and Mr. Cardenas that encourages a unified strategy around advanced financial technologies. The FinTech industry has changed how consumers engage in commerce and control their financial information as it lowers cost and increases financial access worldwide. This chamber's support for consumer empowerment through innovation is solidified with this resolution.  On the Health front, today we are also considering Mr. Guthrie's Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act. H.R. 921 would ensure that team doctors, trainers, and other licensed health care professionals are covered by their malpractice insurance when providing care to their athletes outside of their primary state.  We will also vote on Mr. Kinzinger's H.R. 1301, which originated out of the Communications and Technology subcommittee, and will ensure amateur radio operators are not prohibited from pursuing their passion simply because they live in a deed-restricted community. Amateur radio plays an important role in emergency response, often able to establish communication in disaster areas when traditional communications networks fail. I urge my colleagues to support this common-sense bill.  Last, but certainly not least, we will consider a measure from Rep. Bob Latta to help provide certainty for innovators and entrepreneurs who are seeking to develop and license the next generation of nuclear technologies. These technologies may provide breakthroughs in safety and efficiency over the technology in use today. We should ensure that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has the expertise and resources to review and license the latest in advanced reactor technologies and this bill would do just that.  Individually, each of these bills are important but taken together they are evidence of the fine, bipartisan lawmaking that has come to define this committee, and further evidence of our ongoing bipartisan record of success.  