Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. First, let us understand it is being offered primarily for window dressing for the President of the United States because this was objected to by the environmental community saying this was an awful rip-off to the taxpayers. Let us just think for a moment what this does.  This amendment would halt all of President Clinton option 9 sales relief by the rescission law. Now keep this in mind: Even President Clinton sales would be halted. This is what he signed off in the Northwest. He agreed to this. I believe the author of the amendment agreed to it. It would halt all salvage sales and force expensive, time-consuming reprocessing of dead tree sales.  This means sales that should have happened, that timber will rot and burn, rot and burn, and some would say this is natural. Well, I just want to ask my colleagues how many of them have ever gone to a forest fire or fought a forest fire. Alaska has just gone through two big ones, primarily because most of the timber burned that should have been harvested because it was dead. And that is going to happen all over the United States of America wherever there is national forest.  The forest health is in jeopardy because we have a philosophy today that trees will live forever. The idea that 350-year-old ponderosa pine would be healthy is ridiculous. If we cut that tree down, we find it is rotten at least 85 feet into the tree, at least 3 feet across. It is a dying, dead tree. But there will be a new tree if that tree is to be removed in a sound, environmental way. If we let it burn, it will not. Let it burn twice, which it can, there will be no growth for a period of years. In fact there will be about 40 to 50 percent, if this amendment is adopted, of what remaining sales we have left in national forests will be lost.  On top of that, this probably will be litigated, costing the taxpayer money and actually eliminating what chance these small communities have to survive.  Now, we heard a lot about the gentleman from California [Mr. Riggs] yesterday and his small farmers, his small ranchers because of the murelette. Small mills in the northwest, mills that have been harvesting these timber trees, these salvage trees, will be stopped dead in their tracks. No timber means more mills will be closed in Washington, Oregon, and California.  Jobs. American people will be put out of work. Already now, and think about this, 239 mills employing thousands of Americans have been closed in Washington, Oregon, and California since 1989, a period of 7 years. We have lost an industry. We are importing our fiber today. We have lost an industry, and the jobs are important to this Nation.  But more than that, the taxpayer will pay. We talked yesterday about subsidized roads. We talked the other day about subsidized timber harvesting. We talked about the taxpayer paying. Well, think about it a moment. Already we put thousands, approximately over 100,000, jobs, related taxpaying jobs, out of business because of actions of this Congress, this administration, and those interest groups that decide logging is not part of our society. A renewable resource is no longer to be utilized as it is used around the world. It will also expose this government to millions of dollars in contract breach claims for timber harvested during the last 3 months of the period during the salvage law in effect.  This salvage law will expire December 1996. That is only 6 months away. All we are asking in reality is to implement the act as it was placed in the last session, let it be fulfilled, review it as that time, and if we can show that the salvage act itself has provided jobs, it has increased the health of the forests, we can then address it. But now to politically offer an amendment to make the President look well and good in the environmental community I think is uncalled for.  What has happened with the concept of sound scientific information about the timber? And I have talked to the forest industry scientists and will tell my colleagues today that right now the private timberland, not the Federal timberland, one-third of the land mass is producing two-thirds of our fiber today because it is managed appropriately. The national forest is not being managed. We are allowing that forest to decay, to rot, to fall and, in fact, to burn, and that is not called for.  