Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House today will consider S. 1899. This bill honors the dedicated service of the late Mollie Beattie, former Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. This bill designates an 8-million-acre wilderness area in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as the Mollie Beattie Wilderness Area. That is in my State, it is an area that is just above my home.  I feel fortunate to have been one of the few people who had the opportunity to work with Mollie on both a personal and professional basis. While she left this world much too soon, she truly achieved a lifetime worth of accomplishments.  Her dedication to upgrading the Fish and Wildlife Service resulted in a much more efficient and responsible agency. Her rational approach to her job led to many bipartisan accomplishments. She was able to bring all sides of an issue to the table in order to reach commonsense agreements. Because of this, she was respected by all of those who knew and worked with her.  While Mollie and I often differed on legislative issues, we were able to work closely together because she was a person of the utmost integrity and professionalism. I respected the fact that when she took a position on an issue it was because she truly believed it was the right thing to do. She was a straight shooter who earned the respect of all of us in Congress.  Mollie was the one person directly responsible for upgrading the Fish and Wildlife Service. She instilled a public service attitude among her employees and brought a more compassionate approach to her agency because she personally believed that the needs of people were important in the administration of Federal regulations.  Mollie is also to be commended for the positive approach she brought to Government. She was the least adversarial and least confrontational Director I have ever worked with during my 24 years in Congress. Because of this, she was able to accomplish a lot of bipartisan goals when others would have failed.  I believe her legacy will be one of the most unwavering commitments to preserve and protect the animals, birds, and fish of our Nation. Her compassionate devotion to this cause will not be forgotten.  Mr. Speaker, may I suggest one thing? She did go to Alaska, she visited Alaska, worked with Alaskans. She did know the area which I am speaking of.  It is difficult for me to have this area, but no better person could be nominated to have the name the Mollie Beattie Wilderness Area in the Arctic Wildlife Range. I am very acquainted with the area. I myself have traveled the area, trapped the area, hunted the area, mined in the area, worked in the area, and she did know the beauty and grandeur of the area, so at this time I am very pleased to say that this is a good piece of legislation.  