Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I usually agree with my esteemed colleague from Massachusetts on fishery issues. He and I have worked together for 24 years and rarely do we disagree on the issues of fisheries. I must oppose his amendment, though, because the Gilchrest bill implements the Panama Declaration, as discussed in general debate, which locks into place binding conservation management measures for dolphin and other marine life.  This bill is supported, as has been said before, by five environmental organizations, the American Tunaboat Owners, the National Fisheries Institute, the Seafarers' International Union, the California Federation of Labor, the United Industrial Workers, the American Sportfishing Association, and the Clinton administration, although that gives me some reservation.  Mr. Chairman, H.R. 2823 recognizes the international voluntary compliance with the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission's dolphin conservation program, which has been in place for the past 4 years. This bill incorporates provisions into U.S. law to continue the international cooperation and compliance.  Over the last couple of months, Mr. Gilchrest has worked to address the concerns of the opponents to H.R. 2823. However, the definition of dolphin-safe has kept the two sides from reaching an agreement.  The amendment being offered by Mr. Studds was offered at subcommittee markup by Congressman Farr and was defeated. The Studds-Miller amendment will keep the current dolphin-safe definition which will continue to outlaw the use of fishing practices with the lowest bycatch, despite technological breakthroughs which have reduced dolphin mortality by 97 percent.  The proponents of this amendment will tell you that by keeping the current dolphin-safe definition, it will protect dolphins. However, the Studds-Miller amendment will not end the encirclement of dolphins by foreign fishermen in the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean. Since the adoption of the embargo in 1992, the number of dolphin sets has not decreased. Approximately 50 percent of sets by foreign fleets are on dolphin schools despite the embargo. The Studds-Miller amendment also promotes fishing practices which have a high bycatch of juvenile tuna, billfish, sea turtles and sharks.  Mr. Chairman, H.R. 2823 promotes conservation and management measures based on science. It does not promote the protection of one species over the needs of other marine species. This legislation protects dolphins and other marine life.  The Studds-Miller amendment, on the other hand, will jeopardize the progress made in reducing dolphin mortalities in the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean and do nothing to protect other marine life. Finally, the amendment will negate all of the international cooperation and compliance envisioned in the Panama Declaration.  Therefore, I ask my colleagues to vote against the Studds-Miller amendment. I think it will actually cut this bill.  