Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this Istook amendment.  Since I have been chairman of the Committee on Resources, not a single Member of Congress has introduced a single bill on this subject. What is more, I cannot remember a single bill that has ever been introduced on this subject in the years I have served in the body. That is 24 years.  Since I have been chairman, we have never had a single hearing on this subject. No witnesses have offered any testimony on this subject. No Indian tribe has been given the opportunity to testify. No State has been given the opportunity to testify. In fact, Indian law experts, and I know a lot of them, have raised constitutional questions about this amendment, yet none of them had an opportunity to testify. This is not the way to do legislation.  In short, the Members of this House are being asked to vote on an extremely important change in Federal policy without any advice from anybody. The change in Federal policy is just about as big as you can get. We are talking about granting a taxation jurisdiction over dependent sovereign nations to the States and even to counties. That is something this Congress, we argued this a few weeks ago in the adoption process, this is a congressional responsiblity. We have never done this in 250 years.  Indian tribes are now and always have been a creation of this Nation, dependent sovereign nations. May I suggest, our Founding Fathers recognized these tribes as separate and distinct nations. They entered into treaties with them pursuant to that recognition and created our Constitution so as to continue that recognition throughout the life of our Nation.  States have never specifically been granted taxing jurisdiction over Indian tribes. For Congress to take this gigantic step would be a significant and extreme change in the government-to-government relationship which currently exists, through treaties, in many instances, between the Federal Government and each federally recognized Indian tribe.  The surprise enactment of the Istook language, as far as I am concerned, is a direct violation of this Nation's trust responsibility, I want to stress that, constitutional responsibility to the Indian tribes of this Nation.  It is a violation of the right of self-government of these tribes. Most Indian tribes exist because of treaties entered into between the United States Government and each tribe. These treaties guarantee the rights of the tribes of self-government which, according to numerous judicial decisions rendered over the years, includes the right of each tribe to regulate and tax or not tax commercial activity on Indian lands. The Istook language represents a major change in this longstanding Federal position.  Very frankly, Mr. Chairman, I believe that we ought to uphold our obligation, our commitment. Let us not have any more broken promises. No more trail of tears. No more going back on our word. No more use of the forked tongue.  