Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2909, the Silvio O. Conte National Fish and Wildlife Refuge Eminent Domain Prevention Act, prevents the Fish and Wildlife Service from purchasing land for inclusion in the Conte Refuge without the consent of the owner.  I served with Silvio Conte for nearly 20 years, and I know that he cared deeply about the protection of migratory bird habitat and the creation of this refuge. This bill will further both of those goals by increasing public support for this refuge.  Local residents want to see important habitat protected, but some fear the Federal Government's sometimes heavy-handed land acquisition policies. This bill allows the Service to preserve important habitat, but also protects property owners from overzealous bureaucrats. The protections in this bill will enhance the public's support of the refuge since surrounding property owners will know that their property cannot be taken without their consent.  H.R. 2909 would allow condemnations for the purposes of settling title issues and determining price as long as the property owner consents to such actions. There is precedent for this bill. In 1988, Congress enacted a law, Public Law 98-548, which established a Federal wildlife refuge in Louisiana and stipulated that the Fish and Wildlife Service could only obtain lands for inclusion in this refuge from willing sellers.  Furthermore, in the testimony of the Department of the Interior on H.R. 2909, the administration witness stated that ``since 1989, the Fish and Wildlife Service has not used condemnation without the consent of the owner, and does not intend to use if for this unique refuge''. The testimony went on to say that ``no condemnation is planned for any aspect of this project.'' Putting the force of law behind this policy will clearly enhance public support for this refuge.  This bill is widely supported by environmental and conservation groups in New Hampshire, including the Appalachian Mountain Club, the New Hampshire Farm Bureau, the New Hampshire Timberland Owners Association, and the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests.  I commend Congressman Bass for introducing this measure, and I urge an ``aye'' vote on this important property rights bill.  