Mr. Speaker, we only get figleaves from fruit trees.  Now that we have got in this debate seriously, and I have listened to the people on the other side of the aisle talk about the environment, let us talk about Congressmen that want total central control. Let us talk about Congressmen that want power in mighty Washington's hands. Let us talk about Congressmen who vote for socialized Government. Let us talk about Congressmen that, in reality, do not believe that private property rights, owners have any rights at all. Let us talkabout Congressmen that decide what is the environmental agenda as being touted by the 57 environmental organizations when they are rated 100 percent by the Sierra Club and Friends of the Earth, et cetera.  Let us talk about the Congressmen that do not care about jobs, about people that want to work. Let us talk about Congressmen that believe a kangaroo rat is more important than a man's livelihood or the homes that were burnt down because a person could not farm that land, and after they could not farm the land the rats left because there was nothing to eat.  Let us talk about a Government that does not listen to the people any more and the Congressmen that support that type of Government. Congressmen have believed, in reality, that there is no freedom of individuals that is good for the masses, control from Washington, DC.  And this is what this talk about the environment is all about.  On my side of the aisle, I have said the environment must include man. We cannot exclude man or eventually man will destroy the environment. But on that side of the aisle, we cannot touch anything or that person is against the environment. One cannot build a house, one cannot drill for oil, one cannot take and build a dam. One, in fact, cannot catch a fish, let alone do anything else, because they are destroying the environment. It is part of the zealism of that side of the aisle by certain leaders that believe that man is the enemy and he is not to be included. And that is what the two gentlemen from California and New Jersey are talking about, centralized government power over the individual person.  If I own a piece of property and it is mine, and I have an endangered species there and it is there because I have taken care of it, I can be punished because of these two gentlemen. I should be rewarded because I protect the species.  But under this administration and past administrations, the agencies themselves have come in and told me: ``You are a sinner because you have the species on your property; thus, you no longer can do anything with your property. You, in fact, ought to be punished.''  That is the philosophy of these two gentlemen.  Today the House is considering H.R. 1965, the Coastal Zone Protection Act of 1996. This bill was introduced by Jim Saxton, and he deserves a great deal of credit for his efforts on behalf of this program.  Enacted in 1972, the CZMA encourages States to regulate land and water uses which affect their coastal zones. The program is voluntary, but States receive grant money to develop a plan which, when approved by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA], makes the States eligible for more Federal assistance to help manage their coastal program. In addition, States can review and, in some cases, veto certain Federal activities which affect their coastal zones and which are inconsistent with their approved programs. Twenty-nine States and territories have approved coastal zone programs.  In fact, to use my home State as an example, the Alaska Coastal Management Program coordinates the permitting process between Alaska's 33 coastal districts and local, State and Federal agencies. This coordination assures that localities have the opportunity to have their views on Federal activities fully considered, and reduces the time and cost of permit approvals. The coastal zone program has also funded development of comprehensive wetlands management plans in Juneau and Anchorage. These plans emphasize local decisionmaking and reduce the regulatory burden for low value wetlands.  The bill before us today re-auathorizes the Coastal Zone Management Act through fiscal year 1999. It provides the States with more flexibility in program management, and it sets fiscally responsible authorization levels. I urge you to support this bill.  