Madam Speaker, this amendment is of great seriousness to this body. I hope all of my colleagues pay attention to the words that will be spoken today.  I will be the first one to say that the presentation by Congresswoman Pryce and the presentation by Congressman Solomon is from their hearts, and I will say they are very sincere attempts to undo what I believe is a trust authority of this Congress to the American Indian tribes. I want to stress that. Only the Congress has a right to decide who is an American Indian or what is a tribe, and no other legal entity or judicial body has that authority, and that is our trust responsibility.  What the amendment that has been put in this bill through the rules, which was in fact unanimously with one dissenting vote eliminated in my committee, does is take away that trust responsibility of this Congress to the American Indians. Again, we are breaking a commitment and a promise to the American Indian people. Keep that in mind. We were told, and Members held up their hand and swore to uphold the Constitution, and this is breaking the constitutional law, so keep that in mind.  But more than that, I helped pass ICWA, the Indian Child Welfare Act. In all the years, in 15 years, there have been 40 cases such as Ms. Pryce's and Mr. Solomon's, and I will agree they are atrocious cases. But we have tried and we were working and we will continue to work to solve this problem legislatively.  There is a large tribal meeting in the first of June and we told them, ``You better come up with a solution.'' If they do not, I will write the bill that will take care of these problems. And those lawyers have been very dishonest, and they have caused most of these problems.  We asked Mr. Solomon and Ms. Pryce to wait until the middle of June, until we have found out what would be the results of those meetings. They chose not to do so. I respect that belief on their side, but I say to my colleagues in all sincerity, what we are attempting to do here today is right, it is constitutional, it is correct and it should give us the time.  I am asking this body to do the responsible thing and in fact uphold the Constitution. I am asking my colleagues to think about this for a moment and think about, yes, the 40 cases, yes, I will concede. But think of why this act was put in place to begin with.  We have 40 cases. What about the 50,000 American Indians that were farmed out and adopted out to families outside their tribes, without any consent of the mother or father or the family or grandpas or uncles or aunts? And that occurred. In fact it was more than 50,000. It was more like a half a million since 1900.  And we are talking about 40 cases. Yes, they are bad cases, they are atrocious cases. But I am saying to my colleagues, what they are attempting to do in this bill, and if they do not adopt my amendment today to strike that provision and give us the opportunity, they are in fact breaking our trust responsibility to the American Indian. I do not think my colleagues want that on their chest.  In fact, if they do, and, yes, the emotionalism is there, I have seen the cases, I have talked to these people, but I am going to suggest to them if they do that, they have shirked our duty to the responsibility that we are charged with. All I ask is give us the time, let us work and let us solve the problem, and we can do it.  If they continue this effort today in this bill and this amendment is not adopted, they in fact have gone back on an act that has worked well. It has kept families together, children with their relatives, children with their mothers, children with their aunts and uncles and not farmed out to places far away from those tribes.  So I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. It is the right thing to do. It is the best thing to do, and it is our responsibility.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  