Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I want to congratulate the gentlewoman from Arkansas [Mrs. Lincoln] on this amendment. It is long overdue. The administration supports this amendment. It is something we should have in the tools to make sure that what happened last October, November, December should not occur again because the agency said it could not be done legally. This amendment takes care of that problem.  I strongly support the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I have carefully reviewed the amendment offered by our distinguished colleague from Arkansas [Blanche Lambert Lincoln].  I intend to support this amendment and I compliment our colleague for the many months of hard work she has spent perfecting this language.  Under the terms of this amendment, a State would be able to enter into an agreement with the Secretary of the Interior for the purpose of allowing State employees to operate units of our Federal Wildlife Refuge System should, in the unlikely event, a Government budgetary shutdown occur in the future.  These employees will have to receive adequate safety training, be knowledgeable about the terrain of the particular refuge unit, and adhere to all appropriate Federal regulations.  While it is unclear whether these agreements will ever be necessary, it is an innovative approach and it provides the kind of legislative fail-safe that the Secretary should have administratively used last winter to save our States thousands of dollars of lost hunting revenues.  Finally, I am pleased that this language has been expanded to include not only hunting but also fishing, wildlife observation, and environmental education. There are millions of Americans who regularly enjoy these forms of wildlife-dependent recreation, and this amendment will help to ensure that our Nation's refuge doors remain open in the years ahead.  It is my understanding that the administration has no objection to this System-wide solution and I urge an ``aye'' vote on the Lincoln amendment.  