Madam Speaker, H.R. 3286 is intended to promote family values, avoid prolonged unnecessary litigation in adoptions and to get away from race-based tests in child placement decisions. I support families, but title III of the bill is antiIndian family legislation and fails to accomplish all three of these goals.  When the Resources Committee considered H.R. 3286, it voted on a bipartisan basis to strike title III of the bill because it fails to put an end to prolonged litigation over Indian child adoptions, will create new impediments to protect abused and neglected Indian children, and raises constitutional issues.  The Indian Child Welfare Act [ICWA] was enacted in 1978 to address a long-standing problem unique to Indian children. At the time, at least 25 percent of all Indian children were either in foster homes, adoptive homes, or boarding schools. Private and public welfare agencies were removing Indian children from their homes at unprecedented rates. And in many cases, where removal was warranted, agencies were ignoring available homes in Native communities. Many of these Indian children have grandparents, aunts and uncles who are willing and able to provide good homes, but were denied placement because they didn't know the children were in need of placement. As a result, Indian children were being removed from their tribal communities in a process the Chairman of the Select Committee on Indian Affairs called cultural genocide.  In my own region of interior Alaska, 80 percent of all Athabascan Indian children removed from their homes were placed in nonrelative/nonNative placements. Generally, the children came from remote villages and were placed in strange urban settings. While that rate has dropped to 40 percent today, still half of the children who were being removed from their tribal communities had been placed in homes outside the familiar environment of their villages and extended families.  It is difficult for me to explain the shock these children experience when they are uprooted from their villages and families and thrust into these unfamiliar surroundings. These children already suffer the heartache of separation from their families, and the difficulties which cause that breakup. ICWA remedies this situation and my message is that ICWA works to keep families together, and that is something that is worth saving.  I hear the concerns of the bill's sponsor over prolonged litigation which ties up some adoptions. But ICWA is not the problem. Many of you have heard of the Rost case. It is a tragic case. But it was caused by an attorney who tried to cover up the natural parents' tribal membership and purposefully avoided checking with the grandparents and extended family of the children to see if the family was available to adopt these children. The attorney in this case is now being sued for malpractice by the natural parents, the adoptive parents, and the Tribe. Unfortunately he inflicted untold sorrow on the Rosts, the grandparents of the children, and, ultimately, on the children themselves, as their fate remains in the courts.  Title III will actually compound the litigation problem. The proposed amendments would exempt from ICWA protection Indian children whose parents do not have social, cultural, and political ties to their tribe. This will have two disastrous affects. First, State courts will now have to hold hearings on whether an Indian child's parents have social, cultural or political ties to their tribe. The only people to benefit from this will be attorneys as they haggle over conflicting facts, trying to apply a vague subjective test, while the children languish in limbo.  Second, the amendments don't just apply to adoptions. ICWA is not the Indian Child Adoption Act; it also applies to custody proceedings for child abuse and neglect cases. Under ICWA, tribes often intervene in these cases to protect abused and neglected Indian children.  For example, the tribes in my region of Alaska intervened in New York to seek the return of an Indian child under ICWA. His mother was a heroin addict who died of AIDS, and the child was later abused in foster care. Today, that child is living with his extended family in a Yukon River village, far from the ravages of social decay which took his mother's life. In another case, an interior Yukon River village intervened in North Carolina to rescue a young girl who was adopted out to a family who sexually abused her, drove her into a mental hospital and then tried to adopt her baby to repeat the cycle. In a third case, another interior Athabascan tribe intervened in a Nevada case involving a 7-month old baby, who was physically abused by its drug-addicted non-Native mother. The baby languished in a Nevada receiving home with 20 other infants until the father's tribe was able to return the baby to Alaska. today, the child is with tribally licensed nonNative foster parents, who are specially trained to deal with drug-affected children, and live near the extended family's village.  The rescue of these children could not occur without ICWA, and under the proposed title III could not occur again, because in each case, the parents of the children had severed their ties to the tribes. In each case, however, the only hope that these children had for rescue was their tribe.  I am sure that, if enacted, title III will ultimately make one or more Indian children available for adoption. However, far more abused and neglected Indian children will needlessly languish in foster care, or worse yet, not receive needed child protection services while State courts determine whether ICWA will apply and protect an innocent abused or neglected child. This may be unintended harm, but it is harm all the same.  Finally, title III raises constitutional problems which were addressed in the original ICWA. In 1977, the Justice Department commented that early drafts of ICWA employed race-based tests for Indian status. Courts have generally held that distinctions based solely on race are constitutionally impermissible. However, courts have also held that distinctions based on tribal membership are based on the sovereign political status of Indian tribes whoenjoy a government to government relationship with the Federal and State governments. The distinctions within ICWA are constitutionally permissible to the extent that they rely upon tribal membership or the eligibility for tribal membership. Distinctions which rely solely upon Indian descent and social and cultural ties to an Indian community are constitutionally suspect as a racially based test. Title III employs this latter category of tests, and may be constitutionally defective and are inconsistent with the other portions of the bill.  Finally, title III of H.R. 3286 is one more example of the Federal Government imposing its arbitrary will on our families without taking any input or advise from the people most directly affected by the decision. This bill is a response to lawyers and lobbyists from the adoption industry which have caused the problem. I have heard from countless tribes in the last 2 weeks, and not a single one has supported this measure. And neither does the Attorney General of the State of Nevada. We should listen to their message.  Therefore, I ask the Members of the House to support my amendment to strike title III. Title III may be well intended, but it will hurt children the rest of this bill is trying to help.  