Mr. Speaker, may I again go back to what I said happened in the Tongass.  We froze the amount of timber to cut. We know, in fact, that it is 90 percent a wilderness. These are facts, my friends, facts, not fiction.  In fact, we know that only 10 percent, and only 10 percent, over 100 years would be cut. We know that there are 42 percent of my people out of work in southeast Alaska today because of action of this body, and we heard a lot about it is a shame that the President vetoed this. Then we talked about the people's hardships and the people that are out of work.  What about the people that are blue collar workers? Have I heard anybody on this floor defend them, other than myself and a few of my colleagues? I heard a gentleman a while ago say, we are going to hold our faces blue until we get our way. I would rather be blue than red.  I am going to suggest respectfully that this veto is wrong. The President shut down these parks; the President shut down the monuments. There is a letter today in the Washington Post about the police were on hand at the parks. Where were they before? They are issuing tickets to people, taxpayers. Where were they before?  This administration and this Secretary of Interior are using this for a political gambit. This is what this is all about. We did our job. We sent a bill to the President that the President could have signed and should have signed.  By the way, we heard a lot about the American natives. The American natives want to stand on their own, they want to manage their own affairs, they want to be able to decide their own destiny. They do not want to continue with handouts as the minority has been doing over these years to make them subservient. They want to be their own people. The best way, they have said to me, is we will take our cuts as long as everybody else does too. But this President has kept those moneys away from those people.  It is time that this Congress overrides this President, and you have that responsibility too.  Make no mistake about it. Mr. Speaker, the Interior appropriations veto was politics, pure poll-driven politics.  If you read the President's veto message and compare it to the White House press release, they are identical. Was the President trying to seriously communicate with the Congress or was this just a public relations exercise? I have never seen anything like it.  The President vetoed this bill with a press release, threw thousands of workers out of work right before the holiday, and then blamed the Congress. Shame on you, Mr. President.  This is a slap in the face of Chairman Regula and Chairman Livingston. They sent a balanced bill to the White House that was sensitive to every concern raised by the President's staff.  This veto message also insults my constituents who live and work in the Tongass National Forest. It singled out a carefully drafted provision that would bring stability to my constituents who live and work in the Tongass.  The Tongass provision did 2 things: First, froze the amount of timber that could be harvested over 100 years at 1.7 million acres and, second, allowed the Forest Service to convert timber sales from one purchaser to another. It did nothing more and nothing less.  The fact is, every issue raised by the Clinton administration was addressed in the bill.  The administration said it wanted the ability to use good science, so we allowed them to use sound scientific data under Chairman Regula's bill.  The administration said it did not want a permanent ban on habitat conservation areas, so Chairman Regula's bill removed the ban at their request.  After the bill passed the Congress, the President's staff had to find an excuse for him to veto it. The Environmental Mecca, the Tongass National Forest, served as excuse No. 1.  The veto message/press release makes it sound like the whole 17-million-acre forest would be clear-cut tomorrow if the bill became law. The fact is only 10 percent of the forest will ever be harvested during a 100-year period. The other 90 percent is off limits in wilderness status or not available for harvest.  It seems to me that your advisors told you about the wrong Tongass provision, Mr. President.  The reality for my constituents is that 42 percent of the timber employees in the Tongass are out of work. Timber is part of a well-rounded Alaskan economy. We have enough preservation in the Tongass to protect the resources and environment. We need some stability, Mr. President.  I urge my colleagues to override this poll-driven veto.  