Mr. Speaker, I came to the floor because I have been listening to the tirade. Very frankly, I was questioning the validity of some of the arguments. We are talking about a very good bill here on this side of the aisle.  All I hear Members say on the other side is that for some reason Republicans are going to sell the national parks. That is an outright distortion. That is an outright distortion that is being said by Secretary Babbitt. In fact, it is being said by that side of the aisle.  I just wanted the people that might be watching this show to say, and show me anyplace, anytime anywhere we ever suggested such an action on this side. The bill, in fact, Mr. Babbitt says that we are trying to pass to sell the park was his bill. It was supported by the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Vento]. It was voted on by Mr. Miller. It was voted on that side of the aisle last session when they were in power.  Now all of a sudden we are the bad guys. Now, shame on you. I am going to suggest respectfully what is occurring here is a gamut for this television for people that watch it to tell some things that have been distorted completely out of context and where they do not take the responsibility. I have listened to the gentleman from New Jersey be on the floor one time. One time I was sitting in the chair. I had to listen to the nonsense that he spouts, and it is nonsense about how bad we are. And I challenged him, show us where. What have we done in our committee that has been bad? Nothing. We have done everything good, 13 bills have been signed out of the committee by this President. Some of those he did not vote for, but the President did sign them.  So I think it is time we bring a little light to this subject here, a little back to what we are talking about, this bill today, this small battery bill to try to dispose of something that could be damaging, a bill that came out of Mr. Oxley's committee that is noncontroversial. To have this kind of rhetoric continued on and on is totally, I think, irresponsible.  