Speaker, first of all, I want to start by congratulating Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger on working together. I want to congratulate the members of the Appropriations Committee.  I know there wasn't always agreement. I am hopeful, as we go forward, we can reach agreement on the individual bills or the minibuses or omnibus that we will ultimately pass to fund government in a timely fashion.  Mr. Speaker, I know that Mrs. Lowey and Ms. Granger worked together towards that objective. I want to congratulate all the members.  Mr. Speaker, I am also proud of the fact that we funded 96 percent of the government through this House prior to June 30 of this year. That has not been done in over a decade, and it was the hard work of the chair and the ranking member and the members of the committee. Even though there was not agreement on the substance at the end, without that cooperation, that could not have happened, so I thank the committee and its leadership.  As majority leader and as a member of the Appropriations Committee, albeit on leave, I am focused, and we are focused as a majority, on doing our job and providing certainty for the military, for Federal agencies, for workers, for businesses, and for the American people that the Congress can, in fact, do its work in a responsible way.  I regret that the Senate has not done its work. They have not passed a single appropriations bill, not one. By the time we came back in September, they had not passed a single bill out of committee.  So this CR is necessary, as the Senate failed to introduce even a single appropriations bill before August for the first time in more than three decades, let alone mark up or bring it to the floor, as I said.  That is why we need to make sure the government doesn't shut down. We don't have to have drama. We don't have to have panic. We don't have to have people saying: ``Why can't the Congress do its work?''  We are bringing this bill to the floor, and we are going to pass it today with, I hope, a large bipartisan vote and send it to the Senate. It is my understanding that they intend to pass this so that we will not have the angst, the lack of confidence in this institution, and the instability because coming right up to the precipice of closure is avoided.  To that end, we have on the floor, as I said, a continuing resolution to prevent a shutdown. This CR, this continuing resolution, authorizes the operations of government through November 21. There was some discussion about going into the middle of December.  Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my colleagues and I want to say to my committee, there is no reason on God's green Earth we cannot complete our business on the appropriation process by November 21, not a single reason, except procrastination and an unwillingness to compromise.  Americans have sent people with different views to this Congress, but notwithstanding those differences in views, they expect us to be able to work.  One of the great pleasures that I have had in this Congress is serving on the Appropriations Committee, particularly when I went there. It, frankly, has become more partisan than it was when I first went on in January of 1983. I came to Congress in 1981. Sil Conte was the ranking member from Massachusetts on the Appropriations subcommittee on which I served and of the committee, and we were able to work together, resolve our differences. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the fact that Mrs. Lowey and Ms. Granger have that same psychology.  This bill will extend the authorizations that would otherwise expire at the end of this month, including the Export-Import Bank, the National Flood Insurance Program, the Higher Education Act, and a number of important health programs.  Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Pallone, chairman of the committee, for working to make sure that we could do that in a timely fashion as well.  Mr. Speaker, I hope we can pass this on a bipartisan basis, as I said, and move forward in good faith to do the job the American people sent us here to do: assure the operations of their government in an efficient and effective way on their behalf, a government that expands justice, opportunity, economic security, and strengthens our national defense.  We came to a bipartisan budget agreement on lifting spending caps in July, and that was a good first step. Next, we must come to a bipartisan agreement on how to divvy up the allotment to each of the 12 appropriations bills, what we euphemistically refer to as 302(b) allocations. We need to make progress and compromise on that issue.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my friends in the Senate to not squander the extra time this CR provides, approximately 7 working weeks, and come to agreement among themselves first and then with us.  Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Lowey, her subcommittee chairs, Ms. Granger and her ranking members for their hard work moving the House bills so expeditiously and producing a CR that will avert a shutdown at the end of September. We can get the job done.  Again, let me reiterate in closing, we can complete this job prior to November 21, and that is exactly what we ought to do.  