SCALISE. Let me make this point, because you have made some points that aren't completely accurate.  The number we agreed upon--but if you say, Okay, we agree on a certain spending level, that is one part of the debate. But you then go put policies in the bill at that level that undermine, not only our beliefs of what is best for national defense, but what the President needs to do to be able to do his job to secure our border. You did that in the bill knowing that that would make it partisan. It was a bipartisan bill, and then you added provisions, like things that would undermine the ability to secure America's border in that bill knowing it was partisan.  If you took that out, you knew it would have been a bipartisan bill, but you left it in. And that is a pattern we have seen from Speaker Pelosi's majority this year.  We had a bill in the Committee on Energy and Commerce to lower drug prices--a major problem in this country. Republicans and Democrats worked for months and came up with a bill in the committee of jurisdiction to solve the problem and lower drug prices.  And you know what happened? It was a unanimous vote--unanimous vote.  People looking at Congress going, Wow, here in the year 2019, on a major issue like lowering drug prices, Republicans and Democrats came together and figured out a way to lower drug prices, and the vote was unanimous.  You would figure we would put that on suspension the next day to pass it out, so we could get it signed by the President as soon as possible and lower drug prices as soon as possible.  And you know what happened? It just happened a few months ago. As that bill came out of committee unanimously to lower drug prices, the Speaker made a decision that she was going to put a poison pill in it--after it came out of committee, before it was voted on on the House floor--knowing what that would do.  And it immediately became a partisan bill because you put something in that you knew was not going to get Republican support. And so the bill passed out of the House. And you can brag you passed it, but it is not going to go anywhere.  It will not become law, but we had a bill that was unanimous out of committee to lower drug prices. It would be signed into law today if you wouldn't have done that. But you wanted to play political games, and it has happened over and over.  And so you can talk about what you passed, but when there was a bill that was unanimous out of the committee of jurisdiction, where doctors, people in the healthcare professions, people in business, people on both sides of the aisle that know this issue figured out a way to put all of their differences aside and pass a bill to lower drug prices, you had to make that partisan after it came out of committee unanimously.  That is what has been done over and over that undermines the ability for us to get our job done. We could have gotten that done. It could be signed by the President today, and we could all hail that as a major accomplishment.  That is just one example, and it is happened over and over again, and it shouldn't happen that way.  So, yes, we need to move this process along, but we move it along by working together. Defense could have been done in a bipartisan way. The things that were added in that you knew would make it partisan shouldn't have been put in that bill. It had never happened that way before, ever.  We had always passed a bipartisan NDAA bill through the House, and this is the first year that didn't happen. Drug pricing could be solved, but it hasn't happened yet. It should happen. I hope we get it done, but it should have been done in a partisan way when the committee figured out a way to do it unanimously.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland.  