Speaker, it has nothing to do with the standard of care at the VA, managed by the administration, which, of course, has had the Presidency for the last 3 years.  Whether you pay $5 for prescription drugs or $50 for prescription drugs, that is not the standard of care. That is how much you are paying for the drug that you think helps either a veteran or a nonveteran.  But let me say this: The gentleman keeps talking about, Mr. Speaker, these bipartisan bills. The reason they weren't bipartisan in passing this House is because we added ACA protections.  We added preexisting condition provisions to those bills, and the Republicans, therefore, voted against. Why? Because they have been against the Affordable Care Act and its adoption, against it in the campaigns.  When they had the opportunity to change it, they couldn't do it. They came up with a goose egg, Mr. Speaker.  The President said, during the course of the campaign, that he was going to present a bill that included coverage for every American at a lower cost and a higher quality. I tell the press, as soon as he sends that bill down, Mr. Speaker, I am going to vote for it. He has been President now for 3 years, a little short of that. No bill has come down.  The bill that the Speaker and majority leader went down to the White House and cheered about, look, we passed this bill, and they sent it to the Senate. The President was there at the White House. It was a great bill, and within 14 days, he called it a ``mean'' bill.  Let me tell you what the President further said, Mr. Speaker, and the characterization differs from the characterization that my friend, the Republican whip, exhibited. The Presidentendorsed Medicare drug price negotiations in his campaign and put forward a proposal to use international prices as a guide to limit out-of-control U.S. prices. That is what the gentleman's President said.  The administration has endorsed the other two concepts of inflation limits on drug prices and improving Medicare part D as part of the legislation put forward by Senator Grassley.  I guess everybody has their own definition of bipartisanship.  