Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I think I am speaking English. Let me repeat. What the Mueller report said was the Department of Justice policy was that they could not indict a sitting President of the United States. It went on to say, as I quoted, that did not mean that they could assert that there was no obstruction of justice. And if they thought they could assert that, they would have asserted it.  And Attorney General Barr then mischaracterized the Mueller report before it was released to put, in my opinion, the President's spin on the Mueller report, which, very frankly, the gentleman's side of the aisle has continued to spin all the time.  I mentioned the six people who were convicted of lying to the investigation, close associates of the President of the United States, now in jail or waiting to be sentenced. Mr. Stone falls into that category.  Mr. Barr said that there was no obstruction. He was wrong. He mischaracterized, misstated, and misled the American people. And Mueller said in his report that was not what he found.  Collusion is not a crime. Conspiracy is a crime.  But there were, in addition to the six people I have talked about, 10 Russians indicted for participating in trying to undermine the integrity of the elections in our country on behalf of Mr. Trump.  Now, the gentleman indicates that the Mueller report has not been mentioned. The Mueller report is not the gravamen or the central--we lawyers say ``gravamen''--but the central tenet here.  The central tenet is, on July 25 and, frankly, leading up to that and succeeding that, the President of the United States involved himself in a way to enrich himself in terms of the election that was coming up, 2020--not the 2016 election, the 2020 election.  The evidence has not been rebutted that that was the fact; and, in fact, people close to the President of the United States confirmed it.  What the articles say is there was an abuse of power, which is what almost every constitutional scholar says was the central concern of our Founding Fathers when they included the impeachment provision in the Constitution of the United States: to be a check on authoritarian power serving its own interests, not the people's interest. That is what the central claim here is.  And with respect to the other Article of Impeachment, it does not mention the Mueller report because what it was focused on--although Mueller focused on the obstruction of justice evidence, not the charge, but the evidence.  What we are focusing on is the biggest attempt to prohibit the Congress of the United States and the exercise of its legitimate constitutional responsibility of oversight from getting information, either in testimony or in documents. And almost every scholar of past Presidents--including President Nixon and including President Clinton and the extraordinary discovery that was exercised against President Obama on a regular basis--found that this President has stonewalled more than any other President and with less justification than any other President, because most Presidents referred to executive privilege.  This President went much more broadly than those who dealt with himpersonally, but simply wanted to preclude information from getting to the Congress so that it could make decisions based upon that evidence.  And, of course, the other suit that we have is a President who said he was going to release his tax information to the American people. He has fought in every forum to prevent that from happening, notwithstanding the legislation, which was not adopted by us--it is very old legislation--which says the tax writing committee can get that information.  And I would suggest the American people ought to have that information so they can determine for themselves whether this President is acting for his benefit or for their benefit, which is his constitutional responsibility.  