Scalise and his party over the last 8 years that they were in charge passed bill after bill after bill after bill that they knew without any doubt they had no chance in the United States Senate--none, zero, zip. They passed them for message. They knew that, we knew that, and America knew that. So that is not the reason they didn't bring the bill that they talk now so passionately about to the floor for 11 months and 20 days. They only brought it as they were going out the door.  Let me tell you what they rejected, Mr. Speaker. They rejected a bill from the United States Senate which would have opened up government and paid all 800,000 of the people who are now either furloughed or asked to work without pay. They rejected that bill that passed overwhelmingly and unanimously on voice vote from the United States Senate that the President of the United States was said, by the Vice President of the United States, to support.  But something happened during those 24 hours as it came from the Senate to the House. A bill that passed the Senate, they rejected that bill, the Republicans in this House, and then they, and only then, did they bring a bill which they knew would not pass the Senate. Talk about negotiation and compromise, and you have done that over and over and over, Mr. Speaker--not you but the Republican majority.  Now, Mr. Speaker, let me tell you who sent it over here: Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader of the United States Senate.  Let me quote Senator McConnell in a CNN report:       In his strongest words to date, Senate GOP leader Mitch      McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, tried to quash talk that      he would allow another government shutdown if he becomes      Senate majority leader next year.  What was his response? `` `Of course not. Remember me? I am the guy that gets us out of shutdowns,' McConnell told CNN in an exclusive interview Wednesday.  Then he went on to say: `` `It's a failed policy,' he said of shutdowns.''  Now, sadly, in league with the Republican minority here in the House of Representatives and the President of the United States, he has done exactly the opposite of what he said he would do. He hasn't opened up, he has shut down government.  The minority whip is correct, Mr. Speaker. We are not going to pretend that this is business as usual as long as we have 800,000 of our employees--some working, some not--not being paid and not being treated with respect because it is a tactic that they have adopted. And I tell my friend again: it must be a tactic he believes in because he voted against his own Republican Speaker and the majority leader who is now the Republican leader who voted and urged Members: vote to open up this government.  Now, he was not alone in that vote. There were 143 other Republicans. Only 87 voted to open up the government. So apparently he believes this is a tacticthat is acceptable in a democratic government. We reject that emphatically and proudly.  We have passed bill after bill after bill after bill that would open up this government, and Mr. Scalise, Mr. Speaker, and his colleagues have almost to a person--not always unanimously--rejected that effort.  So I tell my friend: open up the government and we will talk, but we are not going to talk while you hold hostage the employees of this government--not all of them, but 800,000 of them--who are worried about whether they can put food on the table.  There are food lines. Our people at food lines--public employees--do we have no shame?  Do we have no moral commitment to those whom we ask to work to protect this country and to serve these people?  What is it that the President and his party refuse to open up the government?  This is historic. Never in the history--he talked about going back to George Washington in 1799--has this ever happened before that we kept the government shut down. The longest before that, of course, was the Republican shutdown of 2013.  It is not a tactic I tell my friend that we accept. We reject it emphatically, and we are not going to subject ourselves tomorrow to the same kind of blackmail or the day after to the same kind of blackmail or the day after that to the same kind of blackmail.  I will tell my friend: we will have a Democratic President at some point in time. And he ought to reject this tactic as well because it is bad for the government. Much more importantly, it is bad for the people of this country, the economy of our country, and the national security of our country.  Mr. Speaker, I have nothing else to say.  