Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the Republican whip, for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes postponed until 6:30 p.m.  Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative business.  Members are reminded that when the House is considering appropriations bills, votes will occur after 7 p.m. and, obviously, before as well.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes on Thursday are expected to occur probably between 2 and 3 p.m. That is different, as I know most Members are used to leaving at 11. We are leaving at 10:30 today, but it will be somewhere between 2 and 3 p.m. on that Thursday.  We will consider several bills under suspension of the rules. The complete list of suspension bills will be announced by the close of business today.  The House will also consider a contempt resolution. This resolution would force Attorney General Barr and former White House Counsel McGahn to comply with congressional subpoenas that have been duly issued by the House Judiciary Committee. The resolution will authorize the Judiciary Committee to pursue civil action to seek enforcement of its subpoenas in Federal court.  Madam Speaker, it also authorizes House committees that have issued subpoenas as part of their oversight and investigation responsibilities to seek civil enforcement of those subpoenas when they are ignored.  Madam Speaker, in addition to that contempt resolution, the House will consider H.R. 2740, the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, Legislative Branch, Defense, State, Foreign Operations, and Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act of 2020.  This will be the first of several minibuses, Madam Speaker, that will be coming to the floor over this work period. It is my intention to pass all 12 appropriations bills through the House by the end of June. This package is the first step toward the House doing its work.  This is, as I said, the first step toward precluding the possibility of a shutdown at the end of this year, as occurred at the beginning of this year. I am hopeful that all Members will cooperate with Chair Lowey and Ranking Member Granger, who have led their committees in working extraordinarily hard, 12 subcommittees, all of which will have marked up their bills by the middle of next week and be ready for floor action. This is one of the earliest times we have considered it.  My Republican colleagues passed a number of bills, as well, in the last year. It was in the Senate that we didn't get that done. But the fact of the matter is, hopefully, we will be able to get this done.  