Speaker, we could go, I guess, all day on this. But the fact is, let me say, with that letter, the gentleman says 1 week. The fact of the matter is this President has been defying Congress for years in terms of giving it information it constitutionally had the right to have. He has not responded. In fact, we have gone to court, and we have won every case. It is not like the court said: Oh, well, they have the right to do this; they can talk back and forth for days, years, and months.  The court said: No, they are entitled to that information.  Don't send me a letter; send me the information I request.  For my friend to pretend that that was just 1 week's delay--it has been years of delay to responding to information requested legitimately by the Congress of the United States.  After months of going to the court, the courts have come to a conclusion over and over and over again that the Congress is entitled to that information.  Two courts have now decided that we are entitled to his tax information and to his financial information. We haven't gotten it.  Why? Because he appeals again.  Why? Because that is his modus operandi, as I said. He did it in the private sector, and he is doing it in the public sector.  What surprises me is that--I am not wishing it, but my friend may be in charge someday again, and my friend is going to be very upset with the precedent that the gentleman is arguing for at this point in time in terms of not cooperating with the Congress of the United States in conducting its constitutional duties.  As I say, we could go on and on on this. We are going to have additional hearings. I would repeat again, from a USA Today editorial: ``Trump has met the impeachment investigation with outright and unprecedented defiance,'' which is one of the reasons I suppose he didn't appear and he instructed people who have information, like John Bolton, like Secretary Pompeo, and like so many others: Don't appear. Don't testify. Don't provide information. That is obfuscation and refusal to cooperate. But we will have an opportunity to deal with these in the future.  I would hope that, at this point in time, Mr. Whip, we might cease and desist so our friends could have an opportunity to say what they want to say. But I am prepared to proceed if my friend is so disposed.  