He does not talk about the stark fact that the House did its job. We passed bills. We passed 96 percent of the funding of the government.  The Senate, led by Republicans, prior to the end of the fiscal year, passed 0 percent. It is hard to come to an agreement when the Senate doesn't pass anything. Nothing. Zero. Mainly because they needed the President to say: Simon says.  I know that, for a fact--based upon conversations with the leadership of the Senate, that the President signing off, and we know that the Acting Chief of Staff, when he was here in this body, voted to shut the government down and voted against opening up, and said we ought to have a sequester for this fiscal year--that that was his position. It was Mr. Vought's position as well, who is the acting director at OMB. A mirror, Madam Speaker, in my opinion, of the Acting Chief of Staff.  So for the Republican whip to say, oh, gee whiz, we are wringing our hands, and we passed partisan bills, of course we passed partisan bills because the gentleman's side would not work with us on our bills. That was the strategy, I would suggest, Madam Speaker, not simply a difference of opinion.  As a matter of fact, on the defense spending that the gentleman mentions, I know for a fact, because I talked to them on the Republican side in both of the committees on appropriations and authorizing, the 733 figure that we used was an acceptable figure. A figure, by the way, acceptable to the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But it is very hard to reach an agreement if one side doesn't say anything, doesn't send any bill, doesn't take any action.  There was nothing to negotiate on. And the gentleman talks about a bill. First of all, the only thing that was agreed to was how much money we are going to spend overall on discretionary spending, about 30 percent--a little over 30 percent of the entire budget. But there was no agreement on the distribution of those dollars to the various committees.  Now, the gentleman says so much on defense side, so much on nondefense side. The gentleman is correct. But, very frankly, what the Senate Democrats are concerned about is that they will be passing bills, and money will be cut from programs that we feel are very important, to build a wall, a wall that somebody bought a $100 saw at Home Depot and cut a hole in.  So I would reiterate my disappointment with the total failure of the United States Senate, led by Republicans, to enact any bill that appropriated money for the operations of government prior to the end of this fiscal year.  So I say to my friend, there are people meeting. As the gentleman knows, the Speaker and Mr. Mnuchin had an agreement. Now, what does that reflect? Simon says. Because the Senate will not act as an independent body, coequal branch of the Government of the United States. Mr. McConnell has said as much. We won't pass anything unless the President will sign it, as if we have no mind of our own; as if--the Representatives of the American people who vote by majority and pass something or by 60 votes in the Senate--only one vote counts, the President of the United States.  And I say, I lament that fact, Madam Speaker. I tell the minority whip that I regret, and I will tell him--and I hope he believes me, because I believe it--if it were a Democratic President, I would be prepared to vote for bills on this floor that I believe the American people would support and that this body would support.  And if the President signs it. He signs it. If he doesn't, then we see if we have two-thirds under our Constitution. And if we don't, the bill does not become law. That is the way the system ought to work. But, no, we are negotiating with Mr. Mnuchin, not with the Senate, not with Mr. Leahy, not even, apparently, with Senator McConnell. We are simply waiting for the President to tell the Senate: This allocation is okay.  That is why, in my view, they didn't pass a single bill before the end of the fiscal year. But I hope we pass the CR. I hope it is as clean as it can be. There are anomalies that have to be taken care of, and we will take care of those, things that have to be extended because they are going to expire on the 21st of the month, this month.  So I hope we do that, and I hope we can join together in a bipartisan way to do that. And then I join my friend, the minority whip, Madam Speaker, and hope we can get to bipartisan agreement. There is nobody in this body that served with me for any length of time that doesn't know I work toward that end, and I will continue to work toward that end.  