Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, let me first say, if the gentleman wants to pursue bipartisanship--I know that they all want to use the word ``socialist,'' which was egregiously misidentified in an ad that I wrote to Mr. Scalise about, which was a hateful ad. My suggestion is ``liberal,'' this, that, and the other.  The drug bill that we have is going to be dealing with private sector producers, privately owned, of prescription drugs.  This is not anything about socialism, but I know the gentleman wants to use that word. I know his advisers apparently have told him that is going to be a catchword that politically will be great for the next election. But if the gentleman wants to seek bipartisanship, let's just not try to color everything we say in terms that clearly reek of partisanship, not bipartisanship.  Now, as to the bill itself, very frankly, we introduced a bill yesterday. The committee has been working on it. When I say ``the committee,'' the Energy and Commerce, the Education and Labor, and the Ways and Means Committees have all been working on this bill. There has been no secret about it. We have been discussing it.  It has three components, essentially, as the gentleman knows. It has a component of negotiation, which, of course, as the gentleman knows, the Veterans Administration does so right now.  I don't know whether the gentleman thinks that is socialism in the Veterans Administration--maybe he does--but in any event, it is not a unique proposal. It puts inflation limits on drug prices so we can't have drug prices that people need to maintain their health and their lives increase 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 700, 800 percent in a very short period of time. We don't think that is really what ought to happen.  Lastly, it restructures the medical part D benefit to cap out-of-pocket spending for seniors, somewhat as the Republicans did with their part D under President Bush.  So this is a proposal that is doing what we said we would do in the last election, and that is to try to look at bringing down the cost of prescription drugs, lifesaving, life-enhancing, health-enhancing drugs, so that people are not priced out of the market or have to make a choice between food, mortgage, rent, and the prescription drugs which they need to be healthy.  Now, I agree that we do need a bipartisan solution, but so does the President of the United States. When the gentleman says ``done in secret,'' let me give a quote that the President of the United States says: ``I like Senator Grassley's drug pricing bill very much. . . . `'  I will say, I do not know the depths of Senator Grassley's bill, but it is Senator Grassley's bill, the Republican chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.  Now, continuing to quote the President: `` . . . and it's great to see Speaker Pelosi's bill today.''  That is the ``socialist'' bill to which the gentleman referred just now.  Let's get it done in a bipartisan way. In other words, what the President of the United States is saying is the Republican chairman of the Senate Finance Committee has introduced a bill;Speaker Pelosi and others have introduced a bill. Let's try to work together on those bills. That is what President Trump said just the other day. That is what I expect we are going to do.  So I appreciate the gentleman's comments. We hope we can work in a bipartisan way, because this is a very critical challenge that the American people face. They know they need these prescription drugs to stay alive, to stay well, to be able to continue to work. But if they are priced out of the market, they suffer; and, therefore, our economy suffers; and, therefore, we all suffer.  So I share the gentleman's view that I hope we can get this done in a bipartisan way. Senator Grassley has a proposal; we have a proposal. Let's see what we can do together to assist the American people in having something that they absolutely must have.  