 On Monday, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes postponed until 6:30 p.m.  On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative business.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m.  Madam Speaker, we will consider several bills under suspension of the rules, including H.R. 4634, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act, a very significant and very bipartisan bill.  The complete list of suspension bills will be announced by the close of business today.  In addition, Madam Speaker, the House will be considering a continuing resolution through December 20 to keep the government open and operating on behalf of the American people.  Madam Speaker, I am deeply disappointed by the Senate's failure to complete their work on appropriations, forcing us to consider another continuing resolution. This is evidence of failure, not of success. It is absolutely essential that we pass the CR to keep our government operating, but it is an indication that we have not gotten our business done as we should.  I would remind House Members that we passed 96 percent of the funding of government by June 26 this year, or approximately 3 months before the end of the fiscal year, a little over 3 months.  By the end of the fiscal year, the United States Senate had passed not a single appropriations bill. I am disappointed by that but recognize that passing a CR is absolutely essential.  Rather than kick the can further down the road, however, we must use that time between now and December 20 to work on an agreement on 302(b) allocations, which will allow us to move appropriation bills done in line with the bipartisan budget caps agreement.  Lastly, Madam Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 1309, the Workplace Violence Prevention for Health Care and Social Service Workers Act. This bipartisan bill directs the Occupational Safety and Health Administration to issue a standard requiring healthcare and social service employers to write and implement a workplace violence prevention plan to prevent and protect employees from violent incidents at work.  