 Of course, as the gentleman knows, we have and continue to be and are today even more so concerned about the fact that the President of the United States has taken hostage the Government of the United States and shut it down. As a result, what we have asked for before we get into serious negotiations is to let us open up the government; for, after all, when we have border security being our focus, nobody that is protecting the borders for the United States of America is getting paid. The morale is low; the apprehension is high; and we believe very strongly that the first step we ought to take is open up government.  Then, as the gentleman well knows, we have articulated on numerous occasions--and I hope the gentleman believes we are honest. And when the gentleman reviews the record of when we were in charge of the House and the Senate, we made very substantial investments in border security, as I think probably the gentleman knows.  Furthermore, we have been ready to support and offered the bills that the Republicans have passed. And, in fact, I think the minority leader in the Senate said that he would accept the number that the President suggested, andwe made some counteroffers. They were rejected.  In fact, Senator McConnell believed he had an agreement with the President on keeping the government open. He sent us a bill to do just that in the waning days of December, and as the minority whip well knows, that bill was not taken up on the floor of this House.  In fact, a bill which had been pending for 11\1/2\ months in committee first came to the floor with 10 days left in the year. That bill included a number far above the number that the President originally asked for and far above any number that had been discussed. Although it passed the House, the House knew then, very well, that it did not have the votes in the Senate to pass, and it did not pass. As a result, the government shut down.  And we continue to be in a place, as we said at the White House, to negotiate on border security to secure our borders, to protect our people from those who would come across our borders to commit crimes, protect against drugs being imported, protect against the trafficking of human beings. We all share that view: Republicans and Democrats. The issue is how we most effectively accomplish that objective.  Pending that, the government, as we took power--and it was our responsibility--what we have done over the last 2 weeks is to pass, essentially, your bills. I don't know how we can be much more bipartisan than that than to pass your bills.  