SCALISE. I am going to yield in a moment after I go through the different claims the gentleman made.  It is real interesting that the majority leader read selectively from that conversation between President Trump and Zelensky on: Will you do me a favor?  So let me read you the full sentence, because you are trying to take one context and shift it somewhere else, which has been done over and over by Chairman Schiff and others.  So let's start. This is President Trump:  I would like you to find out what happened with this whole situation with Ukraine. They say CrowdStrike.  That is the sentence where he said: I would like you to do us a favor.  Not ``me,'' ``us.''  Please read the transcript. That is what he said.  And when he said, ``I would like you to do `us' a favor, though, because our country has been through a lot and Ukraine knows a lot about it,'' the corruption was going on in Ukraine. The interference from Russia, much of itwas emanating from Ukraine in 2016. We know that. Don't deny it. Don't try to hide that.  ``I would like you to find out what happened with this whole situation with Ukraine. They say CrowdStrike.''  He is not talking about Biden. He is not talking about some future election. He is talking about the company that was looking into the corruption and the interference by Russia in the 2016 election. We still haven't gotten to the bottom of that. This is part of it. This absolutely went through Ukraine.  And, by the way, in the NDAA, a law that is on the books today that the gentleman voted for and I voted for, the law requires that, when the United States of America is giving money to a foreign country, they have to make sure that they are looking into whether or not there is corruption. And so he is absolutely looking into the corruption, because we are sending hundreds of millions of dollars over there.  And before they sent the hundreds of millions, the law--not his personal preference, the law--says he has to look to make sure there is no corruption. That is in the NDAA law that we passed last year. That is current law.  And so the President is complying with the law asking him ``do us a favor''--us, not him. Please make that note accurately. And then he asks about CrowdStrike. Not Biden, CrowdStrike.  We all know what CrowdStrike was involved in. They were involved in looking into some of the illegal activity that Russia was participating in to try to interfere with the 2016 election.  We still haven't gotten the answer to that. I wish your committee would be spending more time on that so that we can stop it from happening again.  And so that is what he was talking about. That is the context. It is not accurate, it is not fair to try to read it out of context and then go attribute it to something else, because many have done that.  ``I would like you to do us a favor.''  And then he says, all of this stuff that was happening in Ukraine, ``they say CrowdStrike.'' That is what he asked about.  Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman.  