 That had no restraint on the gentleman's side of the aisle when that side was in charge in the appropriations bills the gentleman passed in a totally partisan fashion, I would observe.  We didn't think they would get past the Senate. They didn't get past the Senate. They didn't become law. There was a compromise made.  The gentleman did the same thing. Why? Because the gentleman thought that was, from a policy standpoint, the correct thing to do.  We are doing exactly the same thing. Will we have negotiations between the House and the Senate as to levels of spending and other, as the gentleman points out, provisions in the bills? Of course we will.  But the assertion that: Why are you passing bills? They won't pass the Senate. I would hope they pass the Senate. I think they are excellent bills. I think they provide for the national security, both on the defense side and on the domestic side.  Very frankly, we put defense and labor-health together. Why? Because the gentleman had made that a way to proceed.  Why did the gentleman make it a way to proceed? Because those on the other side, for the most part, are hesitant to vote for the levels that we expect are necessary for education and the health of our people.  Having said that, when the gentleman says it won't pass the Senate, the gentleman's bills didn't pass the Senate. The gentleman passed them because he thought they were good policy. We are passing them because we think they are good policy.  And I, frankly, think, but for the fact that I think the gentleman has expressed a policy on his side of, ``Don't vote for these bills,'' we would have gotten a significant number of Republican votes on a number of these bills. We did get some votes.  But let us hope that we get to a deal on what the spending levels ought to be. And, as I point out, without any Democratic participation, the Republican Senators can't get a level with the White House. They tried. They worked at it. It was publicly reported.  The gentleman has been unable to get an agreement within his own party on those levels. My view is, I think Mr. Mulvaney doesn't want a deal. Mr. Scalise says he wants a 2-year deal. I hope he is right. I hope the gentleman is right that Mr. Mulvaney will, with Mr. Mnuchin, come to grips with doing a 2-year deal to give us some degree of stability.  The gentleman is correct. He didn't have to get a budget because we made a 2-year deal. It couldn't have gotten through the Senate if we hadn't agreed on it. But we made a 2-year deal. It wasn't exactly at the levels we wanted.  Senator Murray led that negotiation on our behalf. We reached it, and we had some degree of stability. And that is why the other side was able to pass their bills without a budget, because we already had a number. They didn't need a 302a number.  Now we are getting into jargon here, but suffice it to say, yes, we are passing bills at levels we think are appropriate. Many on the gentleman's side disagree with that. The Senate may disagree.  The way we get to a resolution is we have a conference and we come to an agreement. Hopefully, that will happen, and we will not shut down the government of the United States, which we did, partially, for 35 days. That is the way this institution ought to work, and I hope it does work that way.  