 Madam Speaker, on Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes postponed until 6:30 p.m.  On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate and noon for legislative business.  On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business, and last votes of the week would be expected no later than 3 p.m.  We will consider several bills, Madam Speaker, under suspension of the rules. The complete list of suspension bills will be announced by close of business tomorrow.  The House will also consider H.R. 397, the Rehabilitation for Multiemployer Pensions Act, commonly referred to as the Butch Lewis Act.  The 10 million Americans who have paid into multiemployer pensions deserve to know they will receive the benefits they have earned when they retire. The bill will help ensure a secure retirement for these workers and retirees.  In addition, Madam Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 2203, the Homeland Security Improvement Act. This legislation introduced by Congresswoman Escobar will ensure that the Department of Homeland Security addresses border issues in a responsible and humane manner. The bill fosters greater accountability when it comes to the handling of children and migrant families at all levels within the Department of Homeland Security.  The House is also expected to consider additional legislation, Madam Speaker, related to the current humanitarian crisis on the southern border.  Members are advised that additional legislative items are expected. As we know, it is the last week before we adjourn, and there is an effort to try to get things done that can, in fact, be done within the timeframe we have available to us.  It is my sincere hope that an agreement is reached to raise budget caps and the debt limit. The Speaker and Secretary Mnuchin and others have been working very hard on this objective, and I am hopeful that they will reach an agreement that we can agree on as a House and as a Senate. Assuming an agreement is reached, we will consider that as soon as they reach it, and hopefully, that will be next week.  