Speaker, I rise to thank and congratulate Karen Haas, and say how very appreciative this House is for the extraordinary service that has been given to us for many years, and to the people of this country, by Karen Haas.  Karen, thank you so much.  She has been the Clerk of the House for a very long time. She was the Clerk of the House in the 109th and 110th Congresses as well.  Throughout her tenure, she served with distinction, working hard to ensure that the Office of the Clerk always acted in a nonpartisan, bipartisan way, which brought credit on this House and great service to every Member.  Thank you for that, Karen.  Many of us serving in the House have known her even longer, going back to her service on the staff of former Speaker Hastert and former Republican Leader Bob Michel.  I might say of the latter, Bob Michel was one of the finest human beings I have ever known and one of the best Members that I have ever served with. Karen was proud to serve with him, and he, I know, was so fond of Karen and her service to him and to the House.  Now, I may not be totally objective. Karen is a native Marylander. Karen is also a graduate of the University of Maryland, so Karen and I share a lot in common. We live in Maryland; we graduated from Maryland; and we love this House.  I offer her the thanks of the House, its Members, and our staff, as she steps down from this position. I am not sure where Karen is going, but I guarantee you, our loss will be somebody else's gain, because she has the kind of talent, commitment, energy, and faithfulness that will make a real difference wherever she goes.  I also congratulate Cheryl Johnson for becoming the 36th Clerk of the House of Representatives.  Ladies and gentlemen of the House, Cheryl returns to the House where she served for 20 years with the Committee on Education and Labor, as well as the Committee on House Administration.  She will bring an extraordinary amount of experience to her job as the Clerk of the House. I know she will do an outstanding job, and I welcome her back to this House, which she has served so ably before.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the Republican whip.  