Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I want to thank Mr. McHenry for his leadership as ranking member of the committee, and for his bringing this to the floor.  I want to thank my very good friend, not my Republican friend, my very good friend, Fred Upton, for his work and his leadership on this piece of legislation, and my dear friend, Annie Kuster, for her leadership.  This is personal for me. I am so happy to rise in support of this legislation.  I went to Georgetown Law School, and I set up practice just about 5 or 7 miles from here in the late sixties. And in the seventies, late seventies, I had a law clerk; he also went to Georgetown Law School. He was a young, bright, extraordinarily able individual. His name was Steve.  Steve is now a Federal District Court Judge in New Hampshire. He had an extraordinary wife, and her name was Christa. Steve and Christa became very dear friends of Judy's and mine.  In those days, I had enough time to sail, and I had a sailboat. Steve and Christa, from time to time, would go sailing with Judy and me and perhaps some of my children. I remember Christa with the wind in her hair, beautiful outside but, more importantly, beautiful inside, full of life, full of excitement, full of vision for what she, as a teacher, could do for her children.  Some of you may recall that Christa's motto as the Teacher in Space was: ``I touch the future. I teach.'' And she was looking forward with such excitement, not only to leave the bounds of Earth, but to return to Earth and engage with her students; to share her experience; to share the excitement and adventure of going into a new frontier that we call space.  It is so appropriate that we pass this coin bill in her name. Christa was my friend. She was the best of us, as were her fellow astronauts on that fated day at the beginning of 1986, that, for a few seconds, burned so brightly with so much hope, and whose lives were snuffed out in an instant as the Challenger blew up.  Christa, during the course of the competition to be the teacher in space, would visit my office that was in the Longworth Building, in the back of the building on the fifth floor.  Mr. Speaker, every time she would come to Washington, she would come to my office, and we would visit as she was participating in the competition, and I saw her excitement and her anticipation. Obviously, NASA saw it as well because, out of those 10,000, they chose her to be the representative of the most important profession in our country, the teaching profession, without whom our society cannot succeed.  It is so appropriate that this coin bill, as the chairwoman has said, will benefit a program called FIRST, that Dean Kamen, one of the great engineers and inventors in our country and, indeed, the world, established; and now we have literally thousands and thousands and thousands of young people all over this world participating in STEM activities and, particularly, robotics, who will be enabled to pursue this program more fully.  Surely, no one is going to vote against this bill, but we can all be very proud of the fact that we not only memorialize an extraordinary fellow citizen, fellow human being, who, as Kennedy said, brought her energy and her faith and her devotion to making her country, her community, and our children better.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for bringing this bill to the floor. I thank Mr. McHenry for his support. I thank Mr. Upton, and I thank Ms. Kuster.  This is a thing that is good to do. America is better for Christa McAuliffe's life.  Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer my strong support for this bill.  Christa McAuliffe was more than just a teacher and an American hero who lost her life in the pursuit of science and our understanding of the universe.  Christa was a friend.  Her husband, Steven, now senior judge of the U.S. District Court for the District of New Hampshire, worked as my law clerk for two years.  I got to know Christa then, and before the couple moved to New England, Christa taught in Prince George's County schools in my district.  As a graduate of Bowie State University and then as a teacher for eight years in Prince George's County, she inspired so many young people in Maryland to dream big and aim for the stars.  Kind, intelligent, and compassionate--Christa was a perfect choice for the ``Teacher in Space'' program, to which she was selected out of more than 11,000 applicants.  Christa was the ideal candidate.  She could connect with anyone; her personality was magnetic.  She had a way of inspiring every student to give his or her best, and she radiated a joy and love of teaching every time she entered a classroom or stood up to speak.  With trademark poise and determination, Christa approached the challenge of space travel like she did all others: with boundless passion.  I remember when she spoke to over 12,000 people from Prince George's County School System after her selection for the ``Teacher in Space'' program.  Everyone in the audience--from the youngest students to the oldest teachers, parents and guests--we all felt like we were about to go on the journey alongside her.  Christa spoke about her goals for the spaceflight, how she wanted to get students and teachers around the country excited about science and space.  She spoke of how the `new frontier' of space belongs to all of us as the children of earth.  And she told us that she would be returning to teaching after her journey to space, because that was what she loved, and nothing could stop her from doing what she loved.  Of course, tragically, we know that she never had that chance.  Today, we have an opportunity to help make sure that Christa can continue to inspire and instill lessons about science and space.  Even more than three decades after she and the six astronauts perished in the Challenger disaster, we can carry on her legacy by promoting S.T.E.M. learning with this new commemorative coin program named in her memory.  The proceeds will benefit the F.I.R.S.T. Robotics Program, which engages and inspires future generations to become leaders in S.T.E.M. fields.  I hope my colleagues will join me in celebrating Christa's life and building on her legacy by supporting this legislation with strong, bipartisan approval.  Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, if I may inquire how much time I have remaining.  