Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. We have reversed positions, of course. For a number of years now I have had the privilege of having a colloquy with Mr. McCarthy who was then the majority leader. So Mr. Scalise has now undertaken my role, a role probably he didn't welcome, but I know that he will do well as minority whip.  As majority leader I am still here doing the colloquy, and I am proud to be doing it with Mr. Scalise who is an outstanding Member. I congratulate him on his position and look forward to working with him through the years toward trying to create agreement, consensus, and action by the Congress on behalf of the American people.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business with votes postponed until 6:30 p.m.  On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate and noon for legislative business.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business with last votes no later than 3 p.m.  We will consider several bills under suspension of the rules. The complete list of suspensions, as is the natural order, will be announced at the close of business today.  In addition, Mr. Speaker, we will consider H.R. 268 which is the Disaster Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2019. Chairwoman Lowey released this legislation last week. It will provide relief and recovery assistance for Americans affected by recent hurricanes--some of which were historic in their power and devastation--wildfires, typhoons, and other natural disasters.  Mr. Speaker, we will also consider additional legislation related to fiscal year 2019 appropriations.  We are on day 21 of the shutdown. The House Democrats will continue to work so that it comes to an end as soon as possible.  Members will also be advised that additional legislative items are possible. I might add to that, it is possible we will deal with one, two, or three of the appropriation bills that haven't been passed, but it is also quite possible that, hopefully, we will deal with the balance of the appropriation bills which have not been enacted. We will have to see what transpires over the next 24, 48, 72, or 96 hours. Hopefully, we will be able to move forward to get our Federal employees back to work.  