If somebody takes somebody that I care about hostage and says now I want to negotiate with you, it is not a negotiation. That is a demand. That is a ``if you don't do it, I am going to harm people.''  When you said the President of the United States said: This is the last time I am going to open up government, I am going to sign an almost overwhelmingly supported piece of legislation by Republicans and Democrats--George Bush never did that. I don't ever remember Ronald Reagan doing that or George H.W. Bush doing that or Bill Clinton doing that. They did it when it was a close vote, but not when it was overwhelming that we ought to open up the government.  As long as hostages are held by your opponent, you are not negotiating. You are subject to being demanded, ``Do what I say.'' That is not the democratic process, and it is harming, literally, millions, tens of millions of people in the process in order to get his way. I have not seen that before.  The other two shutdowns were legislative shutdowns. There is no doubt this is an executive shutdown, and you just said it: I will never sign something like this again unless it gives me what I want.  Frankly, that is what we saw in the negotiations over the 3 days we were there. The last day, of course, was about a 10-minute day because the President stomped out.  Mr. Scalise, all I can tell you is I share your view of the objective, but because we don't agree with the same ways and means to accomplish that objective, shutting down government ought not to be the alternative. The alternative ought to be to keep talking and getting to a place where I think you and I both want to get, where these borders are secure, where people are not being transported across it for human trafficking purposes, where murderers don't come across the border.  But there is a surge right now across our border, and that surge is of mostlymothers and children seeking asylum, coming to ports of entry--not across any fences or borders, coming to ports of entry. The border guards are telling us they are turning themselves in. They want to, because they are seeking refuge from a country that has purported to be a country of refuge, that raises a statue in New York Harbor to send that message. But we need to make them known to us when they come into the country. We agree on that.  So, rather than all this rhetoric back and forth, Mr. Speaker, it is a simple proposition. Senator McConnell has said, unless the President says he will sign on opening up the government, he won't put it on the floor. That is the only person who is stopping you, because we have sent bills.  Mr. Cole of your side said: I don't like the bills because they are only Senate bills. We don't like them either, but we like, less, government being shut down. We like, less, 800,000 people being put at risk. We like, less, the anxiety that we are causing our Federal employees in terms of the financial stability of their homes and their ability to put food on their tables and pay their mortgage and pay their rent.  Surely--surely--we ought to be able to come to agreement that that is not what we ought to inflict to get our way. I hope we open up our government.  