 Of course not. I didn't make that assertion. Don't put it in my mouth.  My friend has every right, not only the President, but every citizen has the right to repair to the courts of the United States for redress of their grievances and the pressing of their case, period. The President has that right.  I never asserted that the President ought to be impeached on that basis, nor do I assert it now, nor do we assert it in our articles which have yet to be voted on, so we will see what they do on that vote.  But let me remind the gentleman and let me remind Mr. Speaker of the House, we had a vote in 2017, we had a vote in 2018, and we had a vote in 2019. Those votes were on whether or not we ought to move Articles of Impeachment forward to impeach the President of the United States. I voted ``no'' on each one of those votes. Over 60 percent of the Democrats voted ``no'' on each one, some higher, on each one of those votes in '17, '18, and '19.  So when you assert, Mr. Speaker, that somehow the Democrats were just frothing at the bit to impeach the President--I don't want to impeach this President. I wish this would pass from us. No one ran for Congress to impeach the President of the United States. But no one ought to shirk their responsibility.  I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, my belief is that there is not a single Republican in this House, not one, confronted with these facts against President Obama who wouldn't have voted to impeach President Obama--not one of the minority. I am convinced to my bones, and I have been here a long time and served with a lot of people, that not one of them would have voted against either one of these articles if President Obama had done the same fact pattern with the same evidence. Not one of the minority would have voted against one of these articles.  That is my view, Mr. Speaker, but we will see.  I said this morning, quoting the papers, that we are not whipping this. This is not about whipping some partisan vote. This is about each Member having to decide for themselves, with their conscience, with their moral values, and with their oath of office to defend and protect the Constitution of the United States, whether or not--and my friend quotes one witness, one constitutional expert. Three constitutional experts said, if you do not move forward on impeachment, effectively, the executive power will be unchecked and you will create a king, not a President.  Three times this Congress said: We are not going forward. But then, on July 25, a phone call occurred in which this President clearly said to an ally to whom we wanted to give $391 million to defend himself and his people and his country, but withheld because: I would like you to do me a favor.  That favor was not to help America, and that favor was not to clean up corruption, because he already had certified by his departments that they had met that criteria. It was, as the evidence is almost uncontroverted, to help him in the coming election and to undermine somebody he perceived to be one of his, if not the, principal opponent.  This is a heavy decision this Congress and this House will have to make, and each one of us will have to make it. Let us hope that each one of us makes it honestly and unrelated to politics or party, but related to patriotism and oath of office.  