They don't have fancy college educations, and they don't have fancy skills, but they are needed in our economy. They are needed to do things that the community needs done. When you go to a hotel, you hope that bed is made up. You hope the bathrooms are clean. When you go to the grocery store, you hope that the peas and corn have been picked.  We believe that those folks are necessary for our community and need to be paid a decent wage, just as we think they need to be safe. I am glad the gentleman agrees on that. I thought he did.  But my point, Madam Speaker, is that there is an analogy here to safety, to hours, to working conditions, and yes, to wages.  I don't know that the party that the gentleman represents has ever offered an increase in the minimum wage. I am going to check on that. I don't know. Since I have been here, they have not. It has always been us offering the increase.  President George Bush, to his credit, signed the Fair Minimum Wage Act in 2007, which was still less than it was in 1968. As a matter of fact, it is 40 percent less today than it was in 1968. Workers are being paid 40 percent less.  Lastly, I will say, Madam Speaker, one thing our party agrees with is that men and women have a right to come together and bargain collectively for their wages, their working conditions, and their benefits. They need to be on some degree of parity because we know that with big employers, and even small employers, individuals are not on parity. They either do this or don't, and if there are no rules, then people are subjected, in my view and in my observation, to unfair tactics that they have no defense against other than us.  I say to my friend, I think he and I agree on hours, hopefully, the age at which people can work certain hours, and on safety conditions in workplaces. I am not sure about bargaining collectively in unions. I think they are critical to the creation of a middle class and the maintenance of a strong middle class. We also very strongly believe in the free market system.  I could pick out one or two of your Members who may have some differences of agreement. I won't mention any names, but I can think of some names on the gentleman's side of the aisle. I am sure the gentleman can as well and, in fact, does disagree, from his perspective, with some people on my side of the aisle. But we intend to continue to be very supportive of building jobs.  My friend knows that I have an agenda. I call it Make It In America. It is about growing jobs, growing enterprises, helping entrepreneurs, and making sure that people have good wages and a good future through the free enterprise system.  