Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I hesitate to respond because this is a circular discussion.  Mr. Scalise and the Republican party, at the behest of Mr. Trump, need to get tougher. They can't mention the facts. The facts are known by the transcript the President sent down here. Again, not a transcript, a report of a telephone call, the statement of the ambassador, I think, a former U.S. marine.  They don't want to talk about the facts. I get that. So we can go around and around in circles.  And I will tell you, to have eight hearings on Benghazi? Don't give me this Trey Gowdy allowed this to happen and that to happen. It was the eighth hearing you Republicans had on that one subject, eight, and you never got the result you wanted, so you just kept doing it over and over and over. Getting the same result. We all know that quote.  There are going to be public hearings, Mr. Speaker, but they are going to be public hearings when the witnesses can't check one another, can't give one story and then parrot the other story that was said.  And Ambassador Sondland, of course. I don't know that he was our friend. Hewas the President's friend, big contributor, special envoy to the European Union, but apparently doing part-time work in Ukraine along with Mr. Giuliani.  The facts are going to come out, Mr. Speaker. And they are going to try to say, oh, the process. You are going to have public hearings, Mr. Schiff has said so. He said so in his letter.  And you are going to have to answer the question: Do I believe that the conduct that has been pursued by the President of the United States, if he were a Democrat, would I believe that was right? That is the question you're going to have to answer. It is going to be a tough question for your side because the facts almost every day are mounting up.  So I want to urge my friend, let's conclude this discussion, because I am not going to agree with you, and you are not going to agree with me.  But ultimately the American people--and those 236 million people you talk about, there is not going to be any indictment, there is not going to be any impeachment, unless 218 of us in this body vote. And we are all going to vote. It is not going to be any Star Chamber. Everybody is going to have to vote.  And then they are going to have to answer to their constituents, did I vote my conscience, or did I vote my politics?  