Cummings, and I also thank Mr. Hurd, who, if hewas in the leadership, this shutdown would not be happening, and if he were in the leadership, this bill would not be required. I thank him for bringing it to the floor with Mr. Cummings. I also thank him for his leadership in trying to get this government open.  Madam Speaker, the 800,000 Federal employees affected by this shutdown deserve to know that they will be paid once it ends.  I was with a veteran at a veterans organization last night who told me the highest incident of veteran suicide is brought about by financial instability, fear of being unable to pay their bills, fear of being unable to support their families, fear of being unable to pay their mortgage. That is what this bill is about, to give confidence and stability to those who work for us, who work for the American people. That is why this bill is coming to the floor.  I congratulate Senators Warner and Kaine from Virginia, and Senators Cardin and Van Hollen from Maryland, for shepherding this legislation through the United States Senate.  Normally, I would be proud to bring this bill to the floor, but none of us should be proud that this bill is necessary. No one should have to go without a paycheck just because the President thinks he can bully Congress into giving him what he wants, taking them hostage in return for a ransom of agreeing with him.  The American people and the hardworking Federal employees who serve them should not be held hostage until they give their hard-earned tax dollars to pay for an expensive and ineffective border wall for which the President promised Mexico would pay.  So here we are, Madam Speaker, 21 days into what is now the longest shutdown in our history, with 800,000 Americans missing their paychecks today because of Donald Trump. How shameful, how sad.  I hope all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in supporting this bill, and I thank both parties for bringing this bill forward. It was a bipartisan bill in the Senate, and I am sure it will be a bipartisan bill here, because it is not whether you agree with the shutdown, it is whether you agree to being fair to our Federal employees. It is about whether you recognize and value the service and contribution of our Federal workers.  I am proud, Madam Speaker, to represent 62,000 Federal employees. I am proud to represent them, and I am proud of the work they do. They deserve better, frankly, than what they have gotten from the Congress over the last 8 years of the Republican majority.  I made the point a little earlier today that this is a strategy, shutting down government. The government was shut down 10 times between 1981, when I came here, and 1995, an average shutdown of 1.9 days because you couldn't reach agreement--it was going back and forth, but the government was open--but not a strategy to hold hostage for many, many days and weeks our Federal employees until the other side did what you told them was absolutely essential for them to do or you were going to hold hostages.  They deserve better than this shutdown, as do the millions of Americans impacted by the lack of services provided by these Federal employees.  This bill would provide a permanent solution to this problem, not only providing for backpay during this shutdown, but guaranteeing that Federal employees will get paid if any future shutdowns occur.  I might also observe, although it is not in this bill, it will be our intention, and I look forward to working with Mr. Hurd on this, that there are State, county, and municipal employees also impacted who rely on the flow of Federal funds to pay their salaries that we will address, hopefully, in the future. I look forward to working with Mr. Cummings and Mr. Hurd toward that end.  Meanwhile, Democrats will keep working. We will keep working to end the current shutdown. And I call once more on Leader McConnell and President Trump to do their part and reopen the people's government.  