Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments.  The gentleman, of course, just voted against funding the Department of Homeland Security, as did his colleagues.  The gentleman proudly said that all of his colleagues--and not all of his colleagues voted against it--but he voted against opening up the Department of Homeland Security. He voted against paying the personnel in Department of Homeland Security. Yet, he cites them as experts who have given us advice, and why don't we follow that advice.  But, Mr. Speaker, the minority party doesn't have enough respect for them to open up the government, open up the Department of Homeland Security, pay the people who are protecting our border, pay the people who are processing paperwork for those border security guards, pay the people who are answering the phones, pay the people whom we ask to protect our borders, and then laments that somehow we are not coming up with a number.  Open up this government, Mr. Speaker.  And, yes, I used the word, ``hostage''; and, yes, I used the word, ``ransom.'' And, yes, I believe there are two people, and a lot of complicit people, with this government being shut down and with the pain and suffering that we are imposing on our employees. Anybody who thinks Democrats are responsible for that doesn't know what is happening.  I am very concerned about the President being able to communicate with the American people. The historic, greatest tweeter of all time. You can't get away from hearing what the President has to say, every morning, every afternoon, and every evening. He has plenty of time.  And, by the way, the President said: Yes, I am not going to give the State of the Union until the government is open. He just said that, just a few hours ago.  Open up this government.  And for anybody who watches the votes on this floor, watched that we voted unanimously to open up DHS; we voted unanimously to open up the other departments of government; we voted unanimously to make sure that the people are being served by their government agencies.  And, Mr. Speaker, again, I understand Mr. Scalise and I have a difference. When the Speaker of the House John Boehner brought a bill to the floor when the government was shut down to open it up, Mr. Scalise voted ``no''; and the other person who voted ``no'' is Mr. Mulvaney, who is now the chief of staff.  I get that. They think shutting down the government is not a bad option to try to force the other side to agree with them or to pay their ransom.  Yes, I use those words. And, actually, if either one of us adopts that as an acceptable alternative in the negotiation process, this country is in real trouble--real trouble.  And so we ought to open up the government, and then, yes, we can sit down, and, yes, we will resolve this.  But my friend's great angst--he did not mention why it took them 11-2/3 months while they were in charge last year. They didn't offer a bill until they were about to walk out the door and be the minority. Mr. Speaker, 11 months and 20 days, no Homeland Security bill was brought to this floor. I don't know why. My supposition is they didn't have the votes, but I wasn't counting on their side.  Mr. Speaker, I have been to probably 37 or 38 States of the Union. Never was the government shut down. This shutdown is not only of historic length, it is of historic irresponsibility and historic danger to our country, to our people, to our national security, and to our economy.  Let's vote to open up this government, and then let's resolve the differences that we have in the way democracies resolve differences: by discussion, by debate, and by votes.  