 We have done the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which had been pending for some period of time in making that a permanent piece of legislation.  We made sure that women--in 1963, we passed the Equal Pay Act. John Kennedy signed it. Unfortunately, we are still struggling to make sure that that promise is realized and that women are, in fact, paid based upon what they do, not based upon what their gender is.  So I would say to my friend, we have passed a lot of legislation we had pending, and we are doing a lot of hearings. We are dealing with infrastructure. We are dealing with drug prices. We made it a big issue in the campaign. We are moving ahead to make sure the Affordable Care Act works in a way that it was designed to work.  So I would say to my friend that we have pursued, both on the floor and in committee, the substantive legislation that we have talked to the American people about.  I also feel very strongly that we want to avoid what happened to us at the end of the last Congress, when you were in the majority. We shut down the government.  I am going to be working hard, hopefully on both sides of the aisle. I don't think anybody wants to see that as an objective, so I am hopeful that we can work together.  I am working with your ranking member on the Appropriations Committee, Kay Granger, with whom I have served for some period of time, and Mrs. Lowey to make sure that we get the appropriation bills done in a timely fashion and send them to the Senate.  I am hopeful that that will occur, and I am hopeful that we can fund the government in a rational way and not shut down government, which was so irrational and so harmful to our country and so costly to our taxpayers.  So those are some of the things that we have done, are doing, and will do; and, hopefully, we can, to some degree, work on this in as bipartisan a fashion as possible.  In particular, the President has said he wants to bring the cost of prescription drugs down. We share that view. I am hopeful that we can work together.  The President said he wants a substantial infrastructure piece of legislation. We share that view. We hope we can work together on that.  So we have been pursuing, on a weekly basis; and this was, from our perspective, a pretty good week. I know we disagree on the net neutrality bill, but we do agree that it is a major piece of legislation, and I expect to pass that next week as well.  