Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I didn't want to get into this debate, and I don't want to prolong it, but I do not want the premises articulated by the whip, Mr. Speaker, to stand unobjected to.  In my view, Mr. Speaker, the Mueller report is replete with instances of cooperation by members of the Trump team with the Russians, page after page after page. As a matter of fact, one of them was Page, of collusion.  Now, ``collusion'' is not a legal term. ``Conspiracy'' is the legal term. Mr. Mueller said we didn't look at collusion because it was not a legal premise.  In fact, Mr. Mueller made it very clear that the reason they didn't find criminal wrongdoing was because they believed, under Justice Department rules, a President cannot be indicted during the course of his term. They did not absolve him.  Whether it was obstruction of justice, using a foreign government that is, essentially, not our ally, not our friend, or meeting with Putin secretly and not allowing the American people or the Congress to know what was said, my friend's premise that there is no smoke, no fire, is wrong.  Very frankly, as someone who has served here a long time and who has seen some of the most irresponsible attacks on the President during the Obama administration--hearings, over and over and over again. A tragedy in Benghazi--seven hearings, seven hearings, all concluded nothing there, so they had an eighth hearing.  The gentleman talks about Judiciary. Eight hearings on Benghazi, four lives lost tragically, with an attempt over and over and over again to be made a political issue. The eighth found nothing there either.  When I see this wringing of hands, Mr. Speaker, I am not impressed. I have been here for a long time. I have seen irresponsible action, and the American people have seen it.  The Judiciary Committee is doing what it pledged to do when they all raised their hands to defend and support the Constitution of the United States of America.  The President would like us to think everything is fake news. The gentleman hasn't used ``fake news'' but ``the witch hunt.''  ``Poor me. I am the victim of all these people,'' when, daily, the President says things that are demonstrably not true.  Mr. Speaker, the Judiciary Committee will continue to pursue its duties, as it needs to do.  