 The other thing: ``There's a lot of talk about Biden's son, that Biden stopped the prosecution and a lot of people want to find out about that.'' So: ``Biden went around bragging that he stopped the prosecution, so if you can look into it''--that doesn't sound to me like the 2016 election--``if you can look into it, it sounds horrible to me.''  What do you mean he doesn't mention Biden? I will give you a copy of this, if you would like, if you want to read the whole--I have read the whole thing.  What do you think Giuliani was talking about? 2016? No.  Two of his compatriots, of course, million-dollar bail; the Ambassador, fired. Why? Because she wouldn't cooperate with making a foreign leader complicit in the elections of the United States of America. She had the courage to come testify, as did the security adviser for Russia from the White House in this administration.  Now, frankly, Madam Speaker, I don't think this is the time to argue the case. The time continues to be finding out the facts, finding out the facts. And those facts, every day, are more instructive, whether it is Mr. Giuliani, the President's lawyer, who was substituted, Madam Speaker, for the State Department--a private State department.  The gentleman still hasn't answered my question: Is it appropriate? I want a favor. And oh, by the way, the Bidens, you know, that Hunter Biden and Joe Biden, you really ought to look at them.  Everybody who has looked at this has said, including the present prosecutor--or the recently present. I don't think he still is the prosecutor, but the subsequent prosecutor said: We looked at this. Nothing there. Nothing there.  That wasn't acceptable, of course, to the President of the United States, so he kept beating on it. And he had $391 million needed by our Ukrainian friends to defend themselves against the Russians, otherwise known as Putin.  Maybe Putin didn't want that money to go to Russia, to go to Ukraine, Madam Speaker.  We just did a resolution for which Mr. Scalise voted, and that resolution essentially said that the actions taken the other day by the President in a phone call with the authoritarian leader of Ukraine helped Russia, helped Iran, helped Syria----  