Let them pass whatever bill they want; we will go to conference. We have our position; they have their position. It is led by your party. They haven't passed a single bill.  You talk about getting a 302(b). We sent them an offer 30 days ago. We haven't heard any response. Your party runs that.  You want to pass those bills? You think they are wonderful bills? Tell Mitch McConnell: Pass those bills and send them over here. Let's see what we do with them.  We have a two-House legislature. Madam Speaker, the Republicans control the Senate. Let them pass a bill.  You say everybody is for it? Then it ought to pass. But don't say Democrats aren't passing. We passed appropriations bills. We have passed substantive bills on prescription drugs. We have passed substantive bills on healthcare. We have passed substantive bills on education. We have passed a substantive bill on the environment. We have passed climate change protection. We have passed lots of bills.  Now, if they don't like those bills, pass their own bills and send them over here, Madam Speaker. We will have a conference, and we will try to resolve it. That is how the legislative process works.  Don't say that we have to do your work and our work. We have a perspective, exactly as you did when you were in the majority, and you jammed us over and over again.  We are not trying to jam you. You had a perspective; we had a perspective. You passed your perspective. You knew the President of the United States, when it was President Obama, that he wasn't going to sign those. You knew the Senate wasn't going to pass them. Your position was, however: No, that is our position. We have a right to do that.  You were right. You had a right to do that.  But you want to deny us that right, like you want to deny us following your rules that you say are unfair.  Madam Speaker, I don't get it. We have done our work. We will continue to do our work. We will continue to do our work on both sides of the ledger, doing our constitutional duty and doing our legislative duty, which may be one and the same.  