Speaker, I appreciate the comments, and I understand the deep concern. We have deep concern on this side of the aisle about the administration's attitude, for instance, when they take children from their parents and send them to far-off places and don't keep sufficient records to reunite those children.  So, yes, we share the concern about the humanitarian crisis, but we are also concerned that the administration that has done some of the things that it has done and that has made it much more difficult for people to pursue asylum to which they may be entitled under American law, we want to make sure that, in fact, we are dealing with humanitarian issues that the gentleman raises and not issues that seem to be related by this administration.  We have cause for concern and we have cause for caution, but I am hopeful, as I said, that we can get this done, because I don't disagree with the gentleman, and The New York Times and we don't disagree.  There is a very serious challenge at the border to make sure that people are safe, kept in places where they are warm and out of the elements and where they can be treated in a way that Americans would want to treat others and would want to be treated themselves. So I am hopeful that we will get this done sooner rather than later.  But Mr. Obama asked for that supplemental. The other thing he asked for for many, many years was let's get a comprehensive immigration bill passed. In my view, had that been put on the floor, it would have had a majority of votes in the House. It was never put on the floor for years--not months and not days, for years. That is part of the solution. Irrespective of that, we need to act as soon as possible, hopefully, within the week.  Much work is being done on this to resolve the concerns of those who have some of the most knowledge, and that is members of our Hispanic Caucus who live on the border, who interface on the border and who see, every day, the consequences of what is happening. They want to make sure that, yes, there is humanitarian assistance and people are treated humanely, safely, and with respect. But they don't want that money used to treat other people who are in this country in an arbitrary and capricious way.  So I want to join the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, and assure him that I share his concern. We are urging everybody to work as hard as they possibly can to get to an agreement, and I am hopeful that we can do that in the very, very near future. I am told leaving here without doing that would not be acceptable.  