Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, while I regret that the gentleman opposes the rule, I appreciate his bipartisanship and his hope, which I share, that we will proceed in a fashion that will make the American people proud. Very frankly, we can be proud of ourselves for accomplishing that which the American people want accomplished.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend from Massachusetts, Mr. Jim McGovern, the chairman of the Rules Committee, to complete our side of the argument. He has done such an extraordinary job in putting these rules together.  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the majority leader for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, a rules package may seem like some arcane technicality, a simple legislative move on the opening day of a Congress, but it is really much more than that. This is our first opportunity to declare what kind of institution this House will be. I am proud that, through collaboration and conversation, we have drafted a rules package that boldly declares that it is a new day for Congress.  This package reflects the diversity of our new majority. Ideas are included here from Members that represent urban and rural parts of the country, longtime leaders and those who have taken the oath of office for the very first time today. We come from different backgrounds and have been elected here on different platforms. But each of us shares the same goal: making this place work again, not just function better legislatively, though that is important, but also respond more urgently to the needs of the people that we represent.  That is why this rules package sets up consideration of H.R. 1, historic reforms to clean up money in politics. It creates the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis. It strengthens representation by giving voting rights to Delegates and the Resident Commissioner in the Committee of the Whole and ensures that they can be appointed to joint committees. It prohibits Members and staff from serving on boards of publicly traded companies. It eliminates CutGo and creates the first ever diversity office. I can go on and on and on.  This rules package isn't some totally partisan document. It includes ideas from my friends on the other side of the aisle, too, because when I said at the start of this process that I wanted to hear from all Members, I meant it. Good ideas were included here regardless of what side of the aisle they come from. Changes like creating a Consensus Calendar to move ideas with broad support more quickly to the floor, reforming the motion to vacate the Chair, and striking the 3-day rule for committee markups are here because we took such a collaborative approach, and this package is stronger for it.  Make no mistake, no one abandoned their principles. I am a progressive, and I know the Republican minority would never agree with me on priorities like healthcare or the environment. There are things here I know they wouldn't put in their own package. But in talking to each other to see where we agreed, there was actually agreement on many legislative reforms.  I know that there are many Members here who will think of more ideas for how to improve this place, and I want to hear them, and our leadership does, too. That is why we are creating a truly bipartisan Select Committee on Modernizing Congress, so our efforts don't stop here today. These conversations can continue, and good ideas can keep moving forward.  There has never been a process like this to develop a rules package. This has been unprecedented, and we have a historic set of reforms here as a result. They send a signal to the American people and Members here that the 116th Congress will be different, that it is a new era, that we are abandoning procedures that didn't work, and we are adopting new ideas.  This Democratic majority is giving all Members a voice. We are listening to the American people, and we are holding this administration accountable. This will be a more accommodating institution as a result, a more responsive House and a place that looks more like the real world.  That is what is at the heart of what we are debating. Right here, on day one, we have a chance to vote to be a different kind of Congress, one that turns the page on the past and charts a new course.  The American people demanded a new direction by a 10 million vote margin. I know my colleagues in the majority want to see one, too, and even some of my Republican friends acknowledge that something has to change, so this is our chance. I strongly urge my colleagues to take this opportunity. Let's vote for this rules package and give Members and the American people the Congress that they deserve.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  