Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Members are advised that no votes are expected in the House on Monday. Again, no votes on Monday, but we will do legislative business. We will be debating suspension bills, and the votes will be rolled until the following day.  On Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Let me stress that so that every Member understands. We normally go in at noon for a schedule like this on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, but we will be going in at 9 a.m. on those days, as well as Friday.  Members are advised that the first votes of the week on Tuesday are expected between 9 and 10. Again, I want to emphasize that, although we do not have any votes on Monday night, we expect Tuesday to be a full workday, so Members really ought to come into town on Monday.  We will consider several bills, Mr. Speaker, under suspension of the rules. The complete list of suspensions will be announced by the close of business tomorrow.  As Members know, the current continuing resolution expires on December 20. The House will consider some appropriation measures. Hopefully, and my expectation is, they are making progress in the Appropriations Committee on coming to a resolution on the 12 appropriation bills.  It is my hope that we will consider those appropriation bills on the floor on Tuesday, perhaps a series of minibus packages to fund all of government for the remainder of the fiscal year.  I would urge all of my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to doeverything they can in the next 24 hours, frankly, to bring this matter to a close and agreement so that the staff will have an opportunity to put the bills together for consideration next week.  This week, negotiators were able to reach an agreement on a new trade agreement. The Republican whip has been asking me about that agreement. I have assured him we wanted to get to yes, and we have gotten to yes. We are pleased at that, this trade agreement with Canada and Mexico.  It is possible that the USMCA trade agreement could be brought to the floor next week. The only reason it is possible and not assured is the administration is working on submitting implementing legislation to the Congress. My presumption is they will have that legislation to us in the relatively near term. It will be, therefore, available for consideration next week.  This week, the House Judiciary Committee began markup, as the House knows and the country knows, of two Articles of Impeachment. Following committee action on these articles, the Judiciary Committee will make a recommendation to the full House of Representatives. We will determine a path forward on the floor following that recommendation.  Lastly, Mr. Speaker, as is always the case in the last week, at least the last scheduled week of a session, there may well be other pieces of legislation that will ripen for consideration and that may well be considered next week. We will announce those as soon as we know which, if any, bills qualify for that treatment.  