Speaker, we brought a bill to the floor that the gentleman spoke about that prohibited pay for delay, prohibited drug companies from paying generics not to bring their drugs to the market so that drug prices would be lower for consumers.  Mr. Speaker, of the 194 Republicans, maybe even 98 Republicans--I don't know how many were elected at that point in time--5 of them voted for it, 190 voted against it.  Mr. Scalise also said that we wanted to protect that no one with a preexisting condition would be denied healthcare. Five Republicans voted forthat bill. Six years, the Republicans, Mr. Speaker, were in charge, totally. There was no effort to bring a bill to this floor to bring drug prices down. And, in fact, Americans know drug prices didn't come down. The President was a Republican, the House was Republican, the Senate was Republican. They didn't bring a bill to the floor, Mr. Speaker.  Two of the three proposals in our bill are also in the Grassley bill.  And, Mr. Speaker, we are going to have regular order. We have introduced a bill, it is going to go to committee, it is going to be subject to amendment, it is going to be subject to debate, it is going to be subject to hearings.  Now, we will see whether it is a bipartisan process. Because, very frankly, the record of bipartisanship when the Republicans were in charge is pretty absent.  Of the 19 major bills that we passed, we got 618 Republican votes, so they weren't too partisan. Now, admittedly, about 400 of those votes were on four bills that went through this place in a very bipartisan fashion.  So I would hope that we see bipartisanship when the committee marks up this bill, and we will do what the President says he wants to do. We will see whether he supports that.  They have the Grassley bill and now you have a Democratic bill in our House. They are going to have hearings in the Senate, led by Republicans, Mr. Speaker. We will have hearings here, led by Democrats. But Republicans and Democrats will both participate in those hearings, and it is going to be bipartisan, and we will see whether we can come up with bipartisanship.  But the gentleman continues to want to make some political patina with this, some partisan patina, Mr. Speaker. I asked him, but he didn't respond. He says he hasn't seen the ad. I wish he would look at the ad. It is an egregious piece of political diatribe. But I would hope that he would also urge his Members to work together.  And this business we negotiate for drugs right now, Mr. Speaker, through the Veterans Administration to ensure that our veterans get the best cost they can get. Apparently, that is okay, but doing the same thing, Mr. Speaker, for American consumers of prescription drugs who are not veterans is somehow characterized by the gentleman as government control.  I urge the gentleman to proceed, as he speaks, on a bipartisan basis and see whether or not we can get to an agreement in this House. But we are going to pass something to bring drug prices down for the American consumer because that is what we promised to do, and we are going to do it. We hope we can do it in cooperation with everybody in this House, but we are going to do it.  