Chairman, this bill is unconstitutional. It will stifle American job creation, cripple American innovation. It throws out over 220 years of patent protections for individual inventors and violates the CutGo rules, increasing our deficit by over $1 billion by 2021.  The proponents claim that the bill is constitutional because it contains the word ``inventor'' and leaves in place the existing statutory language awarding patents to those who invent or discover. But adding a word to the title of a bill cannot paper over its constitutional flaws. The bill denies a patent to the actual inventor simply because he or she files second, and therefore it is unconstitutional.  Earlier this month, in a decision issued on June 6, the Supreme Court reaffirmed that since 1790, the patent law has operated on the premise that the rights in an invention belong to the inventor. Chief Justice John Marshall explained in 1813 that the Constitution and law, taken together, give to the inventor from the moment of invention an inchoate property therein which is completed by suing out a patent. And in 1829, the Supreme Court held that under the Constitution the right is created by the invention and not by the patent. And a New York district judge stated in 1826 that it is very true that the right to a patent belongs to him who is the first inventor.  If this very flawed bill passes, I guarantee you it is going to be tied up in litigation for years to come. With the job situation being what it is, with our need for innovation in this economy, the last thing we should do is try to undermine a system that works. More patents are filed in this country than anyplace else in the world. It is dependable. And it is the first right, even before the Bill of Rights, contained in our Constitution.  We should stand for what is in the Constitution and not try to undermine it for any interest that comes before the Members of this Congress.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time and I ask my colleagues to vote against this bill. Support our own Constitution and the very successful record we've had of American innovation.  