 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here today voicing the concerns of America's workers and rise in opposition to the Panama free trade agreement, as well as the South Korean and Colombian.  Like many others, in terms of Panama, I have expressed concerns about Panama's long history of being a tax haven. Supporters of this NAFTA-style trade deal claim that the Tax Information and Exchange Agreement, or TIEA, that Panama ratified in April of this year wiped away decades of secrecy as a tax haven there. We've been told that Panama's recent removal from the OECD's gray list indicates that it's a fresh start.  Well, I ask, when have the promises made in other NAFTA-style trade deals that have brought us these trade deficits since NAFTA was first signed, when have they ever made good on their agreements?  Public Citizen notes that the 2001 Panama tax agreement, called TIEA, includes a major exception, a major exception that allows Panama to reject specific requests if it's contrary to the public policy of Panama. Now, that's an interesting concept for a country that derives a significant national income from activities related to being a tax haven.  Time has proven those who oppose these NAFTA-type trade accords correct. They have all been job losers.  Otherwise, America would have a trade balance, but we have a half a trillion dollar trade deficit. Sure we might sell a few more pork chops and a few more soybeans. But, you know what, overall America loses almost all of its GDP growth simply because the growing trade deficit just squashes down the opportunity for job creation in our country. We've seen millions and millions of jobs outsourced.  Let me say a word about the U.S.-Korea trade agreement. It's modeled after NAFTA too; and, again, it's one of these copy-cat agreements. In the last decade alone, these agreements have cost Americans over 6 million jobs, 55,000 plants have been lost, so many outsourced. I mean, what world do you live in if you don't even understand what's happening with job outsourcing to our country between our borders from Atlantic to Pacific.  