 First of all, let me just say, Congressman Garamendi, it is such a joy to have Congressman Clarke here from the wonderful city of Detroit. I really loved that commercial because I think it captured the struggle of our country through the lens of Detroit and, I might say, Toledo, just a few minutes south of Detroit. It talked about how the city had been to hell and back, and the trials and tribulations that manufacturing in our region has really experienced over the last quarter century.  There is, without a doubt, as Congressman Clarke says, that Detroit was the arsenal of democracy, and it still is. All along I-75, from Detroit down through Toledo, that as you take it down through Ohio and into the areas south, the automobiles, the tanks, all of our overland vehicles, the expeditionary fighting vehicle for the Marine Corps, all of that, the Warren Tank Command, is all along that region.  In Toledo, I have to brag a little bit, my hometown, that toddlin' town, still is, for all intents and purposes, home to the Jeep, the general purpose vehicle for which General Marshall ordered production for our troops in the European and Pacific theaters and we won the war. Rosie the Riveter, she had presence in Toledo, Ohio, at places like Champion Spark Plug where our mom worked, or at then Kaiser Jeep Corporation from which our father retired.  One of the most important challenges we have in this Congress is to have patriotic capitalism, to reward investment in America through our tax code. Not to let outsourcing win, but to let insourcing win, in the way we look at the books here at the national level.  In addition to that, I have a bill to renegotiate NAFTA; because back in 1993, NAFTA gave the green light to globalization and outsourcing, and every other trade agreement that has come down the pike has outsourced more jobs than insourced jobs for us. We got away from making it in America, and in sector after sector, closed markets in Japan, in China, in South Korea snuffed out production here as their production grew. But it has reached a breaking point. It has reached a breaking point in our country.  We have had to, through defense legislation we passed, saved the strategic metals industry, beryllium, titanium, magnesium, all of these important metals, both in defense as well as in the commercial industrial sector we could lose to other places. Our ability to do machine tooling, that was one of the first fights I had in here in the President's investment tax credit for investment in the United States to save the tooling, which is located within 300 miles of Detroit and Toledo. That's what America has. Is it any wonder that unemployment is 9 percent when you have these wacko trade deals that outsource more jobs?  The one bill I haven't mentioned, which is short-term, but we have so many people who are long-term unemployed.  This morning I asked Chairman Bernanke from the Federal Reserve, what do we do with people that want to work in Detroit, in Toledo, in places across this country? And he basically answered the question. I said, ``Please give us your suggestions.'' And he said, ``Well, you know, we ought to tie unemployment compensation to somehow job training so people can be retooled back into the workforce in a very productive way, because I think we could lose the value of the work ethic itself.''  So the issue of training, the issue of education is a very important one, Congressman Garamendi, that you have well outlined there.  