I will place in the Record dozens and dozens of organizations that oppose this bill. They oppose the manager's amendment. And what is amazing about these groups is they range the vast ideological spectrum from liberal to conservative to moderate. And they all represent people--thousands and thousands of people--such as the American Bar Association, the Eagle Forum, the American Civil Rights Union, the Christian Coalition, the Family Research Council Action, Friends of the Earth, National Association of Realtors, Innovation Alliance. If one looks across this list, they have deep concerns about this bill and oppose it.       The following groups oppose H.R. 1249 or specific      provisions of it or the Manager's Amendment: U.S. Business      and Industry Council; National Association of Realtors;      Innovation Alliance, American Bar Association; American      Medical Association; ACLU; Breast Cancer Action; US-Israel      Science & Technology Foundation (Sections 3 and 5); Public      Citizen (Section 16); American Association for Justice      (Section 16); Joan Claybrook, President Emeritus, Public      Citizen; National Consumers League; Trading Technologies;      Patent Office Professional Association (POPA); Generic      Pharmaceutical Association (Section 12); Eagle Forum;      Intellectual Ventures (Section 18); Data Treasury (Section      18).       Angel Venture Forum; BlueTree Allied Angels; Huntsville      Angel Network; Private Investors in Entrepreneurial      Endeavors; Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers      (IEEE-USA); Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation; Brigham      Young University; University of Kentucky; Hispanic Leadership      Fund; American Innovators for Patent Reform; National      Association of Patent Practitioners (NAPP); National Small      Business Association; IPAdvocate.org; National Association of      Seed & Venture Funds; National Congress of Inventor      Organizations; Inventors Network of the Capital Area;      Professional Inventors Alliance USA; Public Patent      Foundation; Edwin Meese, III, Former Attorney General of the      United States; Let Freedom Ring.       American Conservative Union; Southern Baptist Ethics and      Religious Liberty Convention; 60 Plus; Tradition, Family,      Property; Gun Owners of America; Council for America;      American Civil Rights Union; Christian Coalition; Patriotic      Veterans, Inc.; Center for Security Policy; Family PAC      Federal; Liberty Central; Americans for Sovereignty;      Association of Christian Schools International; Conservative      Inclusion Coalition; Oregon Health & Science University;      North Dakota State University; South Dakota University;      University of Akron Research Foundation; University of New      Hampshire.       University of New Mexico; University of Utah; University of      Wyoming; Utah Valley University; Weber State University;      WeReadTheConstitution.com; Family Research Council Action;      Friends of the Earth; National Women's Health Network; Our      Bodies Ourselves; Center for Genetics and Society;      International Center for Technology Assessment; Southern      Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission; United      Methodist Church--General Board of Church and Society;      American Society for Clinical Pathology; American Society for      Investigational Pathology; Association for Molecular      Pathology; College of American Pathologists; Association of      Pathology Chairs.  