 President, Yesterday's horrific and tragic events were much more than a carefully planned terrorist attack against the United States. The slaughter of innocent civilians, the total destruction of the World Trade Center, and the significant damage to the Pentagon by hijacked commercial airplanes were a brutal and outright assault on America, and all humanity.  Make no mistake, our country is at war, and this Congress should consider a formal declaration. The world must understand that America will respond with the overwhelming force and conviction that her citizens demand and expect. Let me be clear: America will identify those responsible for yesterday's violence, and they will be destroyed. There shall be no mercy.  America is at war against fanatics who appear threatened by our freedoms, prosperity, and respect for the rule of law. In the past, this war was undeclared, but undeniable. The American lives lost in the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center, the terrorist attacks against U.S. facilities in Kenya and Tanzania, and the more recent assault against the U.S.S. Cole serve as concrete evidence of the ongoing and escalating battle.  As we sift through the rubble of buildings and comfort those whose lives have been shattered, America stands as a strong and united Nation. The shocking events of yesterday did not weaken or undermine the foundations of our democracy, foundations that were forged over two hundred years ago and have been continuously strengthened throughout our history. We fought for our freedoms then, and we will continue to defend them now. Whatever the political objectives of yesterday's terrorists, they have failed. And the extent of their failure will become abundantly clear in the coming days.  America did not seek this conflict, but we will not shy away from our responsibility to protect life and liberty. Nations that harbor or shelter terrorists must also be treated as terrorists themselves. A declaration of war would make clear to the world that the United States will no longer stand for violence against innocent men, women, and children be they in midtown Manhattan or Murray, Kentucky.  As the world's sole superpower, we bear an awesome responsibility to assist those democracies with shared values and strategic interests. These nations, in turn, bear a responsibility to support the United States in times of emergency. Israel, a nation long at war against some of the very radicals who may be responsible for yesterday's death and destruction, has already pledged to join arms with the U.S. in the struggle against fanaticism. We should embrace Israel's offer, and enlist the assistance of other democracies in what may be a long and difficult war.  In the days, weeks, and years to come, America, alone, or with her allies will take action to prevent and lessen the opportunities for such carnage to occur in the future. These measures should include: (1) reassessing and improving intelligence operations and capabilities that must provide early warning to deter terrorist attacks at home and abroad; (2) identifying terrorist organizations worldwide and actively subverting their capabilities and very existence; (3) reassessing and improving airport security and the integrity of aircraft cockpits; (4) enhancing security and emergency response procedures for America's most vulnerable targets, including mass transit systems and historic or symbolic sights; (5) increasing citizen awareness of suspicious activities; (6) restricting assistance and imposing sanctions against those countries harboring terrorists; and, (7) investing in the promotion of democracy and the rule of law abroad.  Once before in our history, America was the target of a surprise and deadly attack. As with Pearl Harbor, violence has been met with resolve and common purpose to defeat the enemies of our Nation. As in December 1941, our Nation is led by capable and dedicated leaders who are up to the task of responding to terrorist attacks, both foreign and domestic. President Bush and the Administration know full well that they have the support and backing of the American people.  On December 8, 1941, President Franklin Roosevelt addressed the Nation on ``America's Answers to Japan's Challenge.'' His words ring true nearly six decades later: ``When we resort to force, as now we must, we are determined that this force shall be directed toward ultimate good as well against immediate evil. We Americans are not destroyers, we are builders. . . . We aregoing to win the war and we are going to win the peace that follows.''  The dark minutes and hours of yesterday failed to bring our country to its knees. America's strength is its diverse people, just institutions, and shared values. No terrorist attack will ever extinguish the flames of freedom and democracy.  