 President, I commend my friend from Pennsylvania for his understanding of the dilemma in which we find ourselves. The underlying bill, in the opinion of this Senator, will dramatically weaken the parties' ability to get their message out. By definition, this will only increase the power of third party groups who already outspend the parties by a factor of two to one.  I commend the Senator from Pennsylvania for his efforts to create a fair and balanced approach by restricting outside groups as well as parties. A year and a half or so ago, when this issue was last on the floor, the Senator from Pennsylvania cast, in my view, a very principled vote by joining me in opposition to cloture on McCain-Feingold at that time because McCain-Feingold at that particular year was only a party soft money ban. The Senator from Pennsylvania expressed his concern that by not passing anything that impacted outside groups, we would put the parties at a particular disadvantage. What he is doing today is entirely consistent with the vote he cast back in 1999 on a party soft money ban only.  The problem with the solution my friend from Pennsylvania proposed is that it can't be accomplished without violating the First Amendment. This is clear from case law. Senator Specter's amendment would allow the Government to regulate the speech of citizens groups far beyond the constitutionally permissible express advocacy by including speech which a person believes is candidate advocacy.  In the first place, this formulation seems fine. But the problem is that reasonable people can, and often do,disagree on a speaker's intent. When it comes to political speech--the core of the First Amendment--we can't tolerate such uncertainty.  Indeed, the Supreme Court, in Buckley versus Valeo, recognized this fact and therefore rejected a test for speech regulation that went beyond express advocacy. Specifically, in Buckley, it was noted that:       Whether words intended and designed to fall short of      invitation would miss that ``mark,'' [and by that ``mark'',      Mr. President, the court meant some form of candidate      advocacy] is a question of both intent and of effect. No      speaker, in such circumstances, safely could assume that      anything he might say upon the general subject would not be      understood by some as an invitation [to vote for or against a      candidate]. In short, the supposedly clear-cut distinction      between discussion, laudation, general advocacy, and      solicitation puts the speaker in these circumstances wholly      at the mercy of the varied understanding of his hearers and      consequently of whatever influence may be drawn as to his      intent and meaning. Such a distinction offers no security for      free discussion. In these conditions it blankets with      uncertainty whatever may be said. It compels the speaker to      hedge and trim.  Mr. President, an illustration might be helpful. In 1996, the National Right to Life Committee ran an ad strongly criticizing President Clinton for vetoing Congress's ban on partial-birth abortion. Senator Specter might very reasonably conclude that this was a form of candidate opposition. Knowing the passion that Right to Life has on this issue, I, however, might just as reasonably conclude that these efforts were an ad by a citizens group to rally public and/or official opinion about an issue of the utmost concern to it in order to convince Congress to override the veto.  The reason why this very reasonable difference of opinion between my friend and me on this ad is so critical is that if I am the Government regulator, Right to Life gets to speak. But if my friend from Pennsylvania is the speech regulator, Right to Life doesn't get to speak. And because National Right to Life or the Sierra Club, or the ACLU or whomever, knows that speech, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder, it will be chilled from speaking. This is a result that we don't want in a democracy. We don't want the ``marketplace of ideas'' to be bereft of commodities.  I commend my friend for his understanding of the dilemma and for his good intentions; but I strongly disagree with him, however, on the proposed solution.  The problem with relying on Furgatch, the case to which Senator Specter referred, besides the fact that it is at odds with about two dozen other cases, is that the Ninth Circuit in Furgatch failed to cite the Supreme Court's decision in Federal Election Commission v. Massachusetts Citizens For Life, which was decided a mere 3 weeks before Furgatch. In Massachusetts Citizens For Life, the Supreme Court squarely affirmed its express advocacy test from the Buckley case. It seems that a law clerk in Furgatch was asleep on the job, and we should not ignore Supreme Court precedent simply because of that. In fact, the Ninth Circuit cited the First Circuit's opinion in Massachusetts Citizens For Life, not the Supreme Court's opinion in that case.  Furthermore, the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania would allow the Government to regulate the speech of its citizens based on ``external events.'' The Fourth Circuit not only ruled against the FEC when it tried to do this, but it actually awarded attorneys fees against the Federal Government for taking a legal position that was not ``substantially justified,'' meaning that it did not have a good-faith basis in the law.  If this amendment, coupled with the underlying bill, passes, the Secretary of the Treasury better get out his checkbook.  I understand what the Senator from Pennsylvania is trying to do. He is frustrated that the parties will be reduced and influenced under the underlying bill and concerned that the outside groups will simply fill the vacuum. I understand that and share that concern. Unfortunately, there is simply no case law that will lead us to believe that such restrictions are likely to be upheld. Therefore, it is with considerable reluctance that I have to say I will oppose the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.  How much time does the Senator from Tennessee wish to have?  