  I cannot say for sure that they would support the amendment offered by the Senator from Arizona, but the concept he describes of giving the consumer the option--the consumer gets the option of leaving aside the litigation lottery in return for a lower premium and defined benefits provided for that lower premium. It does not really deny anybody. It does not deny them the right to sue. It does not put a cap on damages. It does not tell the lawyers what to charge. It simply says to the consumer: You have a choice.  What the Senator from Arizona is suggesting is to take what is a sound idea for the automobile insurance market, Auto Choice, and apply it to the health insurance market.  Under his amendment, employers would have the option of offering their employees up to two additional insurance choices. Given the additional causes of action permitted under this bill, I believe giving consumers the option not to participate in the personal injury litigation lottery is only appropriate.  It is important to note, just like my Auto Choice option, choosing Senator Kyl's ``Health Choice'' option would be completely voluntary to both the employer and the employees. An employer who offers his employees health insurance would not be allowed to offer only the limited-litigation health policies. Nothing in the Kyl amendment would. The employer must offer the plans envisioned in the Kennedy-McCain bill.  Therefore, nothing in the Kyl amendment would take away any right. It would merely allow consumers who don't want to sue their health insurance plan, a lower cost health insurance option.  While we have made significant progress at improving this legislation, many of us on this side of the aisle have lingering concerns that this bill will dramatically increase the number of uninsured Americans. We ought do everything possible to minimize this impact and that is why I wholeheartedly endorse the proposal of the Senator from Arizona. Patients need more choices and should not be forced into a system of jackpot justice without their consent.  As the Senator from Arizona has pointed out, we hope not to have a greater number of uninsured when this is all over. One of the great fears many of us have who are going to be voting against this bill is that that is exactly what the result of it will be. But the Senator from Arizona has astutely offered an amendment that will certainly provide an opportunity for a number of people to receive lower premiums and thereby, hopefully, reducing the increase in the number of uninsureds which so many of us fear.  So I express my strong support for the Senator's amendment. I tell him, I think it is a very good idea. I hope the Senate will support it. It seems to me it is entirely consistent with the theme of the underlying bill. I commend the Senator from Arizona for his fine amendment.  