 President, Senator Reed seeks to reverse a decision taken in 1979. Back in 1979, under pressure from House Democrats, the Democratic-controlled House and Senate passed the amendment, signed into law by a Democratic President, which eliminated random audits.  The catalyst was a large number of audits that were commenced consuming enormous amounts of time and money and done in a manner which was viewed as unfair.  This provision may present the same problem. I say to my friend from Rhode Island, we are going to need to look at it overnight. My inclination is to oppose it, in which case we will need a rollcall vote. At least we can look at it overnight.  It is unclear who authorizes the audits, the six appointed members of the Commission or the general counsel appointed by those members? The period commencing these random audits is extended from 6 months to 12 months. Campaigns will have to wait 1 year before they even know if an audit will begin and if they need to raise additional funds to cover the cost.  There is no time limit for commencing audits of PACs or party committees. The 1979 amendment allowed the Commission to continue audits for cause where the FEC reviews the reports to determine if they meet the threshold for substantial compliance.  After the review, it takes an affirmative vote of four Commissioners to conduct an audit. The only other agency I know that conducts random audits is the IRS, and even they are scaling back.  Practically speaking, an audit by the FEC takes years, costs tens, even hundreds of thousands of dollars in lawyers and accountants. For instance, the audit of the 1996 Republican Convention concluded just months before the 2000 convention.  To carry out this provision, the FEC will have to double or even triple its audit staff. This is wrong for the FEC to review the record before commencing an audit, which precisely will no longer be the case under the Reed amendment.  We will have more to say about it tomorrow. Suffice it to say, I say to my friend from Rhode Island, he gets the drift. I think this is a step in the wrong direction, and I think Members of the Senate need to be apprised of the fact that they may be subjected to these lengthy and costly audits under the Senator's amendment.  Maybe we will wake up and see the light and conclude the amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island is a good idea. In any event, we will have to carry it over until tomorrow.  