 President, I assure my colleagues that I am not likely to take 30 minutes. But I thought it was an appropriate time to say that I think we have dealt with the last very significant amendment to this bill.  I think it is time for Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle to take a good hard look at what we have done to the political parties--both yours and ours. I asked the pages to hand out this little chart.  My colleagues, we have reached a point in this debate where I think it might be a good idea to take a look at what life in a hard money world is going to look like for our two great political parties. We have taken pretty good care of ourselves in this debate.  We have raised the hard money limit for us. I am for that. I think that is a very important step in the right direction.  We lowered the broadcast discount so we can buy time cheaper. I voted for that.  We tried to protect ourselves against being criticized by outside groups through the adoption of the Wellstone amendment and the Snowe-Jeffords language.  We even adopted the Schumer amendment which would make it difficult for parties to use coordinated expenditures over and above the current limit if the Supreme Court in fact strikes down the coordinated expenditure limit as unconstitutional, which is the case currently before the Supreme Court.  We have also defeated the non-severability clause, so that now if the Court strikes down our efforts to limit the ability of outside groups to criticize us in proximity to an election, and we are unable through the charting of new turf, new ground, to convince a court that the federalization of our parties is unconstitutional--and no one really knows; there is no case law on that--the parties will not be able to support their candidates against attacks by outside groups. By the way, I want you to know that I will be the plaintiff in the case. We will be meeting with the other people who are likely to be the co-plaintiffs in this case in my office next week.  But we are left now with the possibility of being saved by the House or being saved by the President, who says he is going to sign this bill.  If none of those things happens, you are looking at the plaintiff. I have no idea what the chances are of getting a Federal district court, or the U.S. Supreme Court, for that matter, on appeal, to tell us whether parties have a right of free association and a right of speech somewhat similar to individuals. That is really uncharted turf. We do know this: What we can calculate is what happens to the parties in a 100-percent hard money world.  I hope by now some of you have gotten--I don't see that any of you have gotten--where are our pages with additional copies? I guess they thought you all wouldn't be interested in this. I don't know why. Could the pages please deliver those over to the Democratic side? This won't take long.  I took a look at the 2000 cycle, the cycle just completed. You will see in the chart before you that the chart depicts the net Federal dollars available to the three national party committees.  Under current law, on the left--if I could call your attention to the column on the left, and for those in the gallery, this column is called ``Actuals.'' This was the last cycle, net hard dollars.  