 President, I thank my colleagues for their patience as the final negotiations on the FY 2002 foreign operations bill came to a conclusion only this week.  The conference report reflects a compromise between both sides of the aisle in the Senate, and with our House colleagues. Let me take a brief moment to underscore a few accomplishments in the bill:  Conferees accepted the Senate amendment--which was painstakingly reached with the help of Senator Brownback--permitting counterterrorism assistance to Azerbaijan, while protecting the integrity of section 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act. This will ensure that America's war on terrorism can be waged effectively--but not at the expense of the ongoing negotiations between Armenia and Azerbaijan. I thank all the conferees for understanding the delicate balance struck on this important issue, and I want to recognize the unabashed patriotism of the Armenia-American community in supporting the Senate's language.  Conferees accepted, with modifications, the Senate amendment providing $10 million for programs and activities to promote democracy, human rights, the rule of law, women's development, and press freedoms in countries with a significant Muslim population, and where such programs would be important to America's war on terrorism. I strongly urge the administration to act quickly in supporting activities relating to the welfare and status of Afghan women, and to explore initiating women's development programs along border areas where Afghan refugees are located.  Conferees maintained, with modifications, House language requiring the President to report to Congress on whether the Palestinian Liberation Organization, PLO, has lived up to its 1993 commitments to renounce the use of violence against Israel. My colleagues may recall that the Senate did not offer a similar provision--at the request of Secretary of State Colin Powell--but inclusion of this provision in the conference report could not be more timely. I am disheartened and sickened by continued incidents of terrorism against the people of Israel. The stakes are high for Chairman Arafat, and his political life is on the line.Arafat needs to get a grip on the extremists he has given free reign on the West Bank and Gaza. As we say in Kentucky, you reap what you sow.  Finally, I want to express my continued frustrations with Egypt over its less than enthusiastic support for America's war against terrorism, lackluster performance to further the peace process between Palestinians and Israelis, and continued anti-American and anti-Semitic drivel in its government-controlled press. I have said it before, and I will say it again: the Egyptians need to be a better ally to the United States. It is not acceptable to purchase No-Dong missiles from North Korea. It is appalling to accuse the United States of fattening up the people of Afghanistan before slaughtering them. And it is beyond the realm of human decency that the song ``I hate Israel'' by Shaaban Abdel Rahim is a popular hit in Egypt. Each of these actions will be carefully considered during next year's appropriations process.  Let me close my remarks by thanking Chairman Byrd, Senator Stevens, and all the members of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee for their support of this bill. My staff and I look forward to working with Senator Leahy and his capable crew--Tim Rieser and Mark Lippert--on the Fiscal Year 2003 foreign aid bill early next year. Finally, I extend my heartfelt thanks to Jennifer Chartrand, Billy Piper, and Paul Grove for their hard work throughout this challenging year.  