 President, it is my understanding the amendment of my good friend from Montana, Senator Burns, has been agreed to on both sides. It is that amendment to which I want to speak for a few moments prior to its adoption.  Immediately after the terrorist attacks of September 11, airline security suddenly became a national law enforcement priority, shedding its former status as a routine administrative function of the airlines. Once this occurred, it became imperative that we enlist the expertise of our Nation's top law enforcement agencies to prevent further attacks on America through our aviation system.  Three weeks ago, and before Senators Hollings and McCain introduced their first comprehensive airline security bill, I also introduced S. 1444, the Federal Air Marshal and Safe Sky Act. My bill had two important objectives that I felt strongly about. One, to make airport security a national priority by having Federal standards, Federal training, and Federal oversight of all airport security functions and, two, to make airport security a law enforcement responsibility in the hands of the Attorney General, our Nation's top law enforcement official.  Since I introduced my bill, which was cosponsored by Senators Brownback, Gregg, Thurmond, and Helms, we have worked closely with both the chairmanand ranking member of the Commerce Committee, as well as Senator Burns and Senator DeWine, on these important issues. That is why I am proud to be a cosponsor of Senator Burns' amendment, which would transfer airport screening and armed personnel to the Department of Justice and allow the Department of Justice to set standards of training for Federal air marshals.  For a comprehensive air marshal program to be most effective, we need to relieve the obligations of airport security from the FAA and the airlines, where the primary purpose is to facilitate the managed air travel, and entrust that responsibility to the Department of Justice, whose primary mission is to enforce Federal law and, most importantly, to safeguard and protect us from further acts of terrorism.  The Justice Department already has a model in place for Federal security. That model is our Federal courthouses which are currently secured by the U.S. marshals who employ court security officers, commonly referred to as CSOs, to provide security around the perimeter of the building, at each point of entry, and in the courtrooms themselves. These court security officers are themselves retired Federal, State, and local law enforcement personnel.  Part of the reason our courthouses enjoy such security today is that this unified system provides for layers of security far before when one enters the actual courtroom. Our democracy demands, in the interests of our national security, that we make sure our airports are every bit as secure as our courthouses.  Finally, I would add that it is important both substantively and symbolically for the American people to know that one of our nation's top law enforcement priorities will now be handled by our nation's top law enforcement agency.  Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Montana, Mr. Burns, for his leadership and hard work on this amendment. I also thank the chairman and ranking member for their hard work on this important piece of legislation and express my enthusiastic support for the Burns amendment and indicate my pride in being added as a cosponsor. I enjoyed working with the Senator from Montana on this matter and am glad the amendment will be accepted. It is an outstanding amendment and will add substantially to the goal of ensuring we have airports that are as safe as possible.  I yield the floor.  