  In fact, we have had a good relationship over the years and seen many of these issues in like manner, and I commend him for his leadership as chairman of the subcommittee. This is a bill that I can enthusiastically support, and we anticipate it to pass by a large vote sometime tomorrow.  I thank my good friend from Vermont for his leadership, as I said, in crafting this $15.5 billion bill. This is, I think, probably our ninth bill together. When we started out, he was chairman and I was ranking member. Then I was chairman for a while and he was ranking member. Now the roles are reversed again. We have throughout, no matter who was in the majority, been able to move in the right direction.  Obviously the world has changed since we marked up this bill on July 26. The horror and grief of the September 11 attacks in New York, Virginia, and Pennsylvania are still very fresh in our hearts and minds. The recent anthrax mailings to Congress and the media are further indications of the diabolical nature of America's enemies. Our thoughts and prayers are with the many victims of these evil deeds.  The President and the administration have done a superb job in responding to this national crisis, both at home and abroad. In the darkest hours of the 21st century the American people have rallied in support of the new war against terrorism. This speaks to the strength of our Nation and the highest principles upon which it was founded.  Within 3 days of the September 11 attacks, the Senate passed a $40 billion emergency supplemental bill to aid in recovery and reconstruction efforts. I am pleased that a portion of those funds will be used to bolster counterterrorism and other security programs conducted by the State Department.  In addition to the funds contained in the supplemental, the bill now before the Senate fully funds the President's $38 million request for the State Department's antiterrorism assistance program. These funds will be used to provide training, equipment, and advice to foreign countries to enhance their antiterrorism skills and to increase the capabilities of foreign law enforcement and security officials. Those programs are critical to America's national security and those of our allies.  My colleagues should be aware that Senator Leahy and I intend to offer an amendment to prohibit assistance to any country that harbors or finances those individuals or organizations responsible for the mass murder of American citizens on September 11. President Bush and Secretary Powell are right to hold those nations who aid and abet terrorism responsible for their actions. They have my full cooperation and support in this endeavor.  Let me offer concrete evidence of that support. Senator Feinstein and I intended to offer an amendment to this bill requiring the President to report on the Palestinian Liberation Organization's compliance with its commitments to renounce terrorism and violence. We were asked by Secretary Powell, in light of his efforts to forge an international coalition against terrorism, to simply not offer that amendment. We agreed to withhold the amendment out of respect for this Nation's desire and demand for justice for the September 11 murders. The administration's request for our foreign policy priorities and needs are, for the most part, met through this bill.  In some accounts, including IMET and the Child Survival and Disease Programs Fund, the President's request was exceeded. The bill increases the Export Import Bank's subsidy appropriations from the requested amount of $633 million to $753 million, and we provide $450 million for HIV/AIDS programs and activities.  My colleagues will note that while we have provided substantial funding for counterdrug efforts in the Andean Region, the bill does not meet the Administration's $731 million request for the Andean Counterdrug Initiative. Not everyone may agree with the $567 million the bill provides for this program. However, funds are still in the pipeline for social, economic, and judicial programs in Colombia. Spillover of the narcotics trade to neighboring countries remains a concern. Successful counterdrug and alternative development programs in countries such as Bolivia must be continued.  Funding is also provided to continue vital democracy building activities in Asia, including Burma, Indonesia, and East Timor. The bill earmarks $10 million for rule of law programs in China, which are being successfully conducted by a variety of American academic and nongovernmental institutions. I would suggest to my colleagues that advancing democracy and the rule of law abroad is essential in the fight against terrorism.  I want to share with my colleagues an observation on U.S. foreign policy in the wake of the terrible attacks earlier this month. The very nature of our foreign assistance programs and priorities will change as America and its allies wage war against the foes of freedom and democracy. As one who believes that foreign aid is not an entitlement, assistance can--and should--be used as leverage to reward cooperation on common objectives, such as identifying and destroying terrorist networks. Conversely, nations that refuse to join the fight against terrorism should face restrictions on U.S. assistance they receive. As President Bush said, ``Every nation in every region now has a decision to make: Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.''  Finally, I want to express my condolences to the family of Ken Ludden, Legislative Coordinator to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for International Affairs who passed away of a heart attack on September 10. Ken will be sorely missed by this subcommittee. Given his long and dedicated service to our country in many capacities, I have joined Senator Leahy in sponsoring an amendment to designate the bill the ``Kenneth M. Ludden Foreign Operations, Export, Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act.''  Again, I thank Senator Leahy, and his capable staff--Tim Rieser and Mark Lippert--for their leadership on this bill.  Senator Leahy and I are open for business and fully intend to finish this bill at the earliest possible time tomorrow.  I see the chairman is on his feet, and I yield the floor.  