       Welcome to the 54th inauguration of the President and the      Vice President of the United States of America. Today we      honor the past in commemorating two centuries of      inaugurations in Washington, DC. As well, we embrace the      future, this day marking the first inauguration of the 21st      century and the new millennium.       America has now spanned four centuries, her promise still      shining bright--beginning and present--linked by timeless      ideals and faith. The enduring strength of our Constitution,      which brings us to the West Front of the Capitol today,      attests to the wisdom of America's founders and the heroism      of generations of Americans who fought wars and toiled in      peace to preserve this legacy of liberty. In becoming the      43rd President of the United States, George W. Bush will      assume the sacred trust as guardian of our Constitution. Dick      Cheney will be sworn in as our new Vice President. Witnessed      by the Congress, Supreme Court, Governors, and Presidents      past, the current President will stand by as the new      President peacefully takes office. This is a triumph of our      democratic Republic, a ceremony befitting a great nation.       In his father's stead, the Rev. Franklin Graham is with us      today to lead the Nation in prayer. Please stand for the      invocation.       Reverend Graham.       Reverend GRAHAM. Let us pray:       Blessed are You, O Lord our God. Yours, O God, is the      greatness and the power and the glory and the majesty and the      splendor, for everything in heaven and Earth is Yours. Yours,      O Lord, is the kingdom. You are exalted as head over all.      Wealth and honor come from You. You are the ruler of all      things. In Your hands are strength and power to exalt and to      give strength to all.       As President Lincoln once said, we have been the recipients      of the choicest bounties of heaven. We have been preserved      these many years in peace and prosperity. We have grown in      numbers, wealth, and power, as no other nation has ever      grown, but we have forgotten God. It behooves us then to      humble ourselves before the offended powers, to confess our      national sins, and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.       O Lord, as we come together on this historic and solemn      occasion to inaugurate once again a President and Vice      President, teach us afresh that power, wisdom, and salvation      come only from Your hand.       We pray, O Lord, for President-elect George W. Bush and      Vice President-elect Richard B. Cheney to whom You have      entrusted leadership of this Nation at this moment in      history. We pray that You will help them bring our country      together so that we     may rise above partisan politics and seek the larger vision      of Your will for our Nation. Use them to bring reconciliation      between the races, healing to political wounds, that we may      truly become one nation under God.       Give our new President, and all who advise him, calmness in      the face of storms, encouragement in the face of frustration,      and humility in the face of success. Give them the wisdom to      know and to do what is right and the courage to say no to all      that is contrary to Your statutes and holy law.       Lord, we pray for their families, and especially their      wives, Laura Bush and Lynne Cheney, that they may sense Your      presence and know Your love.       Today we entrust to You President and Senator Clinton and      Vice President and Mrs. Gore. Lead them as they      journey through new doors of opportunity to serve others.       Now, O Lord, we dedicate this Presidential inaugural      ceremony to You. May this be the beginning of a new dawn for      America as we humble ourselves before You and acknowledge You      alone as our Lord, our Saviour, and our Redeemer.       We pray this in the name of the Father and of the Son, the      Lord Jesus Christ, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.       Mr. McCONNELL. Thank you, Reverend Graham.       It is my distinct pleasure to introduce the Dupont Manual      Choir of Louisville, KY.       (Performance by the Dupont Manual Choir of Louisville, KY.)       Mr. McCONNELL. I now call on Senator Christopher J. Dodd of      Connecticut to introduce the Chief Justice of the United      States.       