 President, as the ranking member of the Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee and coauthor of the bill with the Senator from Vermont, obviously, I would like to see the bill pass, and pass sometime soon. But the point this side of the aisle made yesterday afternoon is that we do need to have some cooperation in moving forward on the President's nominees for the circuit district courts across America.  An essential part of our job in the Senate is confirming these judges. The President has nominated judges to fill these vacancies at a record pace.  In fact, his first 11 nominations were sent to the Senate on May 9 of this year, more than 2 months earlier than any of the previous 3 Presidents in their first years. Of these 11, all received either the highest or second highest rating available from the American Bar Association, and all have had their paperwork complete for many months. In eight situations, there were formal judicial emergencies. Yet only three have received a hearing.  This is the situation in which we find ourselves. Looking back at recent history, looking at the first year of each of the three previous administrations, with one exception, every judge nominated before the August recess was confirmed before the end of the year.  Let me repeat that. Looking back at the last three administrations, in the first year of each of the last administrations, every judge, with one exception, nominated prior to the August recess was confirmed in the first year of those administrations.  There is simply no good reason to move so slowly. It is easy to have hearings, and when you have hearings, it is easy to have a number of different judges at that hearing. I am sure the chairman has made the point that he has had a number of hearings. The problem is we have not done any judges at the hearings. So we need to give these outstanding nominees an opportunity to have their hearings, to have their votes in the Judiciary Committee, and to have their votes on the floor of the Senate.  Part of fighting the war on terrorism is to have a judiciary that is adequately staffed. There is a very significant, a very high vacancy rate currently in the Federal judiciary across America.  This pace we have been following is just painstakingly slow and is really not necessary at all. As time passes and we do not have serious action on judicial nominees, the situation gets worse. Just today, another judge, Charles Wolle of the Southern District of Iowa, announced he has taken another status.  Another day has gone by, and we have lost another judge. The vacancy situation has now risen to 109, which is almost 13 percent of the Federal bench. That means that more than 1 out of every 10 seats is unfilled. Justice delayed, as we all know, is justice denied. And if there is not a judge on the bench, obviously you cannot get justice.  The situation is much worse than it was just a couple of years ago when our colleagues on the other side of the aisle were urging action on judges. I want my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to understand that I am not engaging in hyperbole. My conclusions are based on the specific standards articulated by our Democratic colleagues.  For example, just last year when there were only 76 vacancies--at the moment we have 109 vacancies--just last year when there were only 76 vacancies, Senator Daschle stated:       Looking at those figures, one might assume we have no      pressing need for Federal judges. In fact, just the opposite      is true. Today, there are 76 vacancies on the Federal bench.      Of those 76 vacancies, 29 have been empty so long they are      officially classified as ``judicial emergencies.'' The      failure to fill these vacancies is straining our Federal      court system and delaying justice for people all across this      country.  That was March 8, 2000, at the time there were 76 vacancies, just 18 months ago. Now there are 109 vacancies and very little to no action has been taken.  Some of our colleagues have tried to shift the blame to the President for our lack of progress, but this is clearly not the case. As I indicated at the beginning of my remarks, President Bush has submitted more nominees to the Senate and at a faster pace than any President in recent memory.  Specifically, he submitted his first batch of nominees in May, a full 2 months before President Clinton submitted his first nominees. The administration has done an extraordinary job. President George Bush has gotten his nominees up here 2 months before President Clinton got his first nominee up. By the August recess, President Bush had submitted 44 judicial nominees, another record. So the President and his administration, on the issue of getting nominees vetted and up to the Senate, has clearly surpassed recent administrations.  You cannot blame our lack of progress on the change of control of the Senate and the time to get an organizing resolution because after the change in Senate control, 9 different Senate committees held 16 different nomination hearings for 44 different nominees before reorganization was completed.  Let's go over that again. It has been suggested that somehow the shift in control of the Senate slowed down the consideration of judges. Yet since the shift in the Senate, since the reorganizing resolution was passed, 9 different Senate committees held 16 different nomination hearings for 44 different nominees before reorganization was completed, and one of those committees even held a markup during the reorganization period. I am talking about the period during the discussion of reorganization.  By contrast, during the same period, the Judiciary Committee did not hold a single confirmation hearing for any of the 39 judicial and executive branch nominees who were pending before us.  Let's take a look at that one more time. I am talking about the 3-week period when we were discussing how to reorganize the Senate. The Senate had shifted hands to the Democrats, and we had a 3-week period where we were discussing how to reorganize. During that 3-week period, 9 different Senate committees held 16 different nomination hearings for 44 different nominees prior to the reorganization discussion being completed. One of those committees even held a markup during the reorganization period.  During that 3-week period we were discussing reorganization, after the Senate shifted hands to the Democrats, what was happening at the Judiciary Committee? Absolutely nothing. It did not hold a single confirmation hearing for any of the 39 judicial and executive branch nominees who were then pending before us.  The notion that nothing could be done during the period we were discussing how to reorganize the Senate certainly did not affect these other nine committees that were holding hearings and in one case even held a markup on nominees for jobs other than the judicial jobs.  It seems to me the reason for our slow progress has been a lack of efficiency. While we have had some hearings, we have not come close to getting the most out of the hearings. In fact, it seems as if we have gotten the least out of the most. Specifically, during the period from 1998 to 2000, the Judiciary Committee averaged 4.2 judicial nominees per hearing. This year we have averaged only 1.4 judicial nominees per hearing. That is a pace that is three times as slow.  The issue of having hearings is not as significant as the question of what did you do in the hearing.  As I indicated, if you average up the number of judicial nominations dealt with per hearing, in 1998 it was 4.2 judicial nominees per hearing in the Judiciary Committee; in 1999, 4.2 judicial nominees per hearing; in the year 2000, 4.2 judicial nominees per hearing.  This year, strangely, we have only dealt with 1.4 judicial nominees per hearing. The number of hearings is interesting but not relevant to the subject of processing judges because we have had only 1.4 judges dealt with per hearing even though each of the last 3 years there were 4.2 judges per hearing. Obviously, we can do a lot better than that. It is not too late. The session isnot over. It is not too late for the Senate to act, at least on the remaining 38 judicial nominees who were submitted to the Senate before the August recess.  In the last three administrations, of the 30 judges submitted before the August recess, 23, or 77 percent, were confirmed in the fall after the August recess.  I have to quote a colleague, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, on our ability, if we set our minds to it, to do this. Last year, when there were only 60 vacancies, Senator Leahy said: Having begun so slowly in the first half of the year, we have much more to do before the Senate takes final action on judicial nominees this year. We misused all the time for adjournment to remedy the vacancies that have been perpetrated on the courts to the detriment of the American people and the administration of justice. That should be a top priority for the Senate the rest of the year.  This was Chairman Leahy, last year, dealing with the very same kind of situation, which is to get our work done on judges, a year in which we were doing way more judges than we have done so far this year.  I must correct my colleague from North Dakota who earlier today said our failure to act on the foreign operations bill, which I care deeply about, is jeopardizing much needed funds for embassy security. As the ranking member on this bill, I assure my colleagues that is not the case. The money for embassy security is not in the foreign operations bill, not in this bill at all. It is in the Commerce-Justice-State bill. So nothing is being jeopardized by the failure to pass the foreign operations bill on one day versus a few later, after we reach an understanding on how to deal with the President's nominees sent up before the August recess.  In sum, all we are asking for is a specific concrete commitment to have President Bush's nominees treated in the same manner as nominees of his predecessors. Until we get such a commitment, I think it is clear from yesterday's vote it will be difficult to make progress on the appropriations bills. Let me again say, as an appropriator, as a former chairman of the foreign operations subcommittee, and now ranking member, I certainly would not argue that the bill is unimportant. It is an important bill. A long time ago, we learned how to walk and chew gum at the same time. We can do more than one thing. We can have hearings before the Judiciary Committee. We can deal with more than 1.2 judges per hearing. We can get our work done. We can get judges out of committee. We can get them voted on and pass appropriations bills at the same time.  I hope sometime in the next day or two we will be able to reach an understanding as to how to go forward on both of these important issues, the foreign operations bill and the confirmation of the President's nominees, or at least a vote on them--Senators can certainly oppose them if they choose but vote on the nominees who came up before the August recess as we have done in previous years for other Presidents.  I yield the floor.  