 President, I have a few observations to make and then the Senator from Arizona, Mr. Kyl, is here as well. He would like to follow after me.  I want to say a few words in support of the Air Transportation System Stabilization Act, which we will pass, hopefully, in the Senate shortly. My only concern with this bill is that the Federal Government is not doing all it should for the victims of this tragedy with respect to their legal remedies. Specifically, there is no limit in this legislation on the amount of lawyer fees that personal injury lawyers can receive for filing lawsuits, either in absolute terms or as a percentage of the victim's recovery. In other words, there is no guarantee that the victims or their families will receive an amount of the damages awarded to ensure that the personal injury lawyers do not end up taking the lion's share of the award.  I think this is, in short, completely wrong, particularly when this legislation caps the compensation of airline executives relative to the aid package. Bear in mind, what we have in the underlying bill is a cap on airline executives' compensation but no cap on personal injury lawyer fees. It is right that we are going to make sure airline executives do not take advantage of this terrible tragedy, but we should also make sure personal injury lawyers do not unduly profit from other people's miseries. I am relieved, however, that there is already in Federal law a bereavement rule in effect that will protect victims and families from being chased down and harangued by insensitive and opportunistic lawyers. Specifically, 49 U.S.C., section 1136 (g)(2) protects victims of a commercial airline disaster and their families from unsolicited contact from lawyers for 45 days after a disaster. In other words, already under Federal law--I remind all of those who are concerned about the victims that there is a 45-day period from the day of the disaster during which, under this bereavement rule, lawyers are not to contact the families of victims of planes that have been lost.  It provides in relevant part that in the event of an accident involving an air carrier providing interstate or foreign air transportation:       No unsolicited communication concerning a potential action      for personal injury or wrongful death may be made by an      attorney (including an associate, agent, employee, or other      representative of an attorney) or any potential party to the      litigation to the individual injured in the accident, or to a      relative of an individual involved in the accident, before      the 45th day following the date of the accident.  Let me repeat: For 45 days after this tragedy, Federal law protects the victims and their families from unsolicited contact and harassment by lawyers or their agents. And this protection applies to all victims, whether they are from New York, New Jersey, Virginia, or any other State.  I am glad we acted in 1996 to protect the emotionally vulnerable from those in the legal community who do not have their best interests at heart. I am glad we acted again in 2000 to extend the bereavement time from 30 to 45 days. This gives the relatives of victims time to find their loved ones, arrange for burial, and come to grips with their loss. And I want to make sure that the victims and their families know that, as we speak, Federal law protects them in this fashion. This is a Federal Government guarantee to innocent victims that all aggrieved families will be protected until Friday, October 26, from any contact whatsoever on the part of lawyers seeking to represent those who have been victims of this disaster.  I wish the legislation had included at least a 25-percent cap on fees, such as is already the case in the Federal Tort Claims Act today. Already today, in the Federal Tort Claims Act, there is a 25-percent cap on legal fees. I wish that had been applied to this bill. At least we do have the bereavement rule in existing law to protect the victims of this disaster from being contacted by lawyers for 45 days, and that will go up until October 26.  I commend the Senator from South Carolina for his legislation regarding airport safety. There is no question that we need to make thoughtful and sweeping changes to help ensure that the tragedy of September 11 never occurs again.  I would also like to commend the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Texas for their leadership on this issue. Yesterday, I introduced legislation that had a similar purpose to expand airport and airplane security.  The legislation I introduced yesterday, however, took a different approach by placing the primary responsibility for an expanded Federal Air Marshal program with the Attorney General, as our nation's top law enforcement official. I firmly believe that we need a comprehensive Federal Air Marshal program to secure airports from curbside to cockpit.  So, the fundamental difference between my approach and the Committee approach is that my legislation would relieve the obligations of airport security from the FAA and the airlines, whose primary purpose is to facilitate and manage air travel, and entrust that obligation to the Department of Justice, whose primary mission is to enforce federal law, and most importantly, to safeguard and protect us from terrorism.  Obviously this new Federal Air Marshals program will require additional manpower and financial resources. And that is where we intend to harness the volunteer spirit espoused by so many of our law enforcement personnel throughout the country. The new Federal Air Marshals program not only will recruit new full-time active professional marshals but will augment that program with Deputy Federal Air Marshals drawn from retired military personnel, as well as active or retired Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers--anyone from a DEA agent to a local law enforcement officer who wants to serve his country by securing our airports and aircraft. It is also crucial that we retain a sufficient measure of cost-sharing with private and state and local entities. Private airlines and airport authorities should share a responsibility, as they do now, to help fund a portion of airport security.  We actually already have models in place for the type of curbside to cockpit security envisioned in this bill. Our federal courthouses currently are secured by our United States Marshals, who also employ Court Security Officers (CSOs) to provide security around the perimeter of the building, at each point of entry, and in the courtrooms themselves. These CSO are themselves retired Federal, State, and local law enforcement personnel. Part of the reason our courthouses are so secure today is that this unified system provides for layers of security far before one enters the actual courtroom. This is perhaps why Americans have so little to fear today when they walk inside a federal courtroom. What is good for our federal judges is good for all Americans. Our nation's Capitol also is secured by a uniform system of federal officers who patrol from the interior of this chamber to the surrounding neighborhood sidewalks. Our democracy now demands, in the interest of our national security, that we make sure our cockpits are every bit as secure as our courthouses and this chamber.  I believe we should entrust this national security item with the resources, expertise, and experience of our Nation's top law enforcement agency, and that we do so immediately.  I look forward to ongoing discussions with my colleagues who serve on the Commerce Committee and the Judiciary Committee. I think we can work together to produce a thoughtful and effective airline security law.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  