 President, in the underlying bill it is suggested that there is a codification of the Beck decision. In fact, it is just the opposite. McCain-Feingold does not codify Beck; it eviscerates Beck. The so-called Beck codification in McCain-Feingold is a big win for big labor. It does two things the unions love: No. 1, it will let unions keep more of the fees nonunion members pay to unions, and, No. 2, it will make it much harder for those seeking a refund to get one because it takes away their existing right to pursue relief in Federal court and forces them into a burdensome, time-consuming, and hostile administrative process.  The Nickles amendment, of course, will simply take out the so-called Beck codification in the underlying McCain-Feingold bill and go back to the Supreme Court. In the Beck decision, the Supreme Court affirmed a fourth circuit opinion that objecting nonunion members required to pay agency fees as a condition of employment were entitled under section 8 of the National Labor Relations Act to receive a refund of the pro rata share of their fees expended on activities unrelated to the union's role as ``exclusive bargaining representative,'' which consisted of ``collective bargaining, contract administration, and grievance adjustment.''  The Supreme Court affirmed the fourth circuit ruling that, as a matter of law, the fees unrelated to ``collective bargaining, contract administration, and grievance adjustment'' that the unions had to refund to objecting nonunion members, along with any accrued interest, included not only fees for political and lobbying activities but also union community service projects, union charitable donations, union organizing, supporting strikes by other unions, and administrative costs related to the above activities. All of those items were entitled to be refunded to agency shop nonunion members who requested such a refund.  In the original Beck case, the court found that 79 percent of the objecting nonunion member's fees had to be refunded because only 21 percent was used for activities related to collective bargaining, contract administration, and grievance adjustment.  The Beck provision in McCain-Feingold limits objecting nonunion members to getting their fees reduced only by the pro rata share of such fees spent on political and lobbying activities that the union deems ``unrelated to collective bargaining.''  According to the unions, all of their activities related to legislation at the State and Federal level, including health care, judicial and executive appointments, as well as most State ballot initiatives, are ``related to collective bargaining.'' Thus, unions could continue to use nonmember dues for such activities under McCain-Feingold, which is great for them because they cannot use nonunion member fees for most of those things under existing law.  McCain-Feingold will also allow unions to keep and use the portion of an objecting nonmember's agency fees spent on other activities that the Beck court affirmed were unrelated to ``collective bargaining, contract administration, and grievance adjustment,'' such as a union's charitable contributions and a union's support of a strike by another union.  Thus, McCain-Feingold's Beck provision is really bogus. Instead of codifying Beck, it eviscerates Beck by diminishing the scope of the refund theSupreme Court directed for objecting nonmembers required to pay agency fees as a condition of employment.  This is not the only way in which McCain-Feingold's bogus Beck provision is a big gift to big labor. Unions would also love it if we passed this bogus Beck provision because it would close the courthouse doors for nonunion members seeking relief from confiscation of their dues for purposes unrelated to collective bargaining, contract negotiation, and grievance adjustment.  It does this by stating that a union's failure to adhere to the bogus Beck provision ``shall be an unfair labor practice'' under the National Labor Relations Act. Unfair labor practice claims fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the National Labor Relations Board.  A recent piece in Roll Call noted that:       The National Labor Relations Board [has] for 13 years,      under both Republican and Democratic administrations,      displayed an intense bias against workers who assert their      Beck Rights.  Make no mistake. Saying that nonunion members seeking to enforce their Beck rights can only pursue an unfair labor practices claim alters existing law. Under existing law, nonunion members can pursue an unfair labor practices claim or they can avoid the NLRB's time-consuming, hostile and burdensome administrative process by going directly to Federal court against a labor union.  If we enact the bogus Beck provision in McCain-Feingold nonunion workers will no longer be able to go directly to court and seek judicial enforcement of their rights as the plaintiff in the original Beck case did.  Instead, their only recourse would be to navigate a tedious, complex and hostile administrative process that, according to documents from the NLRB itself, regularly takes years.  Unions would love this because they know that giving nonunion members no alternative to this administrative process will greatly deter people's ability and willingness to seek refunds pursuant to Beck.  If we adopt McCain-Feingold's bogus-Beck provision, the other portions of Beck will not remain.  Advocates of McCain-Feingold are using a completely untrue and baseless argument to assuage people concerned about their big gift to big labor in the form of a bogus-Beck codification.  The argument is: Well, we just wanted to focus on the political part of Beck and, if we pass this, the rest of Beck will remain.  This is, of course, untrue because Beck was a decision in which the Supreme Court was interpreting a Federal statute, specifically section 8 of the National Labor Relations Act.  At the beginning of the Supreme Court's decision in Beck, Justice Brennan, the author of the decision, made clear it was statutory interpretation case, not a case about a constitutional right.  Quoting the decision:       The statutory question presented in this case, then, is      whether this financial core includes the obligation to      support union activities beyond those germane to collective      bargaining, contract administration, and grievance      adjustment. We think it does not.  And at the end of the case, in stating the Court's holding, Justice Brennan again made clear that Beck was a statutory interpretation case. Again, quoting from the decision.       We conclude that [section] 8(a)(3) [of the National Labor      Relations Act] . . . authorizes the exaction of only those      fees and dues necessary to performing the duties of an      exclusive bargaining representative.  The significance of the indisputable fact that Beck was a case in which the Supreme Court interpreted a statute enacted by Congress rather than a portion of the Constitution is that any subsequent codification by Congress in light of the Court's interpretation will completely override the court interpretation.  Every lawyer knows that when a court interprets a statute and the legislature subsequently enacts a law clarifying what that statute means, as the bogus-Beck provision does, the court's interpretation is completely displaced by that statutory action.  Therefore, no serious person can give any weight to the assertion that somehow any part of the Supreme Court's interpretation of section 8 of the National Labor Relations Act in Beck will remain once we pass McCain-Feingold's big gift to big labor--the evisceration of Beck.  Senator Nickles, as I indicated, will be over shortly to speak on this amendment. Even though he may demand a rollcall vote, we understand that the proponents of the underlying bill are prepared to accept or vote for this provision, and we are glad to hear that. We think restoring the Beck case to its original language is certainly appropriate.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  