 President, a further provision in the Feinstein amendment, which I want to call to the attention of the Senator--and I am sure she is familiar with it, as is the rest of the Senate--is worthy of discussion. There is a current Supreme Court case, called the Colorado case, pending for decision, which, if the Court upheld the lower court, would declare that the party-coordinated contribution limits are unconstitutional. These are hard dollars spent by party committees on behalf of their candidates.  The Schumer provision says if that is struck down--the coordinated limit--and if parties take advantage of this ruling and make unlimited coordinated expenditures, then they will not get the lowest unit rate on television. They say parties will only get the lowest unit rate if they continue to abide by the coordinated party limits, even if those limits have been declared unconstitutional.  Now, I say to my friend from California--and I see the Senator from New York is back--this is clearly an unconstitutional condition. Party-coordinated expenditures are 100-percent hard dollars. There is no problem unless you believe parties can corrupt their own candidates, and it is illegal to earmark contributions to specific candidates in the amount beyond the individual contribution limit. In short, it is my understanding that the Schumer provision requires an unconstitutional condition on party spending.  So let's sum it up. If the Supreme Court strikes down the coordinated limit as unconstitutional, which might happen, then the Schumer provision will require parties to continue to abide by an unconstitutional limit, in order to get the lowest unit rate from a broadcaster. I would look forward to litigating that in court, Mr. President. Declaring an unwillingness to follow a pattern declared as unconstitutional, putting in a stipulation that to do something that is constitutionally protected costs you money is not likely to be upheld by any court in the land.  I wanted to call that to the attention of our colleagues before we vote on the Feinstein amendment.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  