  Mr. McCAIN. Over the last 2 weeks, literally every day I have been standing on the floor with the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from Nevada saying we are going out early, we have a lot of amendments to go, and we need to get this done, and everybody wants to get it done by the end of this week, particularly by this evening. Apparently that is going to be very difficult to do.  My suggestion to the Senator from Kentucky and the leadership on bothsides is stay in tonight until we get it done or--that is my first choice. My second choice would be tomorrow and then on Saturday. I think we are all aware that the leadership wants to move to the budget debate. I think that is appropriate. We all agreed at the beginning that 2 weeks was sufficient time to address this issue.  One thing I suggest to the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from Nevada is tabling motions, but clearly first-degree amendments have at least an hour and a half, even if all time is yielded back on the other side.  I hope most Members appreciate that there are a couple or three issues, the main one being severability, but the rest of them either have been addressed in some fashion or are not of compelling impact, even though the authors of the amendments may believe that is the case.  I urge my colleagues to be prepared to stay in very late tonight because we need to finish this legislation.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I say to my friend from Arizona, he will notice I have not filed a cloture motion. I have said that there is only one major amendment left, the nonseverability amendment, which will be offered on a bipartisan basis, and that there are few to no amendments left on this side.  From my point of view, as someone who is certainly unenthusiastic about this bill and will vigorously oppose it, nevertheless I realize it is time to get to final passage sometime today. I say to the Senator from Arizona we will not have a problem getting to final passage because of this side. We cleared things out on our side and are ready to go to final passage. I am happy to finish it up sometime today.  Mr. McCAIN. I thank the Senator from Kentucky.  