 President, I had not realized, until I heard from my friend from Michigan, that the Federal Election Campaign Act was so sacrosanct that it should not be changed. If that is the case, I don't know why we are here at all because the whole purpose of the McCain-Feingold bill is to change the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1974.  Further, it is suggested that this is not an abuse. Well, what we do know is that organized labor spends essentially no hard dollars at all raising hard dollars for their PACs. Now, as a defender of soft money, I must tell you I am not troubled by that in principle any more than I am troubled in principle by the political parties having nonfederal money. It has been suggested on the other side that this would be an inconvenience for organized labor or corporations. What about inconveniencing the parties--by taking away 40 percent of the budget of the Republican National Committee and the Democratic National Committee, and 35 percent of the Republican Senatorial Committee and the Democratic Senatorial Committee, and federalizing State and local parties for even-numbered years? What about the inconvenience to them? Why is it only political parties that it is OK to inconvenience and no one else?  I repeat, every time you hear the argument, ``don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good,'' you can be sure the subject being debated on the Senate floor at that time is an amendment that might have some impact on organized labor. Virtually every time you hear the words ``poison pill,'' you can be assured the subject matter we are debating at that time will be an amendment that might have some impact on organized labor.  The reform industry, led by the New York Times and the Washington Post, has been allowed to get away with defining what reform is. In fact, reform is what the New York Times and the Washington Post and Common Cause say it is, and everything else is a poison pill.  Now, the underlying bill is designed to reduce the effectiveness of America's great political parties--the one entity that will always be there for a challenger. Here Senator Bennett is just trying to say, look, let's have a level playing field. If the parties are going to have to operate in 100 percent hard dollars, why not the unions and the corporations? Why not? Why not, I ask? What is so pernicious about the influence of Federal, State, and local parties that their resources have to be taken away, their voices lowered, their efforts inhibited, and no one else?  This is not a ``level playing field,'' as often is said by the other side. I have heard the argument over the years that we need to have a level playing field. If hard dollars are to exclusively be the future of the parties, why not for business and labor?  