 President, I rise today to offer an amendment which would authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to use such funds as he deems appropriate to establish and make available war bonds for purchase.  I am proud that along with a bill that Senator Burns and I have offered which is pending as this amendment, there are at least four other measures which have been offered that would create a new investment vehicle for Americans who are anxious to contribute to the war on terrorism. Clearly, the Congress and the American people are anxious to establish such a program.  Each of the bills which have been introduced are similar. In fact, two of them adapt the language Senator Burns and I originally introduced almost verbatim. It is safe to assume that the goal of each of the sponsors is identical. That goal is to develop a way for patriotic Americans to contribute directly to the effort to rebuild the broken and retaliate against the enemy of international terrorism.  How many times have we heard over the last few days from our constituents: What can I do to help? The war bond is a way to help.  There has been a great deal of wonderful and soaring rhetoric on display since the terrible attacks of September 11, 2001. These words have helped our Nation steel its resolve and recognizethe imperative of rooting out terrorism wherever it may lurk. As a result, the public is unified in its desire to take decisive action. The legislation that Senator Burns and I are offering today would allow the Secretary of Treasury to channel and sustain American compassion and unity.  Specifically, we propose allowing the Secretary to establish a new form of U.S. savings bond that would be designated war bonds. The war bonds would be in such form and denominations and be subject to such terms and conditions that the Secretary deemed most appropriate.  Some have pointed out that current economic conditions may argue against the need for war bonds to be used as a tool for funding the war on terrorism. I argue that view misses the most important point. There is no question that America is the most powerful nation economically and militarily on earth. However, what is less certain is the very nature of this effort, and a war bond campaign could be an invaluable tool for the government to explain the complex nature of the threats we face and rally all Americans to help provide necessary responses.  If the Government chooses to engage in this effort, I envision a war bond drive similar to those that were so successful during World War II. Influential Americans could be engaged to lead the education effort across the country, and all Americans would have the ability to participate in what is going to be a lengthy and complicated challenge. Success would be measured less by how much revenue is raised than by the Government's ability to maintain overwhelming approval of the actions it must undertake as we seek to eradicate the threat of terrorism.  Additionally some may argue that our use of the term ``war bonds'' is incendiary or inappropriate. Again, I would differ with this view. There is no question that the attacks of last Tuesday were acts of war. And, there is equally little doubt that America now finds itself in a state of war against the perpetrators of those vile and evil acts. Additionally, the phrase ``war bonds'' evokes the successful efforts which were undertaken during World War II. And if there is any doubt about how war bonds resonate with the American people, one need only look at the overwhelming response my office has received since introducing this legislation last week. In fact, I have even been contacted by one patriotic American who has reserved the domain name www.warbonds.gov as well as a toll free number for a war bonds drive.  In closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment which would allow the Secretary to establish war bonds and continue a long and proud tradition of American citizen involvement in our Nation's most important causes.  