 Let me say under current law contributions received by a national party committee which is directed to be used on a specific candidate's behalf is considered an earmark. Thus, if a donor gives $1,000 to the Republican National Committee and directs it to a specific candidate, the $1,000 contribution is attributable to the candidate. If the donor gives $20,000 to the Democratic Senatorial Committee and directs it be spent on behalf of a specific candidate, it is a $20,000 contribution to the candidate, and the contributor is prosecuted for making an individual contribution in excess of the $1,000 limit.  What am I talking about? The Democrats understand that in the early 1990s the Democratic Senatorial Committee and the Democratic Senate candidates were raising hard money with the DSCC which tallied or earmarked these contributions to be used for individual Senators accredited with bringing them in.  Since the $20,000 earmark contributions to the party were in excess of the limits individuals can contribute to a candidate, the DSCC was prosecuted. In 1995, the prosecution resulted in the DSCC being forced to: One, pay a $70,000 fine; two, end the tally and earmark program; and, three, include specific language on all future solicitations stating the money raised into the DSCC is spent as the committee determines within its sole discretion.  Why bring that up? Only to make the point that the fear that the Senator from New York has is unwarranted because we have already learned that lesson and the party committees know they cannot receive candidate contributions in hard dollars earmarked for candidates.  The problem with the Feinstein amendment and particularly the Schumer provision is this: If the Supreme Court strikes down the coordinated limit--we are talking hard dollars, the good dollars; that is what coordinated is, hard dollar expenditures by petitioners on behalf of the candidates--if the Supreme Court strikes down the current limit coordinated as unconstitutional, Schumer requires parties to continue to abide by unconstitutional limits in order to get a broadcast discount. This is a classic unconstitutional condition.  The Feinstein-Schumer provision will increase the individual contribution limit from $1,000 to $2,000. It does not increase the amount an individual can give to political parties. The aggregate individual limit in the Feinstein amendment reduces the amount an individual can give to a party from $20,000 per year to $17,500 per year. Even if the Supreme Court declares party coordinated expenditure limits unconstitutional, the Colorado case we were just talking about, parties must still abide by them or lose the broadcast discount.  Even though the Senator from California gives the candidate a little help, it is worse than current law for parties. It is already clear from the action taken yesterday there is going to be no more non-Federal money in the party committees. That is gone. If the Feinstein amendment passes, there will be less hard dollars for the committees than we have today. We are going backwards. There may be some relief for parties, but it is a bad deal for candidates.  I see the Senator from Tennessee is on the floor. I yield 10 minutes to the Senator from Tennessee.  