 Three and a half minutes.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I have been a longtime friend of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. In fact, he and I have worked together for some 9 years on the foreign operations bill, the bill that will at some point in the future be before the Senate. Sometimes he has been chairman and sometimes I have been chairman. Right now he is chairman.  As an appropriator, I am mindful of the need to complete appropriations bills in a timely fashion. This year, the Foreign Operations Subcommittee has put together what I believe to be a good bill, and I certainly support that bill and want to see it become law at the earliest possible time. Nevertheless, I do intend to vote against cloture on the motion to proceed because regretfully this seems to be the only tool with which we are left to try to advance the President's judicial nominations.  While I am aware of the importance of the timely completion of appropriations bills, I am also cognizant of the need to make sure that our Federal judiciary is adequately staffed. It is because I am concerned that some of my colleagues do not fully appreciate the crisis facing the Federal judiciary that I feel it is necessary to object proceeding to this bill. I hope that by doing so, we can get a concrete agreement on timely confirming the President's nominees and remedying the situation facing the judiciary.  I have great respect for the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who is also chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, but the cold, hard fact is there are 108 judicial vacancies, almost 13 percent of the Federal bench, which means that the Federal judiciary is woefully understaffed. And we are running out of time in this fall session.  It will do us precious little good to pass important counter-terrorism legislation, for example, if there are not enough judges to review search warrants and to try cases in a timely fashion. We are engaged in a massive war on terrorism with, as we have seen today, new fronts emerging each and every day. With such a massive law enforcement operation, we need U.S. Attorneys, and we need Federal judges.  I am particularly puzzled that my colleagues across the aisle, who have cried for adequate judicial safeguards in our counter-terrorism package, would not support our request for the expeditious consideration of the President's judicial nominees.  If we look at the first year of the last three administrations, all but one of the judges nominated before the August recess were confirmed. Clearly, for whatever reason, we are not getting the job done in the Judiciary Committee.  We need to have an adequate complement of Federal judges on the bench. Given the sorry state of the vacancy situation, timely consideration is certainly needed. It is the middle of October, and the President has only eight judicial nominees confirmed. By contrast, at the end of his first year in office, President Clinton had 27 or 28 judges confirmed.  This is not President Bush's fault. He submitted 44 nominees before the August recess. Indeed, President Bush submitted his first batch of nominees back in May. This, again, is another record, at least for the last couple of decades.  Rather, the reason for this delay is that while we have had some hearings, we have not come close to getting the most out of these hearings. I expect this afternoon there has been a lot of talk about hearings, but the fact is we have gotten the least out of the most.  Specifically, while from 1998 to 2000 the Judiciary Committee averaged 4.2 judicial nominees per hearing, this year we have averaged only 1.4 judicial nominees per hearing. That is a pace that is three times as slow as was the case from 1998 to 2000.  We can do better than that. We must do better than that. The chairman of the Judiciary Committee and my friend, Senator Leahy, was constantly complaining prior to this year about the slow pace of the previous Senate. The fact is, it was moving a lot more rapidly than we are at the moment.  Now, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will say, ``McConnell, you got it all wrong. You need to look at `this.' And you need to look at `that.' And you need to look at the other.' '' Well, I and my colleagues are not going to be distracted by ``this, that, and the other,'' and we are going to make sure the American public is not either. We are going to keep our eyes fixed on the bottom line, and the bottom line is that President Bush's 8 judicial nominees is woefully inadequate when compared to his predecessors, and particularly President Clinton who got 28 judges confirmed in his first year.  So I urge my colleagues to support the President, the Federal judiciary, and the law enforcement community, which is on the front lines of our nation's war against terrorism. Vote no on this motion.  I yield the floor.  