 President, I, too, commend the Senator from Tennessee. I would love to have gone further to really provide full indexation for the limits that were established in 1974, 26 years ago, and were thought to be appropriate at that time. But any increase in hard money limits is a step in the right direction.  To give you an idea of what the world without soft money is going to look like for our national parties, we took a look at the 2000 cycle, the cycle just completed, and made an assumption that the party committees would have had to operate in 100 percent hard dollars, which is the way they will have to operate 30 days after this bill becomes law. The Republican National Committee would have had 37 million net hard dollars to spend had we converted the last cycle to 100 percent hard dollars. Under the current system, they had 75 million net hard dollars to spend. So the Republican National Committee would go from 75 million net hard dollars that it had to spend last cycle down to $37 million.  The Democratic National Committee, in a 100-percent hard money world, last cycle, would have had 20 million net hard dollars to spend on candidates. In fact, it had $48 million under the current system. So the Democratic National Committee would go from 48 million net hard dollars down to 20 million net hard dollars, if you convert the last cycle into a 100-percent hard money world.  Finally, let me take a look at the two senatorial committees. The Republican Senatorial Committee last cycle under the current system had 14 million net hard dollars to spend on behalf of candidates. In a 100-percent hard money world, they would have had about 1.2 million net hard dollars to spend for candidates. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, the Democratic Senatorial Committee, in the current system had 6 million net hard dollars to spend on their candidates. In a 100-percent hard money world, they would have had 800,000 hard dollars to have spent on all of their 33 candidates.  The one thing that is not in debate, there is no discussion about it, this is going to create a remarkable, a huge shortage of dollars for the party committees. At least the Senator from Tennessee is trying, through negotiating an increase in the hard money limits for parties and providing indexation, to help compensate for some of this dramatic loss of funds that all of the party committees are going to experience 30 days after this bill becomes law.  I thank the Senator from Tennessee for the effort he made. I wish we could have done more. I hear there are plenty on the other side who wish we would have done less. This is at least a step in the right direction.  We are going to have a massive shortage of funds in all of the national party committees to help our candidates. It is going to be a real scramble. Hopefully, this will help a bit make up at least a fraction of what is going to be lost on both sides that will be available for candidate support.  I intend to support the amendment of the Senator from Tennessee.  