 President, the Senator from Michigan is correct, of course, that no worker can be forced to join a union. They can, however, be forced to pay fees to unions, equal to union dues, as a condition of maintaining their employment. That is precisely the point of Senator Hatch's amendment.  As for the concern of the Senator from Michigan about the fact that no corporation does ground wars as unions do, that is, of course, precisely the point. That is exactly why McCain-Feingold is biased in favor of Democrats.  Unions, as the Senator from Michigan has pointed out, do the ground war for the Democrats. I wish we had an ally like that on our side. I admire the unions greatly. They do the ground war for the Democrats.  For Republicans, it is the party that takes the primary role in the ground war. As we have discussed here, and as the Senator from Michigan has conceded, corporations don't do that sort of thing. They never have and, in my view, they never will.  McCain-Feingold eliminates one-third of the resources that Republican Party organizations have to counter the union ground game from which Democrats benefit 100 percent.  According to Forbes magazine, the NEA's local uniserve directors act as the largest army of paid political organizers and lobbyists in the United States. According to NEA's own strategic plan and budget, these political operatives had a budget of $76 million for the 2000 cycle--$76 million for the 2000 cycle alone. None of that is touched by McCain-Feingold.  With regard to the unions, what do unions do to help Democrats? Again, I say I wish we had such an ally. This is what the unions do for the Democrats:  One, get out the vote;  Two, voter identification;  Three, voter registration;  Four, mass mailings;  Five, phone banks;  Six, TV advertisements;  Seven, radio advertisements;  Eight, magazine advertisements;  Nine, newspaper advertisements;  Ten, outdoor advertising and leafletting;  Eleven, polling;  And twelve, volunteer recruitment and training.  Boy, I wish we had an ally such as that. That would be wonderful. The only entity we have that engages in any of those activities on behalf of Republicans is our party organizations.Their funds would be reduced by at least a third or, in the case of the Republican National Committee, 40 percent by McCain-Feingold.  McCain-Feingold purports to regulate some union activity, and I gather from reading the paper it has made the unions at least a little bit nervous. It purports to prohibit TV and radio ads that refer to a candidate within 60 days of a general election or 30 days of a primary.  However, with regard to national parties, everything the national party does must be paid for in 100-percent federally regulated hard dollars, even if it does not mention a single candidate.  If, in fact, that 1 restriction on union activity remains in the bill at the end, that leaves 11 other activities unions engage in untouched by McCain-Feingold while at the same time the bill reduces the funds available for the national parties by a third, to 40 percent.  In addition to that, McCain-Feingold, in effect, federalizes State and local parties in even-numbered years. In order for the Republican National Committee--it would apply to Democrats as well, but it is not as important to them because they have the unions as I just described--in the case of the local parties and the national party, they would have to operate at 100-percent Federal dollars, even if they were trying to influence a mayor's race in Wichita, KS.  This bill does little or nothing to the unions. What little it purports to do, I gather, has made the unions nervous, and it will be interesting to see if, before the end of this debate, not only are the amendments such as the one we are debating not approved, I am curious to see whether there will be additional amendments offered that will, in fact, take out what few uncomfortable portions of the existing bill there are for organized labor. In other words, I am predicting that not only will Senator Hatch's amendments--this one and the one he will offer after this one--probably be defeated, but that those elements of McCain-Feingold that currently create some angst among unions, there will be an effort to strip those out before we get to final passage.  In the name of fairness, what we are talking about, with Senator Hatch's amendment, is to make sure that union dollars are voluntarily given by members and that union activities are disclosed. Consent and disclosure are two principles, it seems to me, that have been at the heart of the campaign finance debate for many years.  I think we are probably through on this side. I do not know how many more speakers you have.  