 I did understand her amendment correctly.  Again, we saw a picture in the Washington Post yesterday of the world to come. This is a full-page ad by a billionaire named Jerome Kohlberg which appeared in the Post yesterday. He is one of the principal funders of this reform industry, the employees of which are huddled off the floor of the Senate working on this bill. I bring up Mr. Kohlberg only to illustrate what the world is going to be increasingly like if McCain-Feingold passes.  The distinguished occupant of the Chair experienced the wrath of Mr. Kohlberg in 1998 as he spent half of $1 million trying to defeat the junior Senator from Kentucky. People such as Mr. Kohlberg are going to be the wave of the future. There is a common misconception that people of great wealth are Republicans. In fact, they are overwhelmingly liberal Democrats, people such as Mr. Kohlberg.  With the dramatic weakening of the parties not only through the loss of soft money--that decision having been made yesterday--but should the Feinstein amendment or anything close to it be approved, none of that will be compensated for in hard dollars because there is no change in what individuals can give to parties. Get used to it; this is the wave of the future. We have a picture of it right here in the Washington Post yesterday. People of great wealth who have an interest in politics and public policy are going to increasingly control the national agenda, allied, of course, with the great corporations that own the New York Times and the Washington Post that also have an unfettered right to speak. I am not trying to change that. They just have a bigger voice than all the rest of us because they have big corporations behind them.  I find this very distressing. I do think it is important for everybody to understand the world into which we are about to march.  Having said that, I commend the Senator from California for at least recognizing the need to increase the individual contribution limit set back in 1974, when a Mustang cost $2,700. She represents a State which really illustrates the heart of the problem. Imagine an unknown challenger in California who is not wealthy deciding to take on the well-known and powerful incumbent Senator from California, Mrs. Dianne Feinstein. I expect Senator Feinstein would agree with me, with a $1,000 contribution limit, trying to pool enough resources together to reach 30 million people against a well-known incumbent, that challenger would probably have to spend the whole 6 years trying to pool together enough resources to be competitive. I wonder if the Senator agrees with that observation.  