 President, let me just sum up prior to the vote.  The Feinstein-Schumer provision will increase individual contribution limits from $1,000 to $2,000. That certainly is helpful to candidates. It sort of catches us up, maybe, to the early 1980s in terms of purchasing power. It does not, however, increase the amount an individual can give to political parties. In fact, the aggregate individual limit also, as part of the amendment, will reduce the amount an individual can give to a party from $20,000 per year down to $17,500 per year. So we are going backwards.  We have already taken away all the non-Federal money from political parties. That is 40 percent of the budgets of the Republican National Committee and the Democratic National Committee, 35 percent of the budgets of the Republican Senatorial Committee and the Democratic Senatorial Committee. We have wiped that out with the votes yesterday.  Now if the Feinstein amendment were adopted, the parties, national parties, would be left only with hard money and we have, in effect, reduced the amount an individual could give to a party, set back in 1974, from $20,000 down to $17,500.  While the Feinstein amendment might make some marginal improvement for candidates, it is a step backwards for parties.  In addition, it has the Schumer provision in it that the Senator from Tennessee has very skillfully discussed a few moments ago, that even if the Supreme Court declares party-coordinated expenditure limits unconstitutional--which may happen in the next few months in the Colorado Republican case currently before the Supreme Court--even if that coordinated limit, that hard money limit that parties can spend on behalf of their candidates is struck down as unconstitutional, if a party chooses to spend more than the old limit just having been struck down as unconstitutional, then the party loses the lowest unit rate on ads.  So the practical effect of that is a party could spend so much on behalf of a candidate at a certain price and then, once it has spent more than that, it would have to pay more for additional speech.  The Senator from Tennessee has persuasively argued, and I would as well, that is an unconstitutional condition or surcharge, if you will, on the exercise of free speech, a tax on speech. Clearly, a tax on speech raises serious constitutional questions. I could have raised a constitutional point of order on this. I say to the Senator from Tennessee that I am not going to do that. I have done that in the past when we had campaign finance debates. I am not going to do that.  But I assure you that if this is in the final bill, and if the bill is signed by the President, it will be one of the items that, as a plaintiff in the case, I intend to be as one of the items that we will be raising in court.  Mr. President, I yield the remainder of the time on my side.  I make a motion to table, and I ask for the yeas and nays.  