 President, last week Senator Schumer stated that the Supreme Court's decision in FEC v. Colorado Republican Federal Campaign Committee could deluge the system with unlimited amounts of money raised in enormous amounts through the national parties for specified campaigns.  This statement was false.  As Senator Schumer recognized, the Colorado case is about coordinated party expenditures by the national committees on behalf of House and Senate candidates.  The FECA has a formula to calculate these limits based on the size of the state which ranged from $135,000 in Montana to $3,200,000 in California in 2000.  Senator Schumer's attempt to portray these expenditures as soft dollar contributions is false. Coordinated party expenditure always have been, and always will be 100 percent hard money.  The hard money limits to the national committees which were set in 1974 are $20,000 per year for an individual and $15,000 per year from a PAC.  The coordinated party limits at issue in the Colorado case are the last vestige of spending limits in FECA.  In 1976 the Supreme Court in Buckley struck down expenditure limits on candidates and their committees and limits on independent expenditures.  In 1996 the Supreme Court in Colorado I ruled that party committee's can make independent expenditures, in addition to coordinated expenditures. (See sec. 213 of S. 27) The Court remanded the question of the coordinated limits back to the district court which became the Colorado case pending before the court today.  If the Supreme Court strikes down the coordinated party limits in the Colorado case, the only impact is that national parties will be able to spend unlimited amounts on behalf of their candidates.  However, these expenditures must still be all hard dollars, raised under the limits of FECA.  As for concern that striking these limits will lead to enormous amounts of party money going into the system, I would point out that in the 2000 cycle, Republican parties spent $28,000,000 on all coordinated expenditures and Democratic parties spent $20,000,000. This is the total for all races--Presidential, Senatorial and Congressional--470 races nation-wide.  Senator Schumer also presented a scenario where national parties are a mere pass-through for candidates.  This is false for soft dollars.  For hard dollars it is called earmarking.  Current law permits donors to earmark contributions through national party committees directly to be used on a specific candidate's behalf. However, it is subject to the $1,000 contribution limit.  For example, if a donor gives $1,000 to the RNC and directs it to a specific candidate, the $1,000 is a contribution to the candidate.  However, if a donor gives $20,000 to the DSCC and directs it to be spent on behalf of a specific candidate, it is a $20,000 contribution to that candidate--a violation of the contribution limits under FECA.  This has been tried before and squarely rejected.  In 1995 the DSCC paid the largest civil fine ever by a national committee for engaging in this type of activity.  In that case the DSCC and democratic Senate candidates were raising large amounts of money into the DSCC to be ``tallied'' for use on that candidate's behalf. These contributions were earmarks and exceeded the contribution limits to candidates.  The DSCC was fined $75,000, forced to end that tally program and was and is required to include specific language on all solicitations clarifying that money raised into the DSCC is spent ``as the Committee determines within its sole discretion.''  To be clear, coordinated expenditures are made with all hard dollars given to the party committees and cannot be restricted for use on specific candidates.  So there is simply no legal way to circumvent that law. The constitutional problem with the Schumer amendment is that if the Supreme Court strikes down the coordinated limit as unconstitutional, then the Schumer provision will require parties to continue to abide by an unconstitutional limit in order to get the lowest unit rate.  This is a classic unconstitutional condition and would make the whole bill further subject to problems in Court.  I hope the Schumer amendment will not be approved.  It is my understanding that there is a desire on both sides to have a quick vote. Is that correct?  