 President, I thank the distinguished majority leader for his kind comments about the work of the three of us here, and others, on this important piece of legislation. We are grateful that he thinks he will be able to schedule this debate sometime early next year.  Rarely do you get the feeling around here that you are involved in something that is truly unique and has the potential, as the Senator from Connecticut indicated, to be a landmark piece of legislation. We are all working on issues that are important to somebody in the country all the time. But nothing is more fundamental, obviously, than the right to vote.  I say at the outset to my friend from Connecticut, it has been a pleasure working with him. And to my colleague from Missouri, he has been a joy to work with.  We had three areas about which we cared a great deal. Senator Dodd is a passionate advocate for the disability community and for reducing, to the maximum extent possible at the Federal level, any barrier to the ability to vote. They may not be intentional, but as a practical matter, barriers still exist. Senator Dodd, as we worked through these 13 long months of negotiations, was always looking for a way to strengthen that part of the bill. If there is any hero in America to the disability community, it ought to be the Senator from Connecticut. On this legislation, he was constantly trying to strengthen it to the benefit of that community. I will be happy to testify on his behalf at any time that that was his focus.  The Senator from Missouri was relentless in pursuing the notion that we should, to the maximum extent possible at the Federal level, make it difficult to cheat. It has been a tradition in some parts of the country, including a number of counties in my State, that death not be a permanent disability to continuing to exercise the franchise. I think that practice is disapproved of by all ethical people, but it does go on.  Senator Bond was relentless in pursuing whatever avenues he could pursue to make it possible for this bill to deal with the business of cheating. We want everybody to vote, but only once. It is important that they still be alive when they exercise the franchise. If we were dedicating the various parts of the bill, the fraud part of the bill should be dedicated to the senior Senator from Missouri.  I was interested in the entity, the commission, that would oversee this subject matter down through the years. As the distinguished chairman of our committee indicated, it was my feeling, and I am pleased Senator Dodd and Senator Bond agreed, that there be a permanent repository for the best, unbiased, objective evidence States and communities across America could go to for advice about their needs in conducting elections.  Right now the typical county official, or in some States the State official, is besieged by a hoard of vendors who want to sell their product. Where can you get objective advice about what might make sense for a sparsely populated State such as North Dakota versus a teeming mass in the city of New York? This new commission will hopefully be that place.  With this new commission, there will be no equipment to sell. It will be a place where you can get the best advice currently available in America about your particular election needs.  We structured this commission in such a way that it would operate on a bipartisan basis. I believe it is the case that in every precinct in America there is an equal number of Republicans and Democrats in that precinct who conduct the election, usually in a friendly manner. They keep an eye on each other. They insist that the business of administration of elections be fairly done. Occasionally the system malfunctions. But fairness is certainly the intent of the structure in every State in America.  The question of just how much the Federal Government should do in this regard is complicated. None of us wants to dictate a voting system from Washington to the rest of America. On the other hand, we collectively agreed that there ought to be some standards below which you would not be allowed to fall. If we did that, we were convinced we could improve the administration of elections in this country.  It was a long, tortuous process. We had 13 months of hearings, negotiations, compromises, offers, counter-offers, a bill, a compromise bill, a deal, and a new deal. By the time we finally were able to iron this out, I think we had about all the deliberations we could handle. On the other hand, it was a classic example, it seems to me, of the legislative process working as it should, because what we all have in common is the desire to do this job on a truly bipartisan basis.  What brought us together at the end was the common belief that America would be better off if we did this. None of us was trying to rig the system to the benefit of either side. I wasn't trying to make it easier for Republicans to win. Senator Bond wasn't either. Senators Dodd, Schumer and Torricelli were not trying to make it easier for the Democrats to win. We were genuinely motivated by the desire to help, to the maximum extent possible at the Federal level, make the system better. And in doing that, for this to mean anything, there had to be some funds attached to it. We realized we needed to be able to spend some money in order to allow these communities to upgrade their systems.  We are here tonight knowing this is only the beginning and there is still a long road ahead of us. Even though the House has acted, we have to get this through the Senate and then through the conference.  I have a belief, which I think my colleagues share, that a lot of the hurdles we could have encountered on the floor we have already encountered, thoughtthrough, and worked out. Hopefully, we can convince our colleagues when we get out here on the floor, where it is always potentially a free-for-all, that there is some rational basis for the decisions we reached. And on amendments which may unravel it, hopefully we can make a bipartisan argument that we have been there, we have talked about that, and we have worked our way through that and we can say this is why we think that is not a good idea and why we believe what we came out with is a superior position.  They may or may not take our advice. But at least we have spent a lot of time going into these uncharted waters wrestling with these issues and working them out.  As Senator Dodd, the chairman of our committee, pointed out, there are not many people still around tonight. But we feel good about this. We thought we would share it with the Senate. We are pleased to be able to introduce this legislation today with a sense of real pride of accomplishment. We look forward to not only getting it through the Senate early next year, as the majority leader indicated, but getting it through the conference, getting it on the President's desk, and making a difference for America in the most basic thing we do--cast our votes.  The Senate is commonly known as the world's greatest deliberative body. After 13 months of hearings, negotiations, compromises, offers, counter- offers, bills compromise bills, deals, and new deals, I think I speak for all of us by saying: we have had about all of the deliberation we can handle on one issue.  Today's bill introduction is the result of 13 months of work and countless hours of negotiations.  Senator Dodd and I began discussions about election reform at the Rules Committee more than one year ago.  Exactly one year ago last week, I introduced an election reform bill with Senator Torricelli.  Last winter, Senator Dodd and I began a series of hearings on election reform.  Last May, I introduced a new bill with Senator Schumer and Senator Torricelli--that garnered strong bipartisan support with 71 Senator cosponsors. Although many in the press seem to have forgotten--We were fully prepared to go to the Senate floor and pass that bill last June--but were sidetracked on the way to the Senate floor with a little thing we'll simply call Senate reorganization.  The agreement we announced last week incorporates three key principles that I have been promoting since the original McConnell-Torricelli bill last year.  Those principles are:  No. 1, respect for the primary role of States and localities in election administration;  No. 2, establishment of an independent, bipartisan commission appointed by the President to provide nonpartisan election assistance to the states; and  No. 3, strong antifraud provisions to cleanup voter rolls and reduce fraud. No longer will we have dogs, cats, and dead people registering and voting by mail.  On this last point, I want to tip my hat to Senator Bond, who has been a tireless champion and advocate for strong anti-fraud provisions. His work on this issue has been instrumental in achieving today's agreement.  Today's bill is a classic example of compromise. None of us got everything we asked for, but all of us got what we wanted: a bipartisan bill to dramatically increase the resources for and improve the process of conducting elections in America.  My goal throughout this process has been to ensure that everyone who is legally entitled to vote is able to do so, and that everyone who does vote is legally entitled to do so--and does so only once.  I believe today's agreement will help us achieve this goal.  I thank Senator Dodd for his unending and sometimes unrelenting devotion to this issue. I would also like to thank Senators Schumer, Bond, and Torricelli for their hard work and significant contributions to this legislation.  I thank the staffs of my colleagues who worked tirelessly on this effort over the past months. Specifically Kennie Gill and Veronica Gillespies of Senator Dodd's staff, Julie Dammann and Jack Bartling of Senator Bond's staff; Sharon Levin of Senator Schumer's staff; Sarah Wills and Jennifer Leach of Senator Torricelli's staff; and Tamara Somerville, Brian Lewis, and Leon Sequeira of my staff.  