 President, I rise today to discuss the patient protection legislation currently before the Senate. Over the past decade, as private health coverage has shifted from traditional insurance towards managed care, many consumers have expressed the fear they might be denied the health care they need by a health plan that focuses more on cost than on quality.  In response to these concerns, the Senate has considered several bills to provide sensible patient protections to Americans in managed care plans. During the last Congress, the Senate took at least 19 rollcall votes and passed two pieces of comprehensive patient protection legislation. Like many of my colleagues, I found these debates quite instructive, in that they called the Senate's attention to the numerous areas where there already exists a great deal of bipartisan agreement.  I believe that every American ought to have access to an emergency room. No parent should ever be forced to consider bypassing the nearest hospital for a desperately ill child in favor of one that is in their health plan's provider network. If you have what any normal person would consider an emergency, you should be able to go to the nearest hospital for treatment, period.  I believe that every American ought to be able to designate a pediatrician as their child's primary care physician. This common-sense reform would allow parents to take their child to one of their plan's pediatricians without having to get a referral from their family's primary care physician.  I believe a doctor should be free to discuss treatment alternatives with a patient and provide them with their best medical advice, regardless of whether or not those treatment options are covered by the health plan. Gag clauses are contractual agreements between a doctor and an HMO that restrict the doctor's ability to discuss freely with the patient information about the patient's diagnosis, medical care, and treatment options. We all agree that this practice is wrong and have voted repeatedly to prohibit it.  I believe that consumers have a right to know important information about the products they are purchasing, and health insurance is no different. Health plans ought to provide their enrollees with plainly written descriptions of the plan's benefits, cost sharing requirements, and definition of medical necessity. This will ensure that informed consumers can make the health care choices that are in their best interests and hopefully prevent disputes between patients and their plans.  In addition, the following examples highlight areas of bi-partisan agreement: Cancer Clinical Trials--Health plans ought to cover the routine costs of participating in clinical trials for patients with cancer; Point of Service Options--Health plans for large employers ought to offer a point of service option so that patient's can go to a doctor outside their plan's network, even if it means paying a little more; Continuity of Care--We ought to ensure that pregnant and terminally ill patients aren't forced to switch doctor's in the middle of their treatment; Formulary Reform--Health plans ought to include the participation of doctors and pharmacists when developing their prescription drug plans, commonly known as formularies; and Self-Pay for Behavioral Health Services--Individuals who want to pay for mental health services out of their own pockets ought to be allowed to do so.  These are items for which there is broad support among Democrats, Republicans, the White House, and most importantly, the American people. While their may not be unanimous agreement on every detail, I believe these disagreements could be resolved in relatively short order.  This may lead one to ask one very important question , ``If these ideas are so popular, why haven't they already been enacted?"  The answer is very simple, lawsuits. The Kennedy-McCain bill insists on vast new powers to sue. Leafing with abandon through the yellow pages under the word ``attorney'' is not what most Americans would call health care reform.  Simply put, I believe that when you are sick, you need to go to a doctor, not a lawyer. I am opposed to increasing litigation for the simple reasons that it will drive up premiums, force21,000 Kentuckians out of the health insurance market, prevent millions more uninsured from being able to purchase insurance, and aggravate an already seriously flawed medical malpractice system. I am opposed to exposing employers to onerous lawsuits, simply for doing what's right by their employees and providing them with health insurance. We ought to herald these employers, not sue them. While I am pleased the Senate adopted Ms. Snowe's additional employer protections, I am still concerned that millions of Americans may lose access to the quality health care that their employers provide.  The proponents of these costly new liability provisions contend that you can't hold plans accountable without expanding the right to sue employers and insurers. I couldn't disagree more. The proper way to ensure that plans are held accountable is to provide strong, independent external appeals procedures to ensure that patients receive the care they need. Far too many Americans are concerned that their health plan can deny them care. I believe that if a health plan denies a treatment on the basis that it is experimental or not medically necessary, a patient needs the ability to appeal that decision. The reviewer must be an independent, medical expert with expertise in the diagnosis and treatment of the condition under review. In routine reviews, the independent reviewer must make a decision within 30 days, but in urgent cases, they must do so in 72 hours. After all, when you are sick, don't you really need an appointment with your doctor, not your lawyer.  As if driving 1.26 million Americans out of the health insurance market wasn't reason enough to oppose the Kennedy-McCain bill, I am also strongly opposed to expanding liability because it exacerbates the problems in our already flawed medical malpractice system. I might not be so passionate in my opposition to new medical malpractice lawsuits, if lawsuits were an efficient mechanism for compensating patients who were truly harmed by negligent actions. Unfortunately, the data shows just the opposite. In 1996, researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health performed a study of 51 malpractice cases, which was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. In approximately half of those cases, the patient had not even been harmed, yet in many instances the doctor settled the matter out of court, presumably just to rid themselves of the nuisance and avoid lawyer's fees and litigation costs. In the report's conclusion, the researchers found that ``there was no association between the occurrence of an adverse event due to negligence or an adverse event of any type and payment.'' In everyday terms, this means that the patient's injury had no relation to the amount of payment recieved or even whether or not payment was awarded.  These lawsuits drag on for an average of 64 months--that is more than 5 years. Even if at the end of this 64 months, only 43 cents of every dollar spent on medical liability actually reaches the victims of malpractice, source: RAND Corporation, 1985. Most of the rest of the judgement goes to the lawyers. That is right, over half of the injured person's damages are grabbed by the lawyers. Why would anyone want to expand this flawed system, which is so heavily skewed in favor of the personal injury lawyers?  Prior to the first extensive debate on this legislation in the Senate in 1999, The Washington Post said that ``the threat of litigation is the wrong way to enforce the rational decision making that everyone claims to have as a goal'', source: The Washington Post 3/16/99, and that the Senate should enact an external appeals process ``before subjecting an even greater share of medical practice to the vagaries of litigation'', source: The Washington Post 7/13/99. More recently, the Post said that: ``Our instinct has been, and remains, that increasing access to the courts should be a last resort that Congress should first try in this bill to create a credible and mainly medical appellate system short of the courts for adjudicating the denial of care'', The Washington Post, 5/20/01. The Post is not alone in this view. My hometown paper, the Louisville Courier-Journal agreed when it stated that ``there is good reason to be wary of giving patients a broad right to sue.''  Over the past two weeks, the Senate has had numerous opportunities to improve this legislation. Unfortunately, the Senate missed far too many of them. In particular, we missed an opportunity to improve Kennedy-McCain bill when the Senate rejected Mr. Frist's Amendment, which would have established a more responsible mechanism for holding HMO's accountable in court and ensuring that patient's receive the care they need.  As I noted earlier, I support a majority of the patient protections included in this bill. That is why I take no joy in voting against this legislation. However, my concern for the 21,000 Kentuckians who will lose insurance because of the vast expansion of liability included in this bill prevents me from being able to support it. My colleague from Kentucky, Dr. Ernie Fletcher, has developed a compromise proposal in the House of Representatives which represents an improvement over the bill the Senate just passed. Therefore, I am hopeful that the House of Representatives will improve this product and that the Conference Committee will return to the Senate a bill that I can support, and that the President can sign into law.  