 President, on the subject of the Wellstone amendment, if my understanding is correct, I believe the Senator from Minnesota allows each State legislature to determine whether or not there could be asystem of taxpayer funding and spending limits imposed on Federal elections from that State.  There are a lot of issues we don't know much about in terms of public opinion. But we do have a pretty good sense of how people feel about having their tax dollars used to elect public officials. In a research project in September of 1999, the question was asked: Should public funding be provided for all candidates running for Congress? It was very simply put. The public responded yes, 25 percent; no, 56 percent; not sure, 18 percent.  The use of the term ``public funding'' produces a better result for the proponents of taxpayer funding of elections because ``public'' is presumed to be sort of a benign thing producing a positive response. I am unaware of what the answer would have been had the words ``taxpayer funding'' of elections been inserted, but we do know when Americans know it is their tax money that is being used, it produces a response sometimes ranking right up there with anger.  We have an opportunity every April 15 to have the biggest poll on this subject ever taken in America. It is the check off on our tax returns which doesn't add anything to our tax bill. It simply diverts $3 of taxes we already owe to the Presidential election campaign funds. It doesn't add to our tax bill. Last year, only about 12 percent of Americans checked off indicating they wanted to divert $3 of their tax bill away from children's nutrition or defense of the Nation or any other worthwhile cause the Government funds into a fund to pay for buttons and balloons at the national conventions which get some of the tax money, and the Presidential campaigns, which get some of that tax money.  Interestingly enough, this has continued to drop over the years. It was originally $1 when it was set up back in the mid-1970s. The high water mark of taxpayer participation was 29 percent in 1980. It has gone consistently down since then. Ten years ago, in order to make up for the lack of interest, when the other party was in charge of both Houses and the White House, the $1 check was upped to $3 so that fewer and fewer people could designate more and more money to make up for the lack of public interest in having their dollars pay for political campaigns.  In short, with all due respect to the Senator from Minnesota, who has been very straightforward about the fact he would like to have taxpayer funding of all elections in America, this is not an idea widely applauded by the American people. In fact, they hate it. Almost any way you ask the question, there is a negative response.  I hope this amendment will be defeated. It certainly takes us in exactly the wrong direction if the idea is to produce a campaign finance reform bill out of the Senate which might subsequently at some point be signed by the President of the United States. I think it is further noteworthy that the Presidential system is collapsing anyway. President Bush was able to raise more money because of his broad support across America and chose not to accept the public's subsidy and the speech restrictions on his campaigns that go along with that on a State-by-State basis.  Another candidate, Steve Forbes, obviously because of his own personal wealth, chose not to take public funding. I think that is a trend. I think you are going to see more and more candidates for President on both sides of the aisle deciding they do not want to use taxpayer funds for their elections because a number of bad things happen to you once you do that.  We know that once you opt into the system, you are stuck then with all the auditors and all the restrictions. We know one out of four of the dollars spent in Presidential elections has been spent on lawyers and accountants trying to help the candidates comply with all the rules that come along with it and of course also telling them how they can get around those rules.  So it is a pretty thoroughly discredited system that I think most Members of the Senate are not going to want carried over to congressional races as well. It is bad enough the Presidential elections are stuck with it. And of course they are ignoring it.  Issue advocacy was huge in the Presidential election. One of the reasons both sides have gone to using issue ads is the scarcity of hard dollars, even when supplemented with tax dollars in the Presidential race, a genuine scarcity in terms of the enormous audience you have to reach in America.  This is a system that simply does not allow the candidates for President to get out their own message. To give State legislatures the opportunity to impose that on us without our will, without acting at the Federal level, seems to me a particularly bad idea. I hope this amendment will not only be defeated but be soundly defeated.  I yield the floor and retain the remainder of my time.  