 The American people hate, detest, and despise the notion that their tax dollars would be used to fund political campaigns. We have the biggest survey in the history of America on this very subject taken every April 15 when Americans have an opportunity on their income tax returns to check off $3 of taxes they already owe to divert into the Presidential election campaign fund.  This is not an add-on to their tax burden. This is $3 in taxes they already owe. They have an option to divert that away from children's nutrition programs, or the national defense, or whatever might be considered worthwhile, into a fund that has been maintained since 1976, to pay for the campaigns for President of the United States and to buy buttons and balloons for the national conventions.  So we have this massive survey every April 15 in which Americans get to vote on this very issue. The high water mark of American participation in the Presidential checkoff was 28.7 percent. That was in 1980--about 20 years ago. At that time, the high water mark, 28.7 percent, of Americans were willing to divert $1 of the taxes they already owed into this fund. It has been consistently tracking down over the years to a point where about 10 years ago the Congress changed the dollar checkoff to $3, so fewer and fewer people could divert greater and greater amounts of money to try to make up for the shortfall that was occurring because of lack of participation, lack of interest, and opposition to the Presidential publicly funded elections.  In the 2000 campaign just completed, the 2000 Presidential primary, candidates were only able to receive a percentage of the matching funds they were due that year, even with three of the Republican candidates--Governor Bush, Steve Forbes, and Senator Hatch--not accepting taxpayer funds. So they have had a problem, even with the $3 checkoff, dealing with keeping this fund adequately up to snuff.  Now the other thing worthy of notice is, even if a State were to set up taxpayer funding of the election system, they could not constitutionally deny this money to fringe and crackpot candidates. It is worth noting that over the history of the taxpayer-funded system for Presidential elections that began a quarter century ago, taxpayers ponied up more than $1 billion overall, and $40 million of it has gone to candidates such as Lyndon LaRouche and Lenora Fulani. Larouche got taxpayer money while he was still in jail.  It is important for my colleagues to understand that even if a State, with concurrence of the candidates for Congress, decided to set up a taxpayer-funded scheme for the election for the Senate in that particular State, there would be no way, constitutionally, to restrict those funds to just the candidates of the Republican Party and the Democratic Party. So you would have an opportunity all across America to replicate the system we have had in the Presidential system, where fringe and crackpot candidates get money from the Treasury to pay for their campaigns for office.  I think this is really an issue that greatly separates many Senators philosophically, as to whether or not reaching into the Treasury--whether the Federal or State treasury--and providing subsidies for political candidates is a good idea. We used to call it food stamps for politicians. In the early nineties, it was called vouchers. Candidates were going to get taxpayer-paid vouchers for campaigns--food stamps for politicians, for goodness' sake. Can you imagine how the American people would feel about such an absurd idea?  So I certainly hope the Senate will not go on record as giving to the States the option to squander tax dollars in such an absurd way. I have some optimism about the bill we are currently debating, the McCain-Feingold bill, and I am authorized by Senator McCain to indicate that he intends to oppose this amendment. He doesn't think it would add to the underlying bill and go in the direction he would like.  So this is one of those rare occasions upon which Senator McCain and I will agree on an amendment, and we hope the overwhelming majority of the Senate will agree that authorizing the use of tax dollars for political campaigns is a uniquely bad idea--and already tried. We have had a 25-year experiment that has wasted over a billion dollars of taxpayer dollars and funded fringe candidates, including those in jail, and to replicate that in any of our States, it seems to me, is a very bad idea.  I hope Members of the Senate will oppose this amendment which will be voted upon shortly.  Are there any other Members who wish to speak?  