 President, America is indeed fortunate to have a distinguished public servant of the caliber of John Ashcroft who is willing to serve his country again, this time as Attorney General of the United States. John is certainly the most qualified Attorney General nominee of this century and perhaps in the Republic's history. John has impressive academic credentials and a unique blend of legal, executive, and legislative experience. I am confident that his qualifications, combined with his keen sense of duty and unshakeable integrity, will enable Senator Ashcroft to be one of the finest Attorneys General in the nation's history and to restore luster to a tarnished agency.  John is an honors graduate of Yale University. He received his law degree from the University of Chicago, one of the country's outstanding law schools. After graduating from law school, John returned home to Missouri where he practiced law and joined the faculty of what is now Southwest Missouri State University, teaching business law for five years. Following that, our colleague, then-Missouri Governor Kit Bond, appointed John to serve the citizens of Missouri as State Auditor.  John continued his legal career as an assistant Attorney General on the staff of our former colleague, then-Missouri Attorney General John Danforth. In this capacity, John Ashcroft gained invaluable first-hand knowledge of the day-to-day operation of an Attorney General's Department. This knowledge would serve him well when he became Missouri's Attorney General in 1976. John, in fact, served two terms as Missouri's highest law enforcement officer, and as a result of his eight year tenure in that office, obtained the managerial and executive experience needed to effectively run an Attorney General's Office. Under John's leadership, the Missouri Attorney General's Office earned a reputation for strictly enforcing the law, including laws with which Attorney General Ashcroft disagreed. John Ashcroft understood well his role as Missouri's Attorney General; he was acutely aware that Missourians twice-elected him to enforce the laws, and as his confirmation hearing before the Judiciary Committee clearly showed, John assiduously did so.  Because of his success as Attorney General, Missourians elected John their Governor in 1984 and again in 1988. To illustrate the utter ridiculousness of one of the most scurrilous charges leveled at John--that of being ``racially insensitive,'' as some are euphemistically saying--it must be noted that as Governor, John repeatedly reached out to black Americans. For example, he appointed the first black woman to the Western Missouri Court of Appeals; he established the state's first and only historic site honoring a black American, composer Scott Joplin; he led the fight to save Lincoln College, founded by black soldiers; and last month Missourians celebrated the birthday of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. because John Ashcroft signed that proposed holiday law. John also helped enact Missouri's first hate crimes legislation. In short, if John Ashcroft is ``racially insensitive,'' he certainly has a strange way of showing it.  After completing his second term as Governor, John began a career of national public service as Missouri's junior Senator in the United States Senate. As a member of this body, John broadened his legal experience by serving on the Judiciary Committee and by chairing its Subcommittee on the Constitution. He also continued to fight for the rights of all Americans, and was dedicated to the principle of equal treatment under the law. For example, John sponsored legislation providing equal protection for victims of crime, and he convened the first hearing on racial profiling, in which he stated for the record that racial profiling is unconstitutional. And as he did as Missouri Governor, John continued to support black judicial nominees, voting for 26 of 27 African-American nominees to the federal bench.  As impressive as John's qualifications are, what may be most impressive about him is his honor and integrity. I had the opportunity to witness first-hand a test of his character in my capacity as Chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee and Chairman of the Committee on Rules and Administration, which would have had jurisdiction over an election contest. As we all know, John lost a heartbreakingly close reelection bid last fall under unorthodox, and some would say, unlawful circumstances. After the election, my office was flooded with phone calls and petitions urging John to challenge the election, and lawyers lined-up to offer their services. Some argued that John should bring a constitutional challenge on the ground that it was patently unconstitutional to elect a deceased person to the United States Senate. Others wanted him to bring an election contest because of improprieties in the voting itself, such as the fact that heavily-Democrat precincts remained open after hours.  Either of these challenges may very well have proved successful, and John might still be a member of this body. But at a minimum, a challenge would have put Missourians--and the entire Senate--through a divisive ordeal, and it might well have left the good people of Missouri without full representation in the United States Senate. Always the public servant, this is something that John Ashcroft would not do. As particularly painful as this loss was, John never once considered challenging the election; he would not put his fellow Missourians through what the nation had to endure in Florida for thirty-five days. Moreover, he made it abundantly clear, both in public and in private, that he did not want others to do so either. Rather than cling to power in the hope of an eventual victory, John graciously conceded the election and wished our new colleague well.  This selfless action was that of a statesman, and it reminds me of the famous words of another statesman, Henry Clay, who said: ``I had rather be right than be President.'' John Ashcroft's response to this truly unique and difficult loss in November was essentially: ``I had rather be right than be Senator.'' And it is because of principled actions such as this that John is one of the most respected former members of this body. And because Democratic members know of John's character and integrity, they speak with confidence about the outstanding job he would do as Attorney General. For example, our former colleague, Senator Moynihan, stated that John ``will be a superb Attorney General.'' And our current colleague, Senator Torricelli, who knew of John's skill and character from their service together on the Judiciary Committee, stated that ``While I have obvious philosophical differences with John, his ability and integrity simply can't be questioned.''  Now despite John's experience and dedication to duty, I have heard a lot of people say that he is unfit to be Attorney General because of: (1) his strong and abiding faith in God; (2) his firm belief in law and order; and (3) his commitment to the Constitution, even when that commitment is at odds with those unbiased ``legal scholars'' on the editorial board of the New York Times. Far from disqualifying him from public service, however, these qualities only reinforce my belief that he will ably serve as the nation's chief law enforcement officer. The Senate would serve the nation by confirming him as Attorney General, and I urge it to do so.  