 HARKIN. Yes, I will, in a second.  Now in the amendment I am offering, they would be equal in terms of how much they could raise to spend. In fact, this amendment would help any of those challengers out there to get the message out.  Mr. McCONNELL. I say to my friend from Iowa, the problem is that spending is not important to the incumbent. As the Senator pointed out, the incumbent is already well known at the beginning of the campaign. If you liken this to a football field, the incumbent is down on the opponent's 40-, maybe 35- or 30-yard line at the beginning of the race, the typical challenger is back on his own 5. If they both have the same amount of money to spend, the incumbent wins. Spending beyond the Government-prescribed amount is way more important to the challenger than it is to the incumbent.  So simply adding up the figures doesn't tell you much. I mean, it is true that incumbents spend more than challengers; but it is almost irrelevant to the problem of the challenger, which is to have enough to get his message across. Having enough clearly is in the eye of the beholder. We incumbents, of course, will always set the limits low enough to make it very difficult for anybody to get at us.  For example, I believe the spending limit in Kentucky is $2.5 million under the Senator's proposal. That is about $300,000 or $400,000 more than I spent 17 years ago in a race in which I was outspent by the incumbent and won. That is about what two competitive House candidates spent last year, each, in one of our six congressional districts.  The proposal of the Senator from Iowa would be a big advantage to me, unless I happen to have been running against Jerome Kohlberg, about whom we have been talking every day. I will get back to that later today in another context. That billionaire put this full-page ad in the Post a couple days ago. These kinds of people are going to be more and more running the show--people of great wealth. This may help you guys because most rich people are liberals. We are going to have to come up with really rich conservatives, too, unless I am running against Jerome Kohlberg, in which case I am going to clearly be outspent. I don't need the Government, if I am a challenger, telling me how much I can spend, and I certainly don't need the Government giving the incumbent $2 out of the Treasury just as soon as I am beginning to get my message across and trying to catch up with that guy to head toward the end zone.  So I understand what the Senator is doing. I appreciate his recognition of the importance of nonseverability clauses. But this won't help challengers at all. In fact, it will be a great boon to incumbents.  