 President, how much time is remaining?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). Five minutes.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I commend the Senator from Utah for offering this amendment. This does not have anything to do with how the unions raise their money. We already voted down yesterday the opportunity for union members to get a refund of union dues spent on causes with which they don't agree.  So the AFL-CIO is essentially batting 1,000 so far.  All this is about is simple disclosure.  I remember last year when the section 527 bill came up. We did not hear anybody saying that it was a poison pill or that it was too burdensome. Why is all of a sudden a simple disclosure burdensome, as Senator Hatch pointed out. For a union member to find out how the money of his or her union is spent, he has to go over to the Department of Labor and establish just cause to be permitted to see how the funds have been spent.  Every corporation in America does more disclosure than that. They send out annual reports to shareholders. No union does that.  This is about as mild as it gets. All we are asking is for a simple disclosure to the public and to union members of how this money is spent.  It doesn't restrict their spending of the money. It doesn't in any way hamper their ability to raise the money. Simple disclosure is all the Hatch amendment is about, disclosure and sunlight.  What is there to hide? After all, this money comes from union members. Why are they not entitled, without having to buy a plane ticket and fly to the Department of Labor and convince some bureaucrat they have just cause to be permitted to see the records of how their union spent their money last year?  It seems to me that this is very basic and not very onerous.  It is interesting to listen to the opponents of this amendment try to think of arguments against it. About all they can come up with is it is burdensome.  It is also burdensome to have your dues taken and spent in ways that you are not entitled to find out unless you buy a plane ticket to come to the Department of Labor and sit down with some bureaucrat and establish just cause.  I do not know what the AFL-CIO is afraid of on this.  I assume the votes will not be there to approve this amendment because it is pretty clear that anything that has any impact whatsoever on organized labor--anything, any inconvenience, and now even simple disclosure and sunlight--is perceived as a poison pill. That is where we are in this debate.  I hope the Hatch amendment will be agreed to.  The reason paycheck protection didn't get more votes last night, of course, is because it also applied to corporations. And there are a numberof Members on our side who didn't want to apply that to corporations.  This is plain. It is simple. It is understandable, and it is essential to a functioning democracy.  It seems to me that this is an opportunity for the Senate, if it is serious about disclosure, to give union members and the public an opportunity to understand how union dues are spent.  