 President, I thank Senator Dodd and others for allowing Senator Hatch to modify hisamendment. We got into quite a tussle the other night over that issue. I am pleased to see the comity that the Senate normally enjoys. It has been exercised on this occasion. I thank everyone for allowing Senator Hatch to modify his amendment.  Let me say that this amendment has been described as a poison pill by the New York Times and the Washington Post and Common Cause. I think it is important for Members to understand what a ``poison pill'' is by their definition. A poison pill is anything that might affect labor unions. Disclosure and consent are universally applauded in the campaign finance debate. Disclosure and consent are the two principles upon which there is wide agreement on a bipartisan basis throughout this Chamber--unless it applies to labor unions.  What Senator Hatch is trying to do is to apply those principles--disclosure and consent--to organized labor in this country. Admittedly, the so-called paycheck protection amendment in the past has only applied to unions. Many of our Members have complained about that.  The senior Senator from Arizona, as recently as January 22, complained about the fact that it did not apply to shareholders. The junior Senator from Wisconsin, on the same day, was complaining about the paycheck protection proposal because it only applied, as he put it, to one player, the labor unions. Senator Kerry of Massachusetts, in the last year or so, was complaining about paycheck protection because it only applied to labor unions. Senator Lieberman, in February of 1998--just a couple years ago--I suspect it is still his view that paycheck protection is a problem because it does not apply to corporations. That is one of the principal arguments against so-called paycheck protection.  The Senator from Utah has now applied it to corporations. He has applied it. There is parity between unions and corporations. The goal is to ensure that all political money is voluntary.  In a corporation without shareholders, if the owner uses his money on politics, obviously, it is voluntary because it is his money. With shareholders, we need this legislation so executives do not decide for the shareholders.  In unions, the consent provision ensures political money from dues are voluntarily used for political purposes. And, of course, there are no privately held unions.  Paycheck protection is clearly constitutional. In Michigan State AFL-CIO v. Miller, the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a State statute requiring unions to get affirmative consent each year from union members. In fact, the court held that the affirmative consent requirement, similar to Senator Hatch's requirement, was not even subject to the highest degree of strict scrutiny. Rather, the court found the affirmative consent requirement so noncontroversial that it was subject only to intermediate scrutiny. And it survived intermediate scrutiny and survived review under this standard.  The court upheld the affirmative consent requirement explaining that:       By verifying on an annual basis that individuals intend to      continue dedicating a portion of their earnings to a      political cause, [the consent requirement] both reminds those      persons that they are giving money for political causes and      counteracts the inertia that would tend to cause people to      continue giving funds indefinitely even after their support      for the message may have waned. The annual consent      requirement ensures that political contributions are in      accordance with the wishes of the contributors.  So there is a binding Federal court precedent upholding affirmative consent requirements on unions. This case makes clear that such provisions are not even subject to strict scrutiny.  It is entirely possible that unions are the biggest spenders in our elections. But we do not know because they do not disclose the majority of their political activities. The numbers people use to say corporations outspend unions are suspect because they only include what unions disclose. But we can estimate what unions spend because there is no meaningful disclosure anywhere of what unions spend on political activities--such as phone banks, direct mail, voter identification, get-out-the-vote activity, candidate recruitment, political consulting, and other activities--in support of the Democratic Party. We must, admittedly, simply estimate what they spend.  By contrast, we have a very good idea what corporate America spends because almost all of its activity is limited to operating PACs and making soft money donations to parties, which, unlike big labor's ground game, are fully disclosed activities.  In estimating what unions spend, we should note that in Beck cases--and remember, the Beck case was about a nonunion member--it is not unusual for nonunion members, seeking a refund of the pro rata share of their fees that the union uses for activities unrelated to collective bargaining, to get back in excess of 70 percent. In the Beck case itself, Mr. Beck got back 79 percent.  So let's be very conservative and say that the unions spend 10 percent of the money they take in each year to help Democrats.  Now, let's look at how much unions take in from dues from members, agency fees from nonmembers, and other sources, such as their affinity credit card program. According to figures from the Department of Labor for 1999, the Auto Workers Union took in $308,653,016. The Steelworkers Union took in $569,198,286. The Machinists Union took in $167,201,344. The Carpenters Union took in $624,205,132. The Laborers International Union took in $133,921,734. The Food and Commercial Workers Union took in $316,458,642. The Airline Pilots Union took in $277,508,365. The Teamsters brought in $303,498,920.  I could go on. I have not yet included some of the largest unions, such as the Communications Workers, the Service Employees Union, the Hotel Workers Union, the National Education Association, and the Electrical Workers, all of which are among the largest unions in America.  But if we just add up what the eight unions I mentioned raked in during 1999, it amounts to $2,700,645,439. If we double this figure, to reflect what these eight unions took in during the 1999-2000 election cycle, it amounts to $5,401,290,878.  If these eight unions spent just 10 percent of this amount to help the Democrats in the last election, these eight alone spent $540 million. So it is safe to say that unions easily spend at least $\1/2\ billion for Democrats in each election cycle.  Independent academic research from Professor Leo Troy of Rutgers arrives at similar numbers, as do estimates from former high-ranking union officials, such as Duke Zeller, formerly a Teamsters official, who has acknowledged that big labor spent about $400 million for the Democrats and Bill Clinton in 1996.  Contrast this with $244 million total for all corporate and business association hard and soft money contributions to the Republican and Democratic Parties, including their congressional committees.  These figures regularly cited about business outspending labor 10 or 15 to 1 are based on questionable figures generated by the ``reform industry'' to reenforce its own mythology about how corrupt Congressmen are, in the pocket of big business. These estimates are not based on sound, unbiased FEC figures.  Moreover, the reformers' estimates only look at how much publicly disclosed hard and soft money businesses and labor give to parties and their candidates. They totally ignore the hundreds of millions big labor pour into its massive, undisclosed ground game operated on behalf of the Democratic Party.  The dirty little secret that big labor and its allies do not want anyone to know is that corporate America just makes contributions and may run up some issue ads once in a while to which we can assign a price tag, thanks to ad buy information. Big labor, on the other hand, makes some contributions, runs some issue ads, but that is just the tip of the iceberg. The vast majority of its political activity and money is dedicated to the ground game. These direct expenditures which completely dwarf what business spends on politics, even if they are only 5 to 10 percent of what big labor rakes in each year, aren't disclosed anywhere. Nowhere is this disclosed. And big labor's allies will do everything they can to make sure these massive expenditures that form the brunt of big labor's politicaloperation remain hidden away from the sunlight of disclosure.  The distinguished Senator from Massachusetts has noted that no corporation does get-out-the-vote operations. Unions offer the appearance of a legitimate democratic process but none of the reality, and disregard the interests of working men and women instead of representing them.  In 1959, Congress enacted the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act to protect the rights and interests of union members against abuses by unions and their officials. The act gave union members various substantive rights that were considered so crucial to ensuring that unions were democratically governed and responsive to the will of their membership that they were labeled the Bill of Rights of Members of Labor Organizations. The LMRDA made rank-and-file union members the sole guardians of protections set forth in the Bill of Rights for Members of Labor Organizations by prohibiting the Secretary of Labor from investigating violations of those rights.  Of course, Congress realized that the protections provided in the Bill of Rights for Members of Labor Organizations were meaningless if union members did not know of their existence. Therefore, in section 105 of the act, Congress mandated that ``every labor organization shall inform its members concerning the provisions of this chapter.'' Unfortunately, as demonstrated by the U.S. Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals recent decision in Thomas v. The Grand Lodge of the International Association of Machinists, a decision handed down in just January of this year, the officials at labor unions have frustrated the will of Congress and sought to prevent their members from learning of their rights by refusing to notify members of the act's protections when they join.  In Thomas, the union asserted that their one-time publication of the provisions of the act to their membership way back in 1959--the fact that they published it one time in 1959 --satisfied their obligation to notify their members. The court of appeals rejected this somewhat ingenious argument because it ran counter to the clear text of section 105 and because ``Congress clearly intended that each individual union member, soon after obtaining membership, be informed about the provisions of the act,'' including the Bill of Rights of Members of Labor Organizations.  This is the reality of union democracy and the contempt union leaders have for the rights and interests of working men and women. Unions still continue to fight disclosing to workers the basic rights Congress set forth back in 1959.  The reason the underlying amendment doesn't include ideological groups is that when you give to the Sierra Club, you know the causes they advocate. When people join unions or are forced to pay fees to unions, they probably don't know that unions use their dues for such things as an effort in 1996 to legalize marijuana in California. The Teamsters contributed $195,000 in union dues to support that particular effort. I wonder how many hard-working families of union members want their hard-earned dollars to be used for the legalization of marijuana. I cite that as an example of the way in which union dues can be used without the consent of members and on causes certainly the members are not likely to agree with.  Senator Hatch, through this important amendment, is trying to get at some of these problems. I commend him for his outstanding leadership on this issue over the years. We certainly hope this amendment will be approved.  I retain the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  