 President, I can safely say, unless it is the death of a family member, usually by a year after someone's passing you sort of have gotten over it and moved on. Yet here we are a year after the death of our good friend, Paul Coverdell, and Senator after Senator after Senator on both sides of the aisle is making the point that we have not gotten over it. We still miss him. We think about him almost every day because he was such an indispensable part of this Senate which people have come and left for over 200 years.  I met Paul back in 1988. I was one of the people trying to help President Bush get the Republican nomination--the first President Bush--and I was traveling in the South. It was not a pleasant week. The former President had lost the Iowa caucus. This was between Iowa and New Hampshire. His potential to be nominated was very much in doubt at that point. Part of my travels took me to Georgia where I met State Senator Paul Coverdell, obviously an intimate friend of the Vice President, and I was involved in his campaign in 1980, 8 years before that, prior to the nomination of President Reagan.  Our paths continued to cross. He came to Washington as Director of the Peace Corps. I was a member at the time of the Foreign Relations Committee and had a chance to deal with him. Then my wife, Elaine Chao, succeeded him as Director of the Peace Corps when Paul went off to have the most extraordinary experience in getting to the Senate. Paul has to be in the Guinness Book of Records for having won the most elections to get to the Senate.  He ran in Georgia in 1992. I don't know what the law of Georgia is today, but in 1992 you had to win a majority of the votes for your party to win the primary. If you didn't, there would be a runoff. So Paul had a very close primary election and had to have a runoff, an additional election, to get the nomination. So it took him two elections to become the Republican nominee in 1992. Then Georgia also had a curious law with regard to the general election. I don't know whether it is still the law of Georgia or not, but at that time in 1992 in order to be elected to the Senate you had to get 50 percent of the vote, plus one. Paul, in his contest against former Senator Wyche Fowler, had gotten about 47 percent of the vote. Wyche Fowler came up short of 50 percent, and there was a third party nominee, so that was the third election.  The fourth election was a runoff, a month after the regular election, after President Clinton had been elected, after everybody else who was going to serve in the Senate, if that Congress had been chosen. There was yet another election going on in Georgia, 30 days after the first election. Paul managed to win that election and came to be sworn in to the Senate, having had to win four elections in 1 year to get here.  I cite that not just to recount his resume but to make the point of what incredible tenacity it took to go through all of that to make it here.  As all of our colleagues have indicated, once he arrived, his personality, his work habits--he was peripatetic; he was everywhere. No matter what the issue might be, no matter what little group might be discussing a particular matter, Paul was always there in a nonthreatening way in a body in which people have a tendency to compete with each other constantly. His personality was such that no one ever thought of him as a competitor. His interests were vast, across the board, everything my colleagues have said, everything from education to foreign policy. He had wide interests.  He was elected to our leadership in the first term which, as Senator Nickles said earlier, is quite unusual in our party. He was unfailingly polite, competitive but polite, and had a way of engaging in politics to make friends rather than enemies. So many people in politics acquire numerous enemies in the process of participating in the business in which we are all engaged. Paul, quite the opposite, tended to add friends. He was a truly remarkable man, a leader not just for Georgia but for all of America. It was a great tragedy his life was cut short. He would have had many more years in the Senate making an enormous contribution to his State and the Nation and enriching the lives of all of us who had the privilege of getting to know him.  We still miss you, Paul, and we are confident we will see you again some day in the future.  I yield the floor.  