 President, I think everybody knows I would prefer not to have restrictions on soft money contributions to parties. The reason for that is I would like for the parties to be able to defend candidates and compete with these outside groups, that I confidently predict are not going to be restricted by anything we do here in this debate under the first amendment to the Constitution.  But legislating is always a matter of compromise. It seems to me the Hagel proposal casts a middle ground between people such as I who would not restrict the parties' ability to compete with outside groups, and people such as the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Wisconsin who would take away 40 percent of the budget of the RNC and the DNC and 35 percent of the budget of the two senatorial committees--a middle ground. We have the prohibitionists on one side who want to completely gut the parties, and those such as I who would like to see the parties continue to have an unfettered opportunity to compete with outside groups. What Senators Hagel and Breaux have done is try to strike a middle ground.  In addition, they deal with what I think is the single biggest problem in politics, the hard money contribution set back in 1974 when a Mustang cost $2,700. Let's look at campaign inflation, which has been much greater than the CPI for almost everything else. For a 50-question poll, over the last 26 years, the cost has increased 150 percent. The cost of producing a 30-second commercial, over the last 26 years, has increased 600 percent. The cost of a first-class stamp, over the last 26 years, has increased 240 percent. The cost of airing a TV ad, per 1,000 homes, over the last 26 years has increased 500 percent. Meanwhile, the number of voters candidates have to reach--which is the way they charge for TV time--has gone up 42 percent over the last 26 years.  Back in 1974, when this bill was originally passed, the Federal Election Campaign Act, we had 141 million Americans in the voting age population. In 1998, it was 200 million in the voting age population. An individual's $1,000 contribution back in 1980 to a $1.1 million campaign represented only .085 percent of the total. That was the average cost of a campaign in those days. If the contribution limits had been tripled for the last election to adjust for inflation since 1974, an individual's $3,000, which would have been allowed had we allowed indexation initially, to the average $7 million campaign would have been only .04 percent of thetotal--less as a percentage of the campaign than it was 26 years ago. There is no corruption in that.  In addition to that, raising the contribution limits on hard money gives challengers a chance. They typically don't have as many friends and supporters as we do. To compete, they have to pool resources from a much smaller number of people. One of the big winners, if we indexed the hard money limit, would be challengers. The contribution limits date to a time of 50-cents-a-gallon gasoline and 25-cent McDonald's hamburgers.  This is absurd. That is the single biggest problem we need to deal with. Michael Malbon, one of the professors active in this field, said:       We expected thousand-dollar contributors to include many      lobbyists who would favor incumbents. That is not what we      found. In Senate races in 1996 and 2000, 70 percent of the      thousand-dollar contributions went to non-incumbents.  With regard to constitutionality, let me say again that I am not wild about limiting the party's ability to speak while allowing outside special interest groups to use large, unregulated, undisclosed contributions.  There is a legitimate constitutional question as to whether the courts will uphold the restrictions on the ability of political parties to engage in free speech.  The all-or-nothing debate over banning soft money has grown a bit tired and stale for many in the Senate--and, I would guess, many in the press who have had the misfortune of covering this issue for the past several years.  Senator Hagel and Senator Breaux along with their cosponsors have sought a middle ground that leaves neither side particularly happy--which leads me to believe that they have probably gotten it about right.  Those like myself who want to see our great political parties prosper and compete with unregulated outside special interest groups prefer no additional restrictions on soft money.  Those, like my colleague from Arizona or my colleague from Wisconsin, who want to take away 30 to 40 percent of the budgets of the great political parties by banning all non-Federal money are adamant that it must be their way or no way. A total ban on party soft money is their starting point in the negotiation and, unfortunately, their ending point.  I say to my friend from Nebraska, he has probably hit it about right. He is somewhere in the middle between me and my colleague from Arizona, John McCain.  I commend the cosponsors of Hagel-Breaux for their thoughtful effort to find a third way, a middle ground between those who want a total ban--the prohibitionists, you might call them--and those who want unfettered speech by America's political parties.  I want to briefly touch on two points in discussing the bipartisan Hagel-Breaux compromise. First, I want to talk about the dire need to increase the hard money limits, and, then I will offer my thoughts as to why the Hagel-Breaux compromise is more likely to be upheld as constitutional than McCain-Feingold.  I must state again that I am not wild about limiting the parties' ability to speak while allowing the outside special interest groups to use large, unregulated, undisclosed contributions to drown out the voices of parties and candidates.  There is a legitimate constitutional question as to whether the courts will uphold restrictions on the ability of political parties to engage in issue speech.  Ultimately, however, I believe that Hagel-Breaux is far more likely to be upheld than McCain-Feingold.  First, and most importantly, McCain-Feingold completely bans party soft money from corporations and unions. The Hagel-Breaux compromise, however, only places a cap on party soft money from unions and corporations, thus leaving unions and corporations with a meaningful avenue for supporting America's political parties.  There is a significant qualitative and constitutional difference between a ban and a cap. For example, the Supreme Court in Buckley upheld a contribution cap in the 1974 law. The legacy of Buckley is reasonable caps, not bans. A cap sets limits on the right to speak. A ban completely forecloses the right to speak. I would argue that we should have neither. But, if you have to choose one, then the lesser restriction has a far greater chance of being upheld under first amendment analysis.  In short, there is clearly a constitutional difference between a reasonable cap and a total ban. It is the difference between prohibition and moderation. I submit to my colleagues that corporations and unions participating in American politics and supporting our great parties is a virtue, not a vice. It may be wise--as Senators Hagel and Breaux suggest--to moderate that influence, but it is certainly unwise to prohibit it.  Let me touch on one other point--a myth, really. We have heard some in the Senate argue that corporations and unions have been banned from politics for the better part of the 20th century. No myth could be more pervasive or more untrue. Corporations and unions have never been banned from participating in politics in America. Anyone who knows the history of labor unions will tell you that the unions have been and continue to be one of the most significant players in American politics. Regardless of what you think of the labor unions, what they are doing today with non-Federal money is not illegal activity. I hear speaker after speaker on the other side get up and directly imply that labor unions are somehow doing something illegal by participating in politics. I may disagree with the unions on some of their issues, but I will firmly and proudly defend there right to participate in politics. The often-repeated and implicit statement that big labor is engaging in illegal activity by participating in politics is just plain wrong, and, that implicit and pervasive allegation should stop.  There is absolutely nothing in the Tillman Act or the Taft-Hartley Act that prohibits corporations and unions from giving to political parties. This is a gross misstatement and misreading of the plain language of well-established law.  Of course, the Hagel-Breaux compromise--unlike McCain-Feingold--seeks a constitutional middle ground on regulating outside groups by requiring that files on ad buys be available for public inspection. This increases accountability without requiring donor disclosure and membership lists of outside groups who dare to speak out on public issues in proximity to elections. The McCain-Feingold, Snowe-Jeffords approach has been struck know as recently as last year by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. I commend my colleagues for recognizing the boundaries of the first amendment's guarantee of free speech and free assocaiton.  Finally, unlike McCain-Feingold, Hagel-Breaux recognizes that there is not only a first amendment, there is a tenth amendment. The tenth amendment limits the Federal Government's powers to mandate and dictate to States. McCain-Feingold tramples the tenth amendment almost as vigorously as it does the first amendment.  For example, McCain-Feingold would tell State and local parties that they must follow Federal law and Federal contribution and expenditure limits for a whole host of activities in years where there happens to be a Federal candidate on the State or local ballot.  Let me give you an example: Under McCain-Feingold, if the Sioux City Republican Party decided next year that it wanted to register voters in the final 4 months before election day to increase turnout for the Sioux City sheriff's race, then it would have to pay for the voter registration with money raised under strict Federal contribution limits. The same would be true if the local party in Sioux City wanted to print up buttons and bumper stickers that said ``Vote Republican'' to increase turnout for the local jailer's race. The Sioux City Republicans would have to operate under Federal law on contribution limits.  Hagel-Breaux, on the other hand, avoids understands the varied and diverse role of political parties at the national, State and local level and avoids such massive, overbearing, and unwise Federal regulation.  Finally, the Hagel-Breaux compromise provides a rational justification for its limits. The Hagel-Breaux compromise takes the exact contribution limits upheld by the Supreme Court in Buckley and adjusts thoselimits for a quarter-century of inflation. I believe there is a good chance that the courts would view that sensible rationale as reasonable and constitutional.  In closing, let me say that I am not wild about this legislation, but I think it seeks and finds a middle ground, a third way for Senators on both sides of the aisle to come together and move forward in the spirit of bipartisan compromise. I commend my colleague from Nebraska and my colleague from Louisiana for their willingness to step into the breach.  