 President, the arguments about the mechanics of the Hatch amendment are a sham. The Securities and Exchange Commission has managed to figure out ways to determine who is a shareholder and when, so that shareholders can be sent annual statements and proxies. Regulators are quite capable of handling these issues.  There has been mentioned on the floor, ``the appearance of corruption.'' Let me ask a question. Why does it create the appearance of corruption for a union or citizen group to run an ad criticizing our voting records around election time, such that it justifies regulation under the Snowe-Jeffords language that is in the underlying McCain-Feingold bill, but it does not create the appearance of corruption of the process for that same soft money from advocacy groups and unions to be used for phone banks, leaflets, mailings, and other things designed to criticize candidates and influence elections?  This is absurd. Remember when you hear the words ``poison pill,'' you know it is an amendment that may have some impact on organized labor.  It has been suggested by the sponsors and others that the Beck decision, which of course applied to nonunion members working in union shops, was codified in the underlying McCain-Feingold bill.  I have a statement from the lawyer who represented Mr. Beck in that case, dated January 30 of this year. He said:       I have reviewed section 304. As one of the attorneys for      the nonmembers in Beck, and objecting nonmembers in several      cases following Beck, I can assure you that section 304 of      McCain-Feingold-Cochran does not codify Beck. It would gut      Beck.       The federal courts and the National Labor Relations Board      (``NLRB'') now both have jurisdiction over claims of misuse      of compulsory dues for political and other nonbargaining      purposes. The jurisdiction is concurrent, because such claims      are claims for breach of the ``judicially created duty of      fair representation'' owed to workers by their exclusive      bargaining agents . . .  The Lawyer goes on:       However, section 304 of McCain-Feingold-Cochran would amend      section 8 of the NLRA expressly to make it an unfair labor      practice for a union to ``not to establish and implement [an]      objection procedure'' by which nonmembers compelled to pay      dues as a condition of employment can obtain a reduction in      their dues for ``expenditures supporting political activities      unrelated to collective bargaining.''       If this amendment to the NLRA becomes law, then the courts      are likely to hold that Congress intended to oust the courts      of jurisdiction to enforce the prohibition on such      spending.\5\ That would leave individual workers with no      effective means of enforcing their Beck rights, as history      demonstrates . . .  Further in the statement the lawyer points out:       Many Beck cases do not even make it to the Board, because      the NLRB's General counsel does not prosecute them      vigorously. According to the National Right to Work Legal      Defense Foundation's Staff Attorneys, who have represented      most employees who have filed Beck charges with the Board,      the General Counsel has settled many Beck charges with no      real relief for the charging employees. The Board's Regional      Directors have refused to issue complaints on and dismissed      many other charges at the direction of the General Counsel.      No appeal from a dismissal of a charge is possible, because      the General Counsel has ``unreviewable discretion to refuse      to institute unfair labor practice proceedings.'' . . .  The Lawyer continues:       Thus, by vesting Beck-enforcement authority in the NLRB,      the McCain-Feingold-Cochran amendment to the NLRA would leave      no real remedy available to objecting employees who wish to      bring Beck claims that a union's spending of compulsory dues      or fees, or its objection procedure, breaches the duty of      fair representation.       Section 304 of McCain-Feingold-Cochran, if it becomes law,      would legislatively overrule almost 40 years of decisions of      the United States Supreme Court concerning what union      activities objecting nonmembers may be compelled to subsidize      . . .  Far from codifying Beck, this underlying bill basically neutralizes Beck.       Section 304 of McCain-Feingold-Cochran purports to limit      the use of compulsory union dues and fees. In fact, it is      craftily drafted to overrule the Supreme court's      interpretation of the federal labor laws and sanction the      use, now prohibited, of compulsory dues and fees for a broad      range of political, ideological and other non-bargaining      purposes.       Section 304 effectively would overrule the Court's      decisions in Ellis and Beck for employees forced under the      NLRA to pay union dues and fees to keep their jobs, because      section 304 does not prohibit the use of compulsory dues for      all activities unnecessary to the performance of a union's      duties as the exclusive bargaining agent for the objecting     employees' bargaining unit. Rather, section 304 prohibits the      use of compulsory union dues only for ``political activities      unrelated to collective bargaining.'' Section 304, if      enacted, thus would permit the use of compulsory funds for      union organizing, litigation not concerning the nonmembers'      bargaining unit, and the portions of union publications that      discuss those subjects, uses now prohibited under Ellis and      Beck.       Even worse, section 304 would repudiate the 1961 decision      in Street that no political and ideological activities may be      subsidized with compulsory dues and fees. Section 304 would      not prohibit the use of compulsory funds for all political      activities, but only ``political activities unrelated to      collective bargaining,'' which it defines as only      ``expenditures in connection with a Federal, State, or local      election or in connection with efforts to influence      legislation unrelated to collective bargaining.'' (Emphasis      added.) This definition would not prohibit the use of      compulsory dues and fees for political party activities not      in connection with an election, lobbying on judicial and      executive branch appointments, campaigning for and against      ballot propositions, and publications and public relations      activities on political and ideological issues not directed      to specific legislation. Moreover, because most legislation      on which unions lobby could be said to be ``related to      collective bargaining,'' the McCain-Feingold amendment would      effectively prohibit the use of compulsory dues and fees only      for and against candidates for public office . . .  Mr. President, you get the drift. Beck is effectively repealed by the underlying McCain-Feingold legislation.  I do not know how many more speakers we have.  How much time do I have remaining?  