Speaker, I stand in strong support of House Resolution 1296, a bipartisan resolution which expresses the sense of the U.S. House of Representatives that National Child Awareness Month should be established in the month of September  September is traditionally back-to-school month, a time when families focus on preparing children for the coming school year. Recognizing September as National Child Awareness Month will heighten the American public's attentiveness to the importance of our children's health, education, safety and character development through the ongoing efforts of numerous organizations and individuals who help protect and nurture them. With this resolution we express our support for a month-long effort to recognize the importance of children in our society as they grow into responsible citizens.  It is widely recognized that a strong, supportive family unit is the most important factor in the well-being of a child. Unfortunately, this is no guarantee that every child will have a support system to rely on. Thankfully there are many caring organizations that provide for children in need.  Even children with solid support systems benefit from youth-serving organizations. They enrich their lives through activities such as sports, the arts, philanthropy and further education outside the classroom.  I would like to extend my sincerest appreciation to the 50 bipartisan cosponsors. I would also like to thank the gentlelady from Orange County, my Democratic lead cosponsor, Loretta Sanchez, for her efforts on behalf of this resolution. In addition, I would like to extend a special thanks to the Education and Labor Committee leadership and staff for moving the billquickly. And I look forward to working with the Senate to have a companion resolution pass in the Senate Chamber. It is my hope that the administration will, by Presidential proclamation, also designate September as National Child Awareness Month so that the many child-focused programs of the Federal Government might be also highlighted.  Finally, I commend the many local and national youth-serving organizations and charities dedicated to the well-being of children.  