Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6633. As the original author of E-Verify in 1996, I have monitored the development of the program closely over the last 12 years. It has evolved from a humble five-State pilot program to a program that is available nationwide with over 78,000 employers participating.  All employers in the United States are required by law to hire legal workers. E-Verify is the only tool available to employers to check the work status of newly-hired employees. It is timely, user-friendly, free to employers, and 99.5 percent accurate. In fact, 94.2 percent of checks to the system receive an instant green light to work.  To date, for fiscal year 2008, over 5 million queries to the system have been run successfully. A total of 3.2 million queries were made for fiscal year 2007, and 1.7 million queries were made for fiscal year 2006. Two States, Arizona and Mississippi, have made E-Verify mandatory, and almost all 50 States have legislation pending that would require the use of E-Verify at some level in the State. Individuals who receive a tentative non-confirmation have eight business days to contact the Social Security Administration or the Department of Homeland Security to start the process to clarify that status.  DHS has also implemented the Photo Tool program for noncitizens who are authorized to work in the United States. The Photo Tool allows employers to check the photo presented on the employment authorization document with a photo in the DHS database.  As the State of Arizona has demonstrated, E-Verify prevents individuals here illegally from obtaining work, and it solves the problem of deportation, since most people choose to self-deport when they are unable to find a job. E-Verify has proved it is effective, and it is imperative we do not let the program expire on November 30 of this year.  H.R. 6633 extends E-Verify for an additional 5 years and requires two GAO reports that I believe will reaffirm the effectiveness and accuracy of this program. This legislation codifies the annual payment agreement between the Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration to ensure that SSA is receiving the funds necessary to run E-Verify.  I commend Representative Giffords for her sponsorship of the bill. I thank Subcommittee Chairwoman Lofgren, Ranking Member King, Chairman Conyers and Ranking Member Smith for their work on this effort as well. The American people have voiced their strong support for E-Verify. I encourage my colleagues to vote for H.R. 6633 and extend E-Verify for an additional 5 years.  