  I talked about people who were driven by their passions, who want to grow their businesses, who want to hire, but who have been stymied by the lack of credit flowing from our banks.  I talked about the drivers of our economy and job creation. But if small businesses are the driver of our economic recovery, then our community banks are the engine. Right now we all know that engine is in neutral. That is because for far too long, our community banks have been ignored in our economic recovery.  Since this recession began, we have seen banks fail one after another, lending dry up to our small businesses, and job growth suffer. While Wall Street institutions, such as AIG and Goldman Sachs, were deemed ``too big to fail,'' the collapse of our community banks has apparently been ``too small to notice.''  Last year, I introduced the Main Street Lending Restoration Act which would have directed $30 billion to help jump-start small business lending. That is why I have spoken with Secretary Geithner and President Obama about this directly and why I have been pushing so hard to make small business lending a priority.  I have felt very strongly that we have to focus more on our community banks if we want to make progress and bring true recovery to our Main Street businesses. It is why I am so proud to stand here today and support this bill. I thank Senator Landrieu and others for working with us in creating the Small Business Lending Fund and the State Small Business Credit Initiative.  This Small Business Lending Fund takes the most powerful idea from my Main Street Lending Restoration Act and sets aside $30 billion to help our local community banks--those that are under $10 billion in assets--to help them get the capital they need to begin lending to our small businesses again. It is going to reward the banks that are helping our small businesses grow by reducing the interest rates on capital that they get under this program, and it will help our small support business initiatives run by our States across the country that are struggling because of local budget cutbacks. And, as Senator Landrieu has told us, it will save taxpayers an estimated $1 billion.  It is a bill that should have broad support and, in fact, it does from small business groups of all stripes, community bankers, and so many others across this country who have found common cause with this bill.  Once again we are finding ourselves faced with opposition from the other side. Once again a commonsense bill that will save taxpayers money is being held hostage by political calculation. I think an editorial in yesterday's Seattle Times on this bill summed up some of the frustration in living rooms and communities across the country very well on the obstruction we see every day.  