 President, I rise today to express my strong opposition to the resolution before us that would block the EPA from regulating greenhouse gas emissions and protecting our families and the environment.  This resolution is not based on science, and I feel strongly it would be a step in the wrong direction for our country. We know greenhouse gas emissions are dangerous for our environment and to our families' health.  The science on this issue is clear, and it is something people in my home State of Washington take very seriously. Climate change would wreak havoc on much of what our families treasure--our forests, our coastlines, our salmon habitats, and our farmland.  The debate we should be having today ought to be how we move forward on that issue, not how to obstruct and stall and maintain the status quo. What we should be discussing is how to pass a comprehensive climate and energy bill that would reduce our dependence on foreign oil, support our national security objectives, and unshackle this economy; that would tap the creative energy of our Nation's workers and create millions of good, family-wage jobs here in this country and make sure our workers continue leading the way in the 21st-century economy.  I know there are several proposals that have been put on the table on this issue, but we can't just simply block EPA's endangerment findings and expect our greenhouse gas emission problem to resolve itself. I know there are industries that have concerns about being regulated. I understand they would prefer a legislative solution. I would too. But we have to keep moving forward so we can address this critical issue, and blocking the EPA's endangerment finding is a step backward toward the failed environmental policies of the past.  The law on this is clear. The Supreme Court has ruled that the EPA has the authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. A lengthy process was conducted to determine this endangerment finding, and the public, as well as the business community, has been fully engaged throughout. In fact, as has been said, the auto industry opposes this resolution because it would put them right back into a state of regulatory uncertainty.  If we look at vehicles alone, the national clean car standards as proposed under the Clean Air Act will cut carbon pollution from vehicles by 30 percent. In my home State, the transportation sector accounts for more than 50 percent of greenhouse gas emissions. And increased fuel efficiency standards will save our families money at the pump and it will cut demand for oil by an estimated 450 million barrels over the life of this program. All of that is threatened by this resolution.  It is especially disappointing to see this on the floor while images of oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico and devastating the local environment and economy continue to be shown on every news channel in this Nation.  The resolution we are debating today is going to take us back to the failed old policies that have made us more and more dependent on oil. If the big oil companies and their lobbyists get their way on this vote, our families will continue to spend more on fuel, and it will be a lot harder for our economy to make the shift to cleaner and more efficient sources of energy.  The longer we put off dealing with greenhouse gas emissions, the more itwill cost our economy, our environment, and our health. So I strongly oppose this resolution that prioritizes big oil companies over our families and our small business owners. I hope that after this, we can work together to find real solutions.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  