 Byrd. It certainly is a sad day for the Senate, for all the people of West Virginia who loved this man so much, and for the entire country, as we mourn the loss of the Nation's longest serving Senator.  Robert C. Byrd was a historian, a poet, and he truly was a master of the Senate. We have heard a lot about this remarkable man. A lot of it bears repeating today. He was the longest serving Member in the history of this institution. He had courage. He had humility. He had intelligence. He had a vision that helped lead the Senate for many years. But he also showed us that one can change over time and admit their wrongs and move on and fight for what they believe is right.  His principled stands are what I will remember most about him. I was so proud, back in 2002, to stand with him and a total of 23 Senators who voted against the Iraq war. I will not forget how strong he was, reminding us that as a country we do not have to act out of fear. I was proud to stand with him many times since then, when he would knowingly wink at me and remind us of the 23 who stood tall in the Chamber that day.  His floor speeches were legendary. I remember so many times throughout my tenure with him as he railed on the floor about whatever passion he had at the moment, whether it was his little dog he would tell us a story about or some part of history he wanted to remind us of, always with a point at the end. I remember his compassion as he spoke, and his flailing arms. He always reminded us that we are human beings here. He had a true way with words, and he literally wrote the book on the Senate. Most importantly, he protected this institution from every attack.  To his very last days here he was weighing in on proposed changes to the filibuster rule, a rule he played a central part in reforming three decades ago.  But the true honor of serving with Senator Byrd came from his personal touch. I personally so remember my very first meeting many years ago with Senator Byrd. I came here as a brandnew Senator in 1993. I wanted to serve on the Appropriations Committee, the committee he chaired. It is a very powerful committee. It was a big ask for a freshman Senator coming in. I was told that in order to get that seat, I would have to call him up and ask for a personal meeting. That was pretty intimidating, coming here brandnew and asking for a meeting with the chair of the entire Appropriations Committee.  He granted the meeting. I remember walking over to the Capitol to his office and not knowing what to expect. I couldn't have known what to expect because, when I walked in, I found this warm, wonderful, cordial human being. He regaled me with stories from his youth and talked about being a coal miner's son and the poverty he grew up in. He showed me his fiddle he was so proud of but that he played no more. He told me poetry he recited from memory. I remember sitting in his office and thinking: I can't believe I am sitting here with a part of history. 