 President, I come to the floor today to commemorate and celebrate the lives of seven police officers from my home State of Washington who lost their lives in service to their communities last year.  I am proud to join today with Senator Cantwell during National Police Week to introduce the Washington State Law Enforcement Memorial resolution to extend the condolences of the Senate to the families, loved ones, and communities of our State's fallen heroes.  This week tens of thousands of people from across the country are going to be gathering at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, DC--friends and families of fallen officers, ordinary citizens, elected officials, and fellow police officers. They will be joining together in the heart of our city in a tree-lined park splashed with daffodils and lined with two curving blue-gray marble walls. On those walls--the ``Pathways of Remembrance''--are engraved the names of Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice for the safety and protection of our Nation and its people--18,600 of them, dating back to the 18th century.  Among those crowds at that memorial this week will be men and women from the State of Washington who have flown all the way across the country to be here as seven new names are unveiled and carved into the marble and preserved for our Nation to honor.  The seven officers from Washington State who lost their lives last year in the line of duty are: Deputy Sheriff Stephen Michael Gallagher, Jr. of the Lewis County Sheriff's office; Officer Timothy Brenton of the Seattle Police Department; Officer Tina Griswold of the Lakewood Police Department; Officer Ronald Wilbur Owens II of the Lakewood Police Department; Sergeant Mark Joseph Renninger of the Lakewood Police Department; Officer Gregory James Richards of the Lakewood Police Department; and Deputy Sheriff Walter Kent Mundell, Jr. of the Pierce County Sheriff's Department.  These seven remarkable and selfless officers represented the best of their communities. They were seven heroes who served proudly as a brave boundary between civil society and the worst elements of lawlessness and unrest; seven husbands, wives, fathers, and mothers whose losses have devastated families and torn apart communities and whose deaths have weighed heavily on every member of our State's law enforcement community. Each of these tragedies sheds new light on the enormity of the sacrifice police officers make every day in Washington State and across the country. I know our officers feel this weight, but I have no doubt they will never let it stop them from continuing to put themselves in harm's way in order to serve our communities. That is a testament to the commitment they make to serve and protect us. It is an oath they honor each day, and it is a reminder to all of us that these brave men and women deserve every ounce of support we can provide to keep them safe.  It is with great pride that I introduce the Washington State Law Enforcement Memorial resolution to commemorate and celebrate the lives of those seven officers. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with their families, and I join their communities, Washington State, and the entire Nation in gratitude for their service.  I yield the floor.  