 President, I rise today in support of S. 1237, the Homeless Veterans and Other Veterans Health Care Authorities Act of 2010.  I just had the opportunity to meet with an amazing woman named Natalie and her two children who are actually here in Washington right now.  Natalie is currently living in Issaquah in my home State of Washington--but she has been through some tough times over the past few years.  She is a Navy veteran and a single mom. But she became homeless in 2007 when she couldn't find work and had to move out of the house she was staying in.  Like most moms, Natalie wanted nothing more than to provide her two children with the stable and loving home every family deserves--so she fought to secure transitional housing, and she was very fortunate to find a program called Hopelink in Washington State that gave her the support she needed to get back on her feet.  Natalie is now back in stable housing, taking care of her children, and advancing in her nursing career--and she is here in Washington, DC, today to help make sure no other family has to face the challenges she overcame so bravely.  Unfortunately, not every family gets the support that Natalie's did.  Homeless women veterans and homeless veterans with children are two terribly vulnerable groups that are growing by the day.  Back in my home State of Washington, veterans service organizations and homeless providers have told me they are seeing more homeless veterans coming for help than ever before.  And, unfortunately, more and more of these veterans are women, have young children, or both.  In fact, female veterans are between two and four times as likely to be homeless than their civilian counterpart and they have unique needs and often require specialized services.  That is why I introduced the Homeless Women Veterans and Homeless Veterans with Children Act with Senator Jack Reed and Senator Tim Johnson.  This legislation would take three big steps forward toward tackling the serious problems facing this vulnerable group.  First of all, it would make more front-line homeless service providers eligible to receive special needs grants.  This would help organizations in Washington State and across the country help support families like Natalie's.  It would also expand special needs grants to cover homeless male veterans with children, as well as the dependents of homeless veterans themselves.  And it would extend the Department of Labor's Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program to provide workforce training, job counseling, child care services and placement services to homeless women veterans and homeless veterans with children.  It is so important that we not just provide immediate support--but that we also make sure our veterans have the resources and support they need to get back on their feet.  In addition to helping homeless veterans, S. 1237 also includes a number of other provisions aimed at supporting our nation's heroes.  It extends eligibility to health care for certain veterans with disabilities who served in the Persian Gulf war.  It would establish a medical center report card to allow veterans and their families access to transparent performance comparisons between VA facilities and between VA and non-VA sites.  And it would direct the VA to enable State veterans' homes to admit parents who had a child die while serving in the Armed Forces.  This is a very personal issue for me.  Growing up, I saw firsthand the many ways military service can affect both veterans and their families.  My dad served in World War II and was among the first soldiers to land on Okinawa. He came home as a disabled veteran and was awarded the Purple Heart.  Like many soldiers of his generation, my father didn't talk about his experiences during the war. In fact, we only really learned about them by reading his journals after he passed away.  And I think that experience offers a larger lesson about veterans in general. They are reluctant to call attention to their service, and they are reluctant to ask for help.  That is why we have to publicly recognize their sacrifices and contributions.  It is up to us to make sure that they get the recognition they have earned.  And it is up to us to guarantee that they get the services and support they deserve.  This bill passed through the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee with strong bipartisan support, and that is how it should be, because supporting our veterans shouldn't be about politics--it should be about what kind of country we want the United States to be and about what our priorities are as a nation.  In his second inaugural address in 1865, President Lincoln said our Nation had an obligation to ``care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his orphan.''  Now, in 2010, I believe we not only need to care for him--we need to care for her and for his and her families and for every man and woman coming home after serving our country so bravely.  That is why I am proud to stand here today for Natalie, her children, and families just like hers across the country--to urge my colleagues to support S. 1237, the Homeless Veterans and Other Veterans Health Care Authorities Act of 2010.  I hope we can pass this expeditiously off the floor and get these services out to the men and women who have served us all so well.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  