25 minimum wage today is virtually a starvation wage which forces people into welfare is not to understand the reality of what is going on in America today. The minimum wage today is 20 percent lower in purchasing power than it was in 1970.  If we are serious, it seems to me, about welfare reform, then we must begin to talk about a real jobs program which rebuilds America. There is an enormous amount of work that could be done. We could take people off of welfare and put them to work rebuilding America, but we are not hearing that discussion from our Republican friends.  If we are serious about welfare reform, we must talk about raising the minimum wage to a living wage so people can escape from poverty and earn enough money to take care of their children.  If we are serious about welfare reform, we must improve our child care capabilities. What mother, what father can go out to work and leave his or her children abandoned in a house or an inadequate child care capabilities? That would be wrong.  If we are serious about welfare reform, we must educate our people and provide job training so they can, in fact, go out and earn the wages that they need and the dignity that they want.  The last point I want to make before I give the floor over to my good friend from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur] is to say that when we talk about welfare reform, which is a very important subject, we should also understand that welfare reform for the poor is only one part of the issue. We should also be talking about welfare reform for the rich and welfare reform for the large multinational corporations.  Studies done by conservative groups such as the CATO Institute, liberal groups like Ralph Nader's Public Citizen, moderate groups like the Democratic Leadership Council's Progressive Policy Institute have demonstrated that there are tens and tens and tens of billions of dollars in welfare that go to the rich and go to the big corporations. So if we are serious about welfare reform, I think it is appropriate we begin that debate as well.  I am now happy to introduce my good friend from Ohio, Marcy Kaptur.  