 We get a great deal of violence, we get our share of soap operas, we get old movies, we get all kinds of stuff, but it is amazing to me how little of television today is actually reflecting the reality of the lives that tens and millions of working people are living. The truth of the matter is in our country today we just do not talk about the pain that so many people are going through, just trying to get through the day.  I think that one of the reasons that so few low-income people participate in the political process is that literally they almost do not have the energy to do it. If you go out and you work for 40 or 50 hours a week, if you have kids to take care of, if you have a car that you have got to keep running, if you have to worry about the electric bill and the telephone bill, you know, you do not have a lot of free time to participate in the political process.  And I think the more that people are hurting, the more they are obliged to pay attention to their own most basic needs and the needs of their families. Meanwhile, our wealthy friends can go flying around the country to go to meetings, they have large staffs of people.  I find it very interesting and very alarming, when you talk about the role of money in politics, just some of the events that have taken place in the last month or two. We talked for a moment about the fact that Mr. Gingrich was able to have a fund-raiser for his television network for $50,000 a plate. Several weeks ago the Republican Party had a fund-raiser, they brought people together and in one night they raised $11 million for the Republican Party. Senator Phil Gramm who is one of the candidates seeking the Republican nomination for President held a fund-raiser, and on one night be raised over $3 million.  One does not have to be a genius or a great political scientist to figure out why people are throwing so much money at political candidates. They are not donating that money, they are investing that money. They feel that if they can elect certain people, they will benefit from the decisions that those people make once they are office. And I think we are beginning to see that in terms of the Contract With America that we are debating virtually every day on the floor of the House.  Representative Hinchey, how do you see the relationship between big money and the Republican Contract With America?  