  Mr. Chairman, let's introduce just for kicks, as we say, a note of reality into this debate. Welfare reform and the end of food stamp abuse, yes. Everybody is for that. Increased pain and suffering for America's children, no, many of us are opposed to that.  A little while ago, the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture stated that under his reform, no child in America would go hungry. Who are we kidding?  Today in America, before cutbacks to food stamps or to WIC or to other nutrition programs, 5 million children in the United States are hungry. Today, in this country, we have by far the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world. What kind of country are we when we are talking about more cutbacks for low-income kids, when we already have double the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world?  Mr. Chairman, if we were serious about welfare reform, and I do not think we really are, but if we were, we would be talking about a Federal jobs program to create real jobs so that poor people could then have real work and earn a real income.  If we were serious about welfare reform, we would be talking about raising the minimum wage so that when poor people work, they can escape from poverty, not abolishing the minimum wage as some would have.  If we are serious about talking about welfare reform, we must talk about improving child care capabilities, so that children of working mothers and working families are provided for. If we are serious about talking about welfare reform, we must talk about job training and transportation so that welfare recipients are able to get to the jobs that are open for them.  Last, today we are talking about welfare reform as it applies to the poor. I hope that in the future we will have the guts to talk about welfare reform as it applies to the rich and the multinational corporations.  [[Page H3620]] I hope that we will say that the U.S. Government with its huge deficit and its enormous social problems can no longer afford to spend tens of billions of dollars a year providing tax breaks and subsidies to the rich and the large corporations. I look forward to that welfare reform.  