 Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey] for yielding this time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Young] and the ranking member, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Murtha], for their strong support of my amendment in the defense appropriations bill which would end Pentagon financial support for golden handshakes for top management when large defense contractors merge. The gentleman from Florida [Mr. Young] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Murtha] accepted that amendment. It was passed on a voice vote, and I am very appreciative to them for that support. I am also grateful that the Senate conferees accepted this amendment and it remains in the bill that we are voting upon today.  There is honest disagreement within this body as to how much money should be appropriated for the defense purposes this coming year. That is an important debate. There should not be, however, and I do not believe that there is, any disagreement that all of the money that we appropriate for defense should go for defense, go to providing the weapons and equipment our fighting men and women need; that is where all of us want defense money to go.  As my colleagues know, the purpose of my amendment was to make sure that, if and when large defense contractors merge, no U.S. taxpayer money was to go to the CEO or top executives who negotiated those mergers, no golden handshakes from the U.S. taxpayer. As everyone knows, huge mergers are taking place every day. Whether they are good or bad is subject for another discussion. But what is relevant today is that no taxpayer dollars should be provided to millionaire executives in the defense industry as incentives to develop those mergers.  My amendment was prompted by an outrage that many of my colleagues are familiar with. In February of this year Martin Marietta Corporation merged with Lockheed. That merger triggered a previously established plan which provides $92 million in bonuses, $92 million in bonuses to the CEO, the board of directors, and the top-level managers of those two companies, $92 million. What is particularly outrageous is that as part of that plan and part of the bonuses that same plan called for the closing of 12 factories and laboratories and the laying off of 19,000 American workers. In other words, while 19,000 workers were tossed out on the street, the top executives were paid $92 million. They were paying $92 million to themselves.  This is an outrage, but what is an even greater outrage is that of that $92 million, $31 million came from the Pentagon from the U.S. taxpayers, and that, fellow colleagues, we must not allow to happen.  Within the secret agreement negotiated between the Pentagon and the two companies we found out exactly where the money has gone, and some of that information had already been published. To the best of my knowledge, Mr. Speaker, the President of Lockheed Martin, Norm Augustine, will receive over $8 million in bonuses; Lamar Alexander, a member of the board of Martin Marietta, will receive $236,000; Melvin Laird, former Secretary of Defense, would receive $1.6 million; retired general and former member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, John Vessey, would receive $372,000.  Now the problem is, as the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Young] indicated, in the conference process the Pentagon walked in with a piece of paper, and they said, well, the language might not be clear enough to stop these bonuses going to the Lockheed Martin executives despite the clear intent that was passed in this body. The purpose of the language that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Obey] will present is to lock it up, absolutely clearly, that the intent of the amendment was to stop the bonuses going to those executives, an outrageous example of corporate welfare.  Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of Mr. Obey's motion to recommit.  