 This is a great country and we are great people, but I think as Mr. DeFazio just demonstrated, time after time what ends up happening in Congress is that the decisions that are made here are not made in the best interests of ordinary Americans. They are made in the best interests of the wealthy and the powerful, very often the same people who contribute heavily to the political parties, who hire lobbyists and lawyers to get things done for those people.  In this country, we can, if we put our minds to it and we work together, develop a new trade policy which stops corporate America from taking our jobs to Third World countries. We can have those corporations reinvest in America and create decent paying jobs for our people. That is not utopian.  In this country, we can raise the minimum wage. We do not need to continue a minimum wage of $4.25 an hour in which people work long, hard hours and they end up deeper in poverty. We can raise the minimum wage to $5.50 an hour. We have legislation in to do that.  In this country, if you had a Congress that represented ordinary people rather than the big money interests, we could joint he rest of the industrialized world and pass a national health care system that guarantees health care to all people. We do not need to continue the most expensive, wasteful bureaucratic system in the world in which 40 million Americans today have no health insurance.  We can do better. we can have a tax system which is fair, which asks those people who have the money to pay their fair share of taxes so we can lower taxes for middle income and working people.  We can put more money into education so that we do not have so many of our kids dropping out of high school and have a situation where so many of our kids cannot afford to go to college. Throughout Europe, in Canada, in Scandinavia, their governments put more money into higher education, enabling their working people to be better able to send their kids to college.  Those things are not magical. They are not utopian. They can happen, but they will not happen until the American people wake up and reclaim this government from the millionaires and the billionaires who today control it.  Mr. DeFAZIO. In conclusion, I could say we can do all those things and, in my opinion, with the proper priorities, we can balance the Federal budget.  