  Let me congratulate the gentleman from Oregon and Ms. Kaptur and Mr. Hunter for their excellent work.  I find myself just a little bit nervous in agreeing with the gentleman from California [Mr. Hunter] with whom on many issues we do not have much in common. But the point I just heard him make is an excellent point.  It frightens me to think that if the global economy means that the future of a decent standard of living of the American people rests on the prosperity of an authoritarian corrupt government in Mexico, then we are in very, very deep trouble. It also seems to me that in a time when this Congress and this President are having such a difficult job improving the standard of living of every ordinary American--today there was a piece in the paper which indicated there are about 6 million children in America under the age of 6 who are living in poverty. We have the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world. Forty million Americans have no health insurance. We are losing millions of decent manufacturing jobs to Third World countries.  We have enormous problems in this country, which this Congress, this President, President Clinton, and President Bush and others have been unable to solve. If we cannot resolve our own problems how in God's name are we going to be running the country of Mexico?  So I would simply suggest that we leave to our Mexican friends the difficult charge that they have to run and try to improve the lives of their people and that we should try to concentrate on our own needs here.  The other point that I would make is that I was at a Banking Committee hearing last week and at the meeting in pursuing the bailout for Mexico we had the Secretary of State, Warren Christopher, we had the head of the Federal Reserve, Mr. Greenspan, and we had the Secretary of Treasury, Mr. Rubin.  My, my, my, all of these heavy hitters working night and day trying to help us bail out Mexico, and yet I look at what happens to family farmers in Vermont working 80 hours a week losing their farms; 2 million people in America who are homeless; children who are hungry. Where are the heavy hitters who are standing up and saying we have an emergency right here in the United States of America. Our standard of living is in decline, let's pay attention to that need.  So I get a little bit resentful, a little bit resentful when all of this energy, all of this big money focuses on bailing out Mexico and yet the needs of the American people seem to be ignored.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio.  