 Let's talk for a moment about something which, amazingly enough, I do not know how it happened, but the Contract With America just ignored or I missed it, it must have been by accident, and that is the role of money in politics and campaign finance reform.  Now, I find it extremely interesting that within the last several months, and, by the way, as the only independent in the Congress I will say the same things about the Democratic Party here, but within the last couple of months after the Republican victory huge amounts of corporate money has been flowing into the Republican National Committee, campaign contributions.  Several months ago, as you will recall, the Republicans had a fundraiser, and on one night, one night, they raised $11 million from some of the wealthiest people in America and large corporations.  Furthermore, at about the same time, Speaker Gingrich attended a fundraiser in order to raise money for a conservative television network. And the deductions to that fundraiser, by the way, were tax deductible. Interestingly enough, that fundraiser cost a mere $50,000 a plate, $50,000 a plate. My understanding is that extra coffee was served free of charge, and that included gratuities. In fact, I would have loved to have been the waiter getting a 15 percent tip on that. But $50,000 a plate. Huge amount of money.  Mr. DeFazio, it would seem to me that there is a direct correlation between this huge amount of corporate money and money from the wealthy flowing into the Republican party and what happened yesterday. Do you see that relationship?  Mr. DeFAZIO. Well, not only what happened in the tax bill yesterday, certainly. More than 50 percent of the individual benefits in this tax bill will go to people earning over $100,000 a year. And, of course, the corporate benefits will not go to small businesses. They are going to go to these largest corporations, again those who are subject to the alternative minimum tax.  I do not know any small businesses in my district who have to pay the alternative minimum tax, but the large corporations, multinational corporations certainly do. So that is one thing.  But there was something else going on yesterday, and I don't want to get too far afield, but we were marking up over about a 30-hour period in the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure a revision of the Clean Water Act, and I will say also that the corporate payoff was going on there, too. Because we saw amendment after amendment offered on the Republican side to remove restrictions from industry to allow direct discharge of toxics into the Great Lakes and other bodies of water in this country, to reduce the list of chemicals restricted from direct discharge into our drinking water from 70,000 to 5. That was an amendment.  These amendments, I saw after the Great Lakes were removed from Federal control, the Great Lakes bordering some 10 States and a foreign nation have been removed from Federal control for toxic discharge because that was an undue burden. It has now become a voluntary program.  I saw some paper company and other lobbyists hugging and jumping up and down outside. They had just won this tremendous victory. You can bet that they have been writing checks.  Then we saw, one of the most outrageous things I have seen, I have been around a while, this is my ninth year in Congress, but I have never seen anything so blatant as what I saw a couple of weeks ago when a number of new Republican freshmen members were quoted as saying they are telling lobbyists if they did not contribute to their campaigns or contributed to their opponents, they had better make up for that. I mean, this is the most blatant squeezing of corporate America I have ever seen. It is unbelievable.  