 Kaptur] for her leadership role in this whole issue.  You know, when we talk about the beltway mentality, and we talk about the degree to which Washington, DC, and the U.S. Congress are separated from the pain and the anguish of middle income America, I think you could not give a clearer example of that separation than this $40 billion bailout for Mexico.  Now, two things are happening at exactly the same time. The President and congressional leaders are talking about a $40 billion bailout. For a start, what we are hearing is that because we have a terrible deficit situation, it may be necessary to destroy our Social Security system upon which tens of millions of senior citizens exist. There is no question but that the Republican leadership has in mind massive cuts in Medicare, in Medicaid, massive cuts in nutrition programs for hungry children.  So on one hand, what we hear every single day on the floor of this House is we have a terrible deficit situation; therefore, we are going to have to cut back on the basic needs, the substance, the substantive needs of some of the most desperate people in this country, because of the deficit. Then in the same breath what we hear is, well, we have got to protect Wall Street who are making investments in Mexico, and, therefore, we are going to have to cosign a $40 billion loan guarantee. That is No. 1.  And the second line of rhetoric that we hear is that we are entering into an era of so-called personal responsibility. What we are saying to hungry children in America, we have 5 million kids who are hungry, we are saying, well, you know what, in the new United States of America do not expect the Federal Government to provide you with basic nutrition, and we say to the elderly people who have paid into Social Security and Medicare for their whole lives, do not expect the Federal Government to stand with you in your time of need. Personal responsibility. You have got to do it on your own. Right? No free lunch.  But at exactly this same moment, we have investors who are interested in buying bonds from Mexico, bonds by the way which are paying 19- or 20-percent returns.  