 Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk which is cosponsored by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Owens].  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is simple and should be supported, although I doubt that it will, by all deficit hawks and those of us who are concerned about a cost-effective government. It cuts funding for the national foreign intelligence program by 10 percent. That is a 10-percent cut in funding for the CIA, and it is a 10-percent cut to the intelligence activities and the Drug Enforcement Administration, the FBI, the National Reconnaissance Office, the National Security Agency, the Defense Intelligence Agency, and other intelligence agencies.  Mr. Chairman, again, let me reiterate that this does not cut the funding for the entire agency. It merely cuts the funding for their intelligence gathering activities.  I would also like to point out that this amendment does not cut intelligence funding for war-time operations. Both tactical and joint military intelligence are not cut. This amendment does not compromise our military strength.  Furthermore, Mr. Chairman, this amendment does not affect the CIA retirement and disability fund.  Recent articles in the Washington Post and other publications estimate that the entire intelligence budget is approximately $29 billion. According to information from a variety of publications and from public documents, about $16 billion of that budget goes to the national foreign intelligence program. That means that this amendment, if adopted, would save the taxpayers of America about $1.6 billion, and even in Washington that is a lot of money.  Mr. Chairman, how do we explain to the American people that Congress is considering major cuts in Medicare, which will have a disastrous impact on the lives of many elderly people; major cuts in Medicaid, which will hurt senior citizens and low-income people; major cuts in student loans, in education; major cutbacks in nutrition programs, in housing and in the environment and a variety of other programs which will impact on tens of millions of people in the middle class, the working class, the elderly, low-income people. How do we say that we can go forward in those areas but, despite the end of the cold war, despite the fact that the Soviet Union no longer exists, that we cannot make at least a 10-percent cut in the intelligence budget and save the taxpayers $1.6 billion?  