  Who are the forces who were opposed to NAFTA and who raised over a year ago many of the same concerns that we are raising right now? Those were the groups who represented the American workers, those were the groups who represented family farmers, those were the groups who were concerned about the environment.  What about the media? The gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio] made an interesting point, the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur] made the same point: We are talking about a $9 billion line of credit from the Treasury Department and a line of credit that we do not know from the Federal Reserve. Even in Washington, that is a lot of money.  Now, every day you turn on the television and you hear about welfare reform. Well, AFDC, aid to families with dependent children, is $12 billion, a lot of money. That is on the front pages every day. How much public discussion has this untold billions of dollars been receiving on the front pages of the paper? Money which is not going to poor people in America, money which is not going to the hungry children in America, money which is going to shore up the peso and perhaps to protect American banks which are investing in Mexico.  People in Vermont do not call me up and say, ``Bernie, I want to use my taxpayer dollar to shore up the peso.'' I do not think I have gotten one call on that issue yet.  People are concerned about our deficit, they do not want to spend billions of dollars shoring up the peso. They would like that money to go to retire our deficit, they would like to see that money go to feed hungry children, they would like to see that money going to deal with the homeless.  The second point that I want to make on this discussion: After NAFTA was passed--and everybody in this room knows that it was a tight vote, both parties split and the American people were split right down the middle, and we checked--we were concerned about the nature of the reporting that we saw during the NAFTA debates and that I am seeing right now. We checked through every large newspaper in America--the New York Times, pro-NAFTA; the Wall Street Journal, pro-NAFTA; Gannett, pro-NAFTA; and so on and so forth; 17 of the largest papers in America were all pro-NAFTA. We did not find one that was anti-NAFTA.  So I would urge and request that the corporate media pay attention to this issue, maybe admit that they were wrong, and start giving some coverage to the fact that American taxpayers may be on the line for tens of billions of dollars in bailing out the Mexican economy.  Mr. DeFAZIO. If the gentleman would yield, I have five daily newspapers in my district and an untold number of weeklies. Every one of those five newspapers endorsed NAFTA.  Now just a little, tiny bit of history. I am from Oregon. We are famous for Willis Hawley. Everyone who has studied economics 101 hears about the disaster of the Great Depression having been caused by the Hawley-Smoot Tariff Act was passed 9 months after the crash of the stock market. So it is hard to say that somehow those tariffs triggered the stock market crash or the Great Depression. But they become a convenient whipping boy.  Now, if anyone raises reasonable concerns about our trade agreements, the fact that we do not have reciprocity with Japan, the fact that we are giving away sovereignty with GATT, or the fact of the case of the North American Free-Trade Agreement that we are now obligated to prop up the Government of Mexico with billions of United States taxpayer dollars, you are called a protectionist. I do not call that a protectionist.  We are told that this is a national security issue. Yes, it is a national security issue. We are talking about American jobs and American taxpayer dollars, and we want to protect our national security by revising and rewriting wholesale this agreement because it is a loser for the people of this country and for the people of Mexico.  