 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the CBO scored this amendment and found it saves both budget authority and outlays. This amendment is simple: It cuts funding for the Foreign Agricultural Service by $3 million, and adds back only $2 million, $1 million to the chief economist to report on the impact of synthetic RBGH on small dairy farms, and another $1 million to the FDA to develop an RBGH level test. The remaining $1 million goes into deficit reduction.  Mr. Chairman, injections of synthetic bovine growth hormone, otherwise known as RBGH, or BST, are presenting a very serious and multifaceted problem since the Monsanto Corp. introduced the product into the market last year.  RBGH or BST is a new genetically engineered hormone that forces cows to produce greater than normal amounts of milk. The introduction of RBGH is having the impact of lowering farm income and threatening the very existence of the family dairy farm. Soon after the introduction of BST, the Milwaukee Sentinel reported on the ``Sea of new milk triggered in part by the introduction of bovine growth hormone.''  As milk production increases, the prices that farmers receive for their product declines. Given the reality that family dairy farmers have already seen a major drop in the real prices that they receive for their milk, the further decline of milk prices because of Monsanto's BST is an absolute disaster.  The truth of the matter is that in my State of Vermont, family farmers are being driven off of the land in increasing numbers. This is happening in Wisconsin, in Minnesota, all over the America, and this is a terrible tragedy for those of us who believe in family farming.  The Office of Management and Budget estimates that dairy surpluses caused by BST injections will cost farmers $1.3 billion in lost income over the next 5 years. They acknowledge that farmers are going to be receiving significantly less income.  Let me tell you something, Mr. Chairman, that the loss of family farms in Vermont or Wisconsin is not only a tragedy for our States, it is a tragedy for America. It will be a very bad thing when a handful of large agribusiness corporations control the production and distribution of dairy products in this country. It will be a tragedy when all over this country we see family farmers going out of business. That is why this amendment provides the chief economist in the Department of Agriculture with $1 million to report on the economic impact of BST on the small dairy farms in America.  Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge Members to support this study and vote for this amendment.  The introduction of RBGH to dairy farming also results in higher Federal spending. Deficit hawks, listen up. With more milk being produced, more money is spent on purchasing the milk surplus. OMB estimates it will cost the Federal Government $500 million over the next 5 years to pay for the surplus created by the introduction of BST.  Further, Mr. Chairman, the irony of all ironies is that the synthetic bovine hormone serves no useful purpose other than making Monsanto, a multibillion dollar corporation, a little bit richer. That is all that it does.  If you are interested in deficit reduction, you should support this amendment that provides $1 million in direct savings and addresses this expected $500 million lost.  Synthetic BGH is not just an economic issue, it is a consumer issue. Consumer polls show us that up to 90 percent of American consumers want RBGH milk labeled. They want it labeled. State labeling legislation that has been passed in Vermont and other States clearly underscores this very strong consumer support for labeling. Labels would enable consumers to support the continued existence of family farms, deficit reduction, and the humane treatment of cows.  Consumers around the world are leery of RBGH. The European parliament voted unanimously to extend its ban on the import of dairy and meat products from animals which had been treated with the drug.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment provides $1 million to the FDA to develop a simple and inexpensive test so that we will know whether the milk coming from a cow, if that cow has been injected with BST or not. It is a very important consumer issue.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  