 Chairman, I am very distressed about some of the proposals that have been considered and passed by the House recently. Although one in three Americans will get cancer and one in four of us will die from it, the proposals we have been passing under the Contract With America are making it substantially easier for big corporations to pollute our environment and bodies with toxic chemicals with complete immunity. They make it extremely difficult, if not impossible, for the Federal Government to protect the public health and take away the financial incentives for private industry to use care when manufacturing products.  Forces who think its appropriate to ignore the public health successfully defeated important amendments I offered to the unfunded mandates reform and the regulatory moratorium bills which would have allowed the Federal Government to protect the public health--especially from cancer-causing toxic exposures. On Monday, under the guise of attorney accountability, these same forces successfully passed a provision that would make it extremely difficult to win a suit against a company that manufactures products that cause toxic injuries. It will likely prohibit evidence of newly discovered injuries that we are discovering in the toxic tort area like chemical sensitivity and immune deficiency syndrome. Obviously, attorney accountability only demands accountability to corporate interests and not accountability to the consumer.  But those of us who want to protect the public health are beginning to win the fight. This legal reform bill was amended so consumers harmed by toxic products like the Dalcon shield, DES, breast implants, and asbestos, can sue for compensatory damages. The bill does not allow suits 15 years after purchase of the product. Yet, in committee the time limit provision was changed to exclude injuries that do not ordinarily appear within 15 years of exposure. Although this provision addresses latent injuries like cancer and asbestosis, it is badly written and could leave many seriously injured consumers without legal recourse. Which injuries ordinarily appear more than 15 years after exposure? Which types of cancer? How about AIDS? And chemical sensitivity? What if an injury usually arises within 10 years, what happens to the victims who were lucky enough to have a longer latency period? Will they not be able to sue? Clearly this bill does not adequately protect consumers from cancer-causing and other toxic products.  Mr. Chairman, there is one other serious flaw in this bill I would like to address. It is extremely regressive. The cap on punitive damages is based, in part, on the victim's income. Not only does this allow wealthier victims to win larger recoveries, but it also creates an incentive to use less care when developing and manufacturing products that are typically used by low-income consumers.  This bill is a badly written bill that puts consumers' rights in serious jeopardy and I strongly urge you to vote ``no'' on final passage.  