 Speaker, the gentleman makes a very important point. There almost seems to be an inverse relationship between the amount of money that is being spent and the level of discussion that takes place here.  We are seeing a whole lot of discussion on the National Council on the Humanities and Public Broadcasting, right? Every day people are down here, some on one position, some on the other. It is a matter of a few hundred million dollars.  What we are talking about is more than $20 billion, and as of this moment, we do not have a vote on that, and that is clearly an outrage.  Mr. DeFAZIO. If the gentleman will continue to yield, Mr. Speaker, in an answer to the gentleman's earlier inquiry, there has not been a vote on an appropriation for the Economic Stabilization Fund since 1934, 60 years since an appropriation has been voted for, yet the fund has continued to garner money through Treasury withdrawals, through having money printed, and they exchange some sort of bizarre notes which they obtain from the International Monetary Fund. They give them to our Treasury in exchange for dollars which the Treasury orders printed at the Mint.  If you want to talk about creating something out of nothing but obligating the American people, and if Alan Greenspan is concerned about inflation, how about the inflation that is caused when you just run the presses overnight, running out whatever the largest denomination of bills is, I don't know, a thousand $10,000 bills, so we can shovel that money over to the Economic Stabilization Fund, so we can send it to Mexico, or so that we can secure the loans of Mexico?  Also, Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman put together an excellent list in response to your query here. I have heard a little bit about this ``We will guarantee these funds with the oil revenues.'' There is a list here put together by the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur].  The gentleman is right, those funds are already 100 percent committed. In fact, they are so committed that the Mexican oil company has not been able to invest any money in exploration or maintenance, because their funds are so over committed already.  You go through the list: Pemex bonds, 7.75 percent; French francs, $750 million; Euro notes, Pemex, 8.375; $400 million, Austrian bond, dated July 23, 1993, due 1998. The list goes on and on and on. They are already well in hock for any oil they can pump until their supplies are exhausted, and we are going to take security out of this? You can't get blood out of a turnip.  