 Chairman, this amendment was brought up at the committee level. I believe it now has the support of the majority.  Mr. Chairman, my amendment is entirely consistent with the overall purpose of updating and revising the Paper Work Reduction Act. It is time for us to revisit and strike a new balance between the collection of vital information and the increased costs of doing business in the global marketplace.  At the same time, I think we need to focus the attention and the limited resources of OMB and other Federal agencies on reducing burdensome paperwork on those it is hurting the most--the smallest businesses that can least afford the time, personnel, and additional costs associated with meeting all of the Federal Government's regulatory and reporting requirements.  My amendment does just that. It requires the Director of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs within OMB to make it a priority to first consider the adverse effects on the smallest of small businesses--those employing 50 or fewer employees--when directing and overseeing efforts to cut Federal paperwork and information reporting. Currently, the Small Business Administration typically defines a small business as one that employs 500 or fewer employees.  This amendment also makes helping the smallest of small businesses a priority for voluntary pilot projects when OMB, other Federal agencies and non-Federal entities test alternative policies, practices, regulations, and procedures to reduce the Federal paperwork burden.  A few weeks ago I met with small business leaders from all across Vermont where most businesses have 10 or fewer employees. Repeatedly they expressed two overriding concerns: First, SBA and other Federal agencies don't appreciate the different problems and comparative risks confronting different-sized small businesses, and second, Uncle Sam does not pay his bills on time, thus making it very hard for small businesses with limited cashflow to sell goods and services to the Federal Government.  With this amendment and other provisions in this bill we can tackle both of these problems.  In conclusion, we live in a time when the Federal Government must learn to do more with less. Therefore, in setting out to cut Federal regulatory costs and paperwork for American businesses, we should first strive to help the truly vulnerable small enterprises who operate mush closer to the margin and whose survival is always in greater jeopardy.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  