 Chairman, this amendment is very simple, and I want to move it quickly. It transfers $2 million from the salary and expenses of the Department of the Interior into the Council for Historic Preservation. This is a relatively small sum of money, but it is extremely important for historic preservation.  Without this amendment, the bill provides for the elimination of the Advisory Council for Historic Preservation. This amendment saves the Council and funds it at the level requested by the Clinton administration. The Council plays an essential role in historic preservation when the Federal Government's actions, like plans to build a highway, threaten historic preservation.  When the Federal Government's actions, like plans to build a highway, threaten historic properties, there is a consultation procedure that promotes input from the local community preservation interests and private property interests. Without the Advisory Council, special interests would have too great a voice in the process.  The Council is extremely important, because many federally funded projects have a potentially devastating impact on our historical and cultural resources. Thanks to the Advisory Council, historical landmarks throughout the Nation have been rehabilitated rather than replaced. But today, Federal projects threaten many sensitive historic buildings and districts. Those communities have a right to be heard, and that is what this amendment is all about.  This is an issue of balance. Special interests with goals that are inconsistent with historic preservation already have a significant advantage. They have the political clout to lobby the Federal Government and trample on local community interests. We need to continue allowing the communities to have a voice, and that is what this amendment is about.  Mr. Chairman, everyone benefits from historic preservation. In a rapidly changing world, it is imperative for our children to understand their roots, how their communities evolved, and where they came from. What this amendment does is transfer $2 million from the bureaucracy into a council that has historically done an excellent job, and I would urge the support of my colleagues for this.  