 Chairman, as my colleagues know, this country has a $4.7 trillion national debt, and this body has passed a budget which makes savage cuts in Medicare, Medicaid, student loans, veterans programs, and many other programs which mean a great deal to tens of millions of working Americans. Given that context, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me long overdue that the U.S. House of Representatives begins to stand up and take on the $100 billion a year in corporate welfare which goes to the largest corporations in America and to the wealthiest people, and this amendment begins that process.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment offers a crystal clear test case to show all of our constituents that Congress has the guts to take a bite out of corporate welfare. It will be a recorded vote to stop the Federal Government acting through the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, OPIC, from committing billions more in U.S. taxpayer dollars to help Fortune 500 companies.  What this amendment does very simply is, it says that OPIC, a Federal agency, can no longer commit and put at risk tens of billions of dollars of taxpayer money for the largest corporations in America.  OPIC is a small, obscure Federal agency which has its hands deep into the pockets of every American taxpayer. It receives at least $26 million every year in appropriated funds, but, more importantly, it has already placed at risk, at risk, $6.3 billion of taxpayer money, and it keeps on getting bigger.  Why is OPIC such a juicy target for cutting corporate welfare? It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that it makes no sense at all that the Congress provide incentives for large American corporations to invest in politically unstable countries around the world. If huge Fortune 500 companies, like General Electric, duPont, Caterpillar, Westinghouse, and on and on it goes, want to make investments in unstable countries like Russia, they have every right in the world to do so. But they do not have the right to obligate American taxpayers to underwrite the insurance for the possible loss of their private investments.  Currently, if these giant corporations make a lot of money, well, the good news is that the owners of those companies become a little bit richer. However, if there is political turmoil in an unstable country, and these large companies lose their assets as a result of expropriation, or political turmoil, or civil war, guess what? It is Uncle Sam and the American taxpayers who have to bail out these companies.  Now, Mr. Chairman, OPIC does not make sense for two basic reasons. No. 1, we do not have to subsidize the largest corporations in America and stand a tremendous potential loss when we have a huge deficit. No. 2, from an economic point of view, why in God's name are we encouraging the largest corporations in America to invest abroad rather than reinvesting in America and creating jobs?  What are the outrages of OPIC can be seen on the chart to my right. We are providing incentives for corporations like Ford to invest abroad when Ford has laid off in the last 15 years over 150,000 American workers. We are providing incentives to GE to invest abroad when GE has laid off over 180----  