 Speaker, let me begin by quoting from an article that appeared on the front page of the New York Times today and what the article does is analyzes a poll that was done by the New York Times and CBS News. Let me read, if I might, the second paragraph on the front page. It goes as follows:       ``Despite the best efforts of the Republicans to publicize      and promote what they call their legislative revolution, the      survey,'' i.e., the poll that CBS and the New York Times did,      ``suggested that much of the public remains largely      disengaged. Only 38 percent said they had read or heard      anything about the Contract With America, the Republican      policy agenda that has driven the House in these first three      months. Forty-seven percent said they were `mostly      disappointed' with the first 100 days compared with 39      percent who said they were pleased, and Mr. Gingrich's      personal ratings remain remarkably negative.''  What I find disturbing about the results of the poll is not really whether people cared about Mr. Gingrich or how much they liked or disliked the Contract With America, what I find absolutely incredible is that only 38 percent of the people contacted said they had read or heard anything about the Contract With America.  Now, how can that be? Every single day on the front pages of newspapers there are discussions about the Contract With America. Turn on the television tonight, every news program will be discussing the Contract With America, and only 38 percent of the people had heard anything about the Contract With America. What is that about?  It suggests to me a very serious problem in America. And that is, by the tens of millions of people, ordinary Americans are tuning out and not paying attention, ignoring the politics that goes on in this country. This phenomenon was certainly reflected in the November 8 election that brought the Republicans power in both the House and the Senate. In that ``mandate,'' 38 percent of the American people voted; 62 percent of the people did not vote at all.  The question, therefore, is, what is going on with American democracy? And the deeper question that I think we must ask ourselves is, to what degree are we, in fact, today a democracy, when the vast majority of the people do not vote and when tens of millions of people are not aware of what is going on in our society and within our political system?  Mr. Speaker, I would argue that perhaps, and I am not quite sure of the full reasons as to why so many people have given up on the political process. I do not really know why when Sweden holds an election, 90 percent of the people come out to vote. France is now in the middle of a major campaign. The guess is that over 70 percent of the people will vote there. And in Canada, our neighbor, over 70 percent of the people vote. I cannot tell you why it is that so few people in America have faith in the political system and no longer participate, no longer vote, no longer care about what goes on here in Washington.  Here every day people are yelling and screaming, but it does not mean much to the folks out there. I would argue that perhaps the major reason is that the average American today is hurting very, very badly. The average American family is in a lot of pain. We are becoming a poorer nation. Our standard of living is in decline. The gap between the rich and the poor is growing wider. Millions of Americans are fearful that their jobs are going to go to Mexico. They are going to go to China. Millions of Americans are working longer hours. They are afraid to stand up on the job and protect their rights and fight for their rights because they are going to get fired.  And I think with people in pain they look to Washington, they turn on the television and they do not see the reality of their lives reflected in the debate that takes place here in Congress. They listen to corporate America on the media. They do not see that reality reflected. And they say, Hey, I am in trouble. I am in pain. My standard of living is going down. My kids are going to have a lower standard of living than I am. I cannot afford health care. My job is going to Mexico. Who is talking for me? Certainly not the politicians. Why should I pay any attention?  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, will the gentleman yield?  