 Chairman, I know something about unfunded mandates and municipal government. I was the mayor of the largest city in the State of Vermont for 8 years.  But I also know something about the responsibility of the Federal Government and the responsibility of the U.S. Congress to all the people in the United States.  There may be some people in this Chamber and there may be State legislatures in America who are not concerned that we have millions of Americans working for starvation wages. There may be no concern on that area. But it does seem to me to be appropriate that here, in the U.S. Congress, we stand by boldly and say that if you are going to work in the United States of America, you should be working for a wage that can provide adequately for your family.  A gentleman earlier talked about the earned-income tax credit. Well, you know what, I voted for that bill. But I will tell you something, I do not believe that the working people of America and the middle class through increased taxes should be subsidizing McDonald's and Burger King and other low-wage employers in America.  If somebody is going to employ somebody, they should be paying a living wage and not a starvation wage, and this Congress should not put roadblocks in the way of those of us who want to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.  Now, there may be some people here in Congress who are not concerned that in terms of worker safety we have one of the worst records in the industrialized world in terms of the number of accidents and the death that takes place for workers in America. There may be some mayors and State legislatures that are not concerned about that issue.  But we are in the U.S. Congress, and our job is to make laws which protect all of the people in America, and I think we should make sure that we have the highest standards for worker safety in the world, and not put roadblocks in the way of those of us who want to protect worker safety.  Several of my colleagues have already alluded to the fact that child labor exploitation is growing in America. This, colleagues, is not 1910 or 1870. We are talking about 1995 and children being exploited all over America. Some of us want to protect those children.  This issue, Mr. Chairman, really comes down to what those of us believe is the proper responsibility of the U.S. Government. We understand unfunded mandates. We are against unfunded mandates, but we are not going to take away the responsibility of this Chamber to protect those people who are hurting the most, those people who are the weakest, those people who are the most vulnerable.  I urge support for this very important amendment.  