 Chairman, this is an extraordinary week for the House of Representatives and for the American people.  What we are seeing on the floor of the House of Representatives constitutes a war on the poorest women and children in our country in order to pay for tax breaks for the wealthy. The Republican Party, which recently held a fundraiser and raised $11 million dollars in one night from some of the wealthiest people in this country are now, under the guise of welfare reform, savagely cutting back on a wide variety of programs which are desperately needed by the weak and defenseless--by children, by the elderly, by the hungry, disabled and the sick.  Sixty-nine billion dollars are being cut back on low-income assistance programs over a 5-year period in order to serve as a down payment for tax breaks for the rich. Robin Hood in reverse. We take from the poor and give to the rich. We take away school lunches from hungry children and serve up two martini lunches to corporate bosses. What courage. At a time when this country, before these cuts, already has the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world it is clear that the major problem facing low-income children is that they do not fully understand the working of the entrepeurial system. If only the low-income children, who are going to see cut backs in nutrition programs, health care and child care--had the sense to pay $1,000 a plate for a Republican fundraiser, things would be different.  The Department of Health and Human Services estimates that 6 million children will be thrown off welfare as a result of the Personally Responsibility Act. Conservative estimates show that in the year 2000 close to 400,000 or 40 percent of disabled children will no longer receive SSI benefits; 14 million children would continue to receive some food stamps, but at a reduced level; over 2 million children would no longer be eligible for school lunches; 1 million children would no longer be fed in child care settings; close to 400,000 children would be denied child care; and 60,000 children would lose access to foster care and adoption assistance.  In the year 2000 the State of Vermont will lose $10 million in cash welfare and education, training and employment programs for welfare recipients and 2,450 children will be dropped from assistance. In the same year, Vermont will lose $5.1 million in aid for blind [[Page H3529]] and disabled children and 500 children will be dropped from the rolls. Vermont will lose close to $1 million in school lunch funds and 4,100 children will no longer receive free or reduced price meals. Vermont will lose $1.6 million in child care funds and 990 children will be denied care. Vermont will lose $3.5 million in funds for the child and adult care food program and 4,150 children will lose their daily meals. Vermont will lose $9 million in food stamp funds and 25,386 children would receive reduced food stamp benefits.  We all recognize that the current welfare system is not working well, but in reforming the system we do not want to punish some of the most vulnerable people in our society.  This House just passed an unfunded Federal mandate bill and, as a former Mayor, I supported that bill. This welfare reform bill is one of the largest unfunded Federal mandates that the State of Vermont will ever experience.  If we are serious about real welfare reform than we must be talking about a jobs bill which can employ those people who are leaving welfare. We must be talking about increasing child care, job training, and educational opportunities. If our goal is to get people off welfare and into jobs, then we must provide the infrastructure for that transaction. Not to do that is to simply punish poor people for being poor.  