 On the other side we had the President, we had the Republican leadership, we had virtually every major corporate newspaper in America, who were telling us what a wonderful deal NAFTA was going to be for American workers, for Mexican workers, and for the people in general.  Fourteen months have come and gone, and sadly, sadly, virtually every concern that we had at that time has proven to be true. And after the 14 months, instead of our friends who supported NAFTA coming forward and saying, ``OK, we admit it, we made a mistake, we were wrong, everybody is wrong, they were wrong''; but instead of coming forward and saying they were wrong, what they now come forward and say is, ``Hey, we need a $40-plus billion loan guarantee to Mexico, becuase NAFTA has been such a success that the Mexican economy is disintegrating, their Government is extremely unstable, and therefore, at a time when small business in America is in trouble and we do not offer them loan guarantees, family farmers in America, we do not offer them loan guarantees, we have a $200 billion deficit.''  And what irritates me very much is every single day on the floor of this House Members of Congress say, ``Hey, we have got to cut back on Social Security, on Medicare, on Medicaid, on nutrition programs for hungry children and hungry senior citizens. We have got to do that.'' We do not have enough money. And yet apparently there is not quite that concern for putting $40 billion of taxpayers' money at risk for this bailout.  The first point I would like to make this evening in terms of this bailout is it is very interesting who is for it and who is against it. Polls indicate, I think the latest poll I saw is that some 80 percent of the American people are against this bailout. Maybe some of the viewers would say, well, obviously all the Mexican people are for this bailout.  Wrong. Polls indicate, as I understand it, that a healthy majority of Mexicans are against the bailout because they are concerned about the sovereignty of their nation.  