 The theory of giving tax breaks to the rich and to large corporations is if we give them tax breaks, they are going to reinvest in our communities and create jobs. It sounds like a good theory. Unfortunately, all of the facts indicate that that theory is totally bogus, given the reality of what is happening. The gentleman from New York points out that major corporation after major corporation, the same ones that got huge tax breaks in the early eighties, the same ones the Republicans want to give huge tax breaks to now, what they have done is use those tax breaks to develop more automation. Major corporation after major corporation has laid off huge numbers of American workers. We are talking about millions of workers.  The other thing they have done after we give them tax breaks, is they invest abroad. They are investing in Mexico. Why do you want to pay an American worker ten bucks an hour, fifteen bucks an hour, when you have a Mexican working for a buck an hour? How about China? How many Americans know that American corporations are investing tens of billions of dollars in China. Do you know what the wages are in China? Twenty cents an hour. Last year American corporations invested $750 billion abroad. Every major in America, every Governor in America, is begging on their hands and knees for corporations to reinvest in their communities, and these corporations get the tax breaks and they go abroad.  Mr. DeFAZIO. If the gentleman will yield for a moment, I would like to point out it was the esteemed Speaker of the House of Representatives who said that in fact we cannot raise the minimum wage for the American working people because of our competition with Mexico. Of course, the Speaker supported the North American Free Trade Agreement, which I bitterly opposed and have introduced legislation to repeal. Just to recap on that, we were told it would create jobs in America. We were told that it would help the United States balance of trade, it would stabilize Mexico.  Those of us who opposed it said we believe we will export jobs, we believe that we will run a trade deficit with Mexico, and we believe that it will further destabilize Mexico. We were a little bit wrong, because we could not realize that not only would it destabilize Mexico, continue the current corrupt system, that the peso would be devalued and the standard of living would fall by nearly 40 percent for every Mexican worker, but that we would be running already this year, we are headed toward a $20 billion trade deficit with Mexico, which means we will export 400,000 jobs to Mexico this year. We never could have predicted we would have to pay for the privilege of exporting our jobs to Mexico, which is what we are doing today with the bailout of the speculators who were so actively engaged in the Mexican economy and the few billionaires who run the Mexican economy and the corrupt political system they have.  U.S. tax dollars are going to bail these people out. We are paying for the privilege of running a trade deficit. The Speaker tells us we cannot raise the minimum wage for the American workers because they have to compete with the Mexican workers, whose salaries just went down by 35 percent. And then on another day he said, ``By the way, the competition is in south China.'' So apparently we have already quickly moved from Mexico, because those people are earning as much as a dollar an hour, and now suddenly the American workers not only have to compete with them, the American workers are not supposed to compete with slave labor in China, or those who are paid at the rate of 20 cents an hour.  