 Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding and congratulate him on his leadership, as well as that of the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur]. It is nice to be here this evening with them. I share the concerns they have articulated.  It seems to me to be rather incredible that at a time when we spend huge amounts of time right here on the floor of the House debating the appropriation for the National Council for the Humanities and the National Council for the Arts, and $100 million here and $100 million there, that this institution presumably which represents the American people has not been able to debate and vote on a $20 billion-plus package which puts taxpayers' money at risk. Maybe people agree with what the President and Mr. Gingrich are doing, maybe they do not. But I cannot believe that many Americans think it proper that the U.S. Congress does not debate that issue and vote it up or vote it down right here on the floor of the House.  As the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Taylor] indicated, I have introduced H.R. 867. What H.R. 867 does is it says that the world has changed markedly since 1934 when the legislation that the President authorized was first enacted. A lot has changed. Under H.R. 867 loans from the Exchange Stabilization Fund would only be allowed, as the gentleman from Mississippi indicated, to the extent that Congress has previously authorized it in an annual appropriation bill. In other words, like all of the other appropriations in this Congress that come through this Congress, this fund also would have to be appropriated by Congress.  I would point out to my colleagues that this would mean that the fund would be treated in the exact same manner that we treat the funds held by the Export-Import Bank. Both funds are self-sufficient and do not require annual contributions in appropriation bills. However, loans made by the Export-Import Bank are subject to congressional approval given under authorization and appropriation bills. This bill would simply subject the Exchange Stabilization Fund to congressional approval.  We have just introduced this bill on Wednesday, and I am delighted that we have already received significant support for it of both the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur] and the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Taylor], but also on board are the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio], the gentlewoman from Missouri [Ms. Danner], the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Klink], the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Traficant], the gentleman from California [Mr. Rohrabacher], the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Evans], the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Visclosky], the gentlewoman from New York [Mrs. Maloney], the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lipinski], and the gentleman from Washington [Mr. Metcalf]. Included in those Members are some who consider themselves pretty conservative and some who consider themselves pretty progressive. But I think the bottom line for all of us and for the American people is that at a time when this country has a $200 billion deficit, at a time in which Members of this Congress are talking about cuts in Medicare, Medicaid, veterans' programs, nutrition programs for hungry children, that before $20 billion-plus of taxpayers' money is put at risk, that issue must be discussed and must be debated and must be voted upon on the floor of the House, or else we as Members of Congress are not doing our job.  I thank the gentleman for inviting me. I have to run, but I thank him.  