 Speaker, more than half of the tax cuts proposed by the Republicans today for individuals will benefit families earning over $100,000 a year, and more than a quarter of the tax cuts will go to families earning over $200,000 a year.  The highest-earning 1 percent of families will get more in tax cuts than the 60 percent of families at the lower end of the income scale.  This is the Robin Hood proposal in reverse. We savagely cut programs for the poor and the vulnerable, and we give huge tax breaks to the rich and the powerful.  Mr. Speaker, this is bad legislation because it does not allow us to debate the tens of billions of dollars in corporate welfare that goes to rich and large corporations. It does not allow us to debate the propriety of millionaires saving huge amounts of money on mortgage interest deductions. This is bad legislation, a bad rule; let us defeat it.  Mr. Speaker, politics and much of what goes on here in Congress is really not very complicated. Everybody here understands that the majority of poor and working people don't vote and, for a variety of reasons, don't have much confidence that what happens here is relevant to their lives.  On the other hand, the wealthy and the powerful do vote, do contribute very heavily to the political parties, do have well-paid lobbyists and lawyers working full time for their interests. And that in a nutshell is why the rich get richer, the middle class is shrinking, and the poor are becoming poorer and are facing a terrible onslaught from the leadership of this House.  Mr. Speaker, during the last several months some of the wealthiest people in America and representatives of the largest corporations came together to contribute $11 million in one night to the Republican Party. Others came together for a $50,000-a-plate fund raising dinner with Newt Gingrich to raise money for a rightwing television network. Corporation like Amway and Golden Rule Financial have been contributing hundreds of thousands of dollars into Republican party coffers.  And today, Mr. Speaker, is payback time. After cutting back massively on programs for low income people, on programs for children, on programs for the elderly, for students, for the homeless, for people with Aids, today is payback time for the rich and the powerful. Today, they get the return on their campaign contributions to the Republican party.  Mr. Speaker, according to the Treasury Department, more than half of the tax cuts proposed by the Republicans for individuals will benefit families earning over $100,000 a year, and more than one quarter of the tax cuts will go to families earning over $200,000 a year. The highest earning 1 percent of families will get more in tax cuts than the 60 percent of families at the lower of the income scale. For the very highest income people, the top 1 percent, the Republican proposal creates an average tax reduction of $20,362, for the lowest income 20 percent taxes are reduced by all of $36.00. The Robinhood proposal in reverse. We cut savagely programs needed by the poor and vulnerable in order to give tax breaks to the rich and the powerful.  Mr. Speaker, this is a bad bill because it does not allow us to provide rational alternatives to the tax breaks for the rich scheme that is being presented today. It does not allow us to cut the tens and tens of billions of dollars in corporate welfare that the largest corporations in America receive. It does not allow us to debate the propriety of millionaires saving large sums of money in taxes from the mortgage interest deduction on their palatial mansions. It does not allow us to remove Federal subsidies for such Federal agencies as OPIA, the Overseas Private Investment Association in which tax payers are paying to see their own jobs go to third world countries.  Mr. Speaker, we need open and vigorous debate about how we can move toward a balanced budget in a fair and progressive way--not on the backs of the weak and the vulnerable. We need fair and open debates to begin the process of eliminating the tax loopholes and the subsidies which the wealthy in large corporations receive.  