 So, in essence, what will happen is the tax burden will be passed on back to the State and local level.  Now, I do not know about Oregon. I am not familiar with Oregon's local tax situation. But in my State of Vermont we are highly dependent for education and municipal services on the property tax, which is an extremely regressive tax.  To the degree that the Federal Government cuts back on Federal aid to education because corporations are not paying any taxes, who is going to make up the difference? In the State of Vermont it will be family farmers, it will be senior citizens, it will be working people who are not making a lot of money who will have to pay higher and higher property taxes, higher and higher State taxes because the AT&T's and the GE's primarily owned by wealthy people are not paying their fair share of taxes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. If I can interject again. Another interesting historical note, in 1960 the corporations in America paid about 20 percent of the tax bill. This year, before the Republicans repealed the corporate alternative minimum tax, the corporations will pay about 10 percent of the tax bill in this country.  So someone else has had to pick up the slack. And guess what? It is not the people who earn over $200,000 a year who just got also some very generous tax breaks last night; it is average working families.  There was some move on the part of the Republican Party, and I have got to give credit to the 106 Republicans who signed a letter to the Speaker saying they could not go home with a [[Page H4409]] straight face and say they were providing middle-income tax relief when it went up to $200,000 a year, and they asked to take it down to $100,000 a year.  Well, I cannot go home with a straight face to Oregon and talk about $100,000 as middle income, but if we were talking $30,000, $40,000 a year, that would be in the ball park. And those people are being asked to pick up the additional share of the burden or finding that the programs on which they depend, that is people who have incomes at that level and who are retired now, Medicare, are being cut back, seniors with even lower incomes, Medicaid is being cut back, younger people with kids who are growing up are finding that Pell grants and other things are going to be cut back, both in the rescission bill earlier passed in this House by Mr. Gingrich and in the budget which Mr. Kasich will put forward shortly.  So not only are we asking the middle-income people to pay more, the few programs from which they and their families have been able to benefit and the few sorts of things they had to depend upon are being gutted. I mean, it is a very bitter reality.  So I can understand why a lot of these people are turned off to politics and not voting. But I mean my solution is they should all get out and vote. Because the people who earned over $200,000 a year who got these very generous tax breaks last night probably voted at a rate of 90 percent, and the people in the $30,000 tax bracket who are going to end up picking up the tab probably voted at the rate of 37 percent.  