  Now, at the same time as we are seeing massive cutbacks in heating programs for low-income senior citizens, cutbacks in drug prevention programs, cutbacks in programs for the homeless, does my friend from New Jersey or California or Virginia happen to notice [[Page H2982]] if there are any cutbacks in the corporate welfare programs that are providing tens and tens of billions of dollars of Federal subsidies and Federal aid and tax breaks for some of the largest corporations in the United States of America?  Now, maybe they are there. I happen not to have seen them. I have a list of all of the programs. I did not see them.  If I might for one moment, and there is a long list, the Progressive Policy Institute, I might say a conservative Democratic organization, suggested that there were tens and tens of billions of dollars of savings if the Congress had the guts to call for welfare reform on large corporations and wealthy people. we all know that.  The savings can take place within the energy industry where there are huge tax subsidies for companies who are extracting oil, gas and minerals. There are special tax credits for producers of fuel from nonconventional sources. There are depletion cost allowances for oil, gas and nonfuel mineral firms. On and on it goes.  My friend from New Jersey makes exactly the right point: We should have that debate right here on the floor in front of the American people as to how we proceed to save money. And reclaiming my time, I would say to my friend from Vermont, who truly is an Independent, not only the way he thinks, I have read the bill. There were 228 cuts in the bill. Virtually none of them cut out the kind of corporate welfare, the Wall Street welfare that you make reference to.  So I would say to you that this bill, Mr. Speaker, demonstrates that the majority party of the Republicans are not against the welfare state at all. They are against the welfare state for those who tend to vote for the Democrats, but not for those who tend to vote for the Republicans. And this bill is ample evidence of that.  Let me give you other examples of things we will not get a chance to vote on that some of us would prefer. This bill says that if you are a senior citizen living in what we call section 8 subsidized housing, what that means is you live in a senior citizens high-rise and your rent is limited to 30 percent of your income and a subsidy pays less. So let us say your income is $10,000 a year, you only pay $3,000 a year toward rent and if your rent is really $5,000, the Federal Government picks up the other $2,000 so you can rent a modest apartment in a senior high-rise.  I have had senior citizens call me from around New Jersey scared to death that they are going to lose their apartments because of what is in this bill, because this bill eliminates $2.7 billion from that subsidy. You know what answer I could give them, Mr. Speaker? You just might lose your apartment, it is true.  Some of us, instead of denying housing to senior citizens under this program, would like to stop building so many courthouses and Federal buildings around America. We would like to substitute a provision that says, Do not cut the housing for senior citizens to have an apartment. Stop building a courthouse everywhere that a certain Member of Congress who is well connected enough to get one built.  Yes, we need courthouses in America, but I will tell you what. If we have to wait a few more years before we give a few more judges an elaborate place to sit and hear cases and save the money there and put it into keeping senior citizens in their homes and apartments, I think we should do that. And at the very least, Mr. Speaker, we ought to have that debate and we ought to have a choice, and this Republican rule will not let us do that.  One more example. One more example. This Republican bill says we are going to take $105 million from the program that hires remedial reading teachers, speech therapists, child psychologists, and other educators that help young people with a learning disability get through their school years, and is going to take $38 million from a program that helps young children who do not speak English learn how to. If they come to this country from Vietnam or Cambodia or Mexico or Russia or Poland or wherever, $38 million so those teachers can help our children learn English first when they are in first grade. That is gone from this bill.  Some of us would rather take the money from something called the Export-Import Bank, which is a program paid for, Mr. Speaker, by the people watching us tonight, that gives subsidies to major American corporations to help them underwrite the sale of their goods around the world.  Now, let me say this. I hope that American companies are able to sell their goods around the world tenfold what they do right now because that is good for the country, but the people who will profit from selling those goods should underwrite the cost of selling those goods. The shareholders and investors of those companies ought to pick up the tab of this, not the American taxpayer.  So let me summarize. I would like to see us vote on an amendment to substitute the cut that cuts heating assistance for senior citizens and instead cuts energy research that benefits oil companies. We will not get that chance.  I would like to see us get rid of the cut that abolishes the summer job program for young people in urban and rural and suburban areas around this country, including my hometown, and give us a chance to get rid of some of the bureaucracy in the Department of Agriculture or the Commerce Department or the Department of the Treasury or wherever. We will not get that chance.  I would like to see us restore the cut that would say to senior citizens, we are going to take away the subsidy that helps you get an apartment and instead stop building so many courthouses for so many judges and so many Federal buildings around America. We will not get that chance.  I would like to restore the cut that says no more remedial reading teachers, no more education for children who cannot speak the English language as their first language, no more assistance for those children. I would like to get rid of some of the spending in the Export-Import Bank that helps IBM and AT&T sell their products around the world. We will not get that change.  Now, my friends as a Democrat, I have been wanting to sponsor an initiative in the last Congress called the A-to-Z spending cuts plan. Any Member can come to this floor during a special session and propose his or her best idea to cut spending. There would then be a debate and a vote.  When they were in the minority, my friends on the Republican side thought that was a terrific idea. The Speaker, the majority leader, the majority whip, all of them signed on to the bill and signed a petition forcing the bill to the floor that almost made it but did not. They thought it was a great idea that everybody's spending priorities could be brought here in debate.  Now they are in charge. Now they have the majority. Now they can win any vote because they have a certain number of more votes than we do. Now they are not quite sure the idea is so good with the majority change in this House, Mr. Speaker, because the people are fed up with a system that is closed, that does not permit free and honest debate.  We are going to have an opportunity to make a decision on Tuesday whether we have a free or honest debate about this rescissions bill. If you vote for the rule that Chairman Solomon wants, we are not going to have a free and honest debate. We are going to have a closed debate and a lousy bill. If you defeat the rule, give us a chance to offer these and other ideas and have the kind of discussion we are tonight, the public will be well served.  I thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Becerra] for this time.  