 All of us, the three of us, and almost everybody in the Congress recognizes that we have a very serious deficit problem, very serious national debt. But what we are talking about and wondering about is how do you move to lower the deficit when you give huge tax breaks to the rich, when you expand military spending, despite the fact we do not quite know who our enemy is, when you build planes that the Pentagon does not want.  But if you are going to move toward a balanced budget in 7 years, as Mr. Gingrich wants, or 10 years, as the President wants, something has got to give. If you give tax breaks to the richest people in America, you are going to have to cut someplace. If you build $31 billion of B-2 bombers that the Pentagon does not want, you are going to have to cut someplace. Let us briefly talk about some of the areas where there will be cuts. OK?  Medicare. What are they doing to Medicare in order to give tax breaks to the rich?  Mr. DeFAZIO. It is interesting, we had a lot of discussion of health care [[Page H6040]] here last year. We had considerable opposition on the Republican side of the aisle and they said there was no problem with the health care system. It did not need a Federal fix. They did not mention Medicare as being in deep trouble or being bankrupt.  They came up with a Contract on America to run for election. There is nothing in there about health care or Medicare. Earlier this year we passed emergency legislation, the rescissions legislation and the emergency spending for disasters. No mention of a disaster impending in Medicare or a need for changes in Medicare.  It was only after legislation had been adopted to cut taxes, predominantly for people who earn over $100,000 a year and the largest, most profitable corporations by $350 billion that suddenly we found that we need to reduce Medicare spending by nearly $300 billion.  A cynical person would say there was some linkage between the sudden need to reduce Medicare spending and the huge tax giveaways. Of course, that is denied. They want to reduce Medicare by $300 billion in order to improve the program for seniors, the same seniors now who cannot afford prescription drugs, if they can afford the co-payment to go to the doctor and get the prescription. We are going to improve the system with no plan but just by reducing it by $283 billion over the next 7 years.  