 Speaker, the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur] mentioned that she read in the Wall Street Journal, I gather, that not only are the vast majority of the American people in opposition to this bailout, but in Mexico City, for interesting reasons having to do with the sovereignty of the Mexican people, very strong opposition to this bailout as well. So, on one hand you have the American people in opposition. On the other hand we have the Mexican people in opposition.  But probably in the Wall Street Journal, if we went to the editorial page of the Wall Street Journal, let me guess. The Wall Street Journal is strongly in support of the bailout, which takes us back to the scenario that took place some 14 months ago when we debated this issue of NAFTA right here on the floor of the House.  And interestingly enough the proponents of this bailout are trotting out all of the same figures once again. We have all of our former Presidents who told us what a great deal NAFTA would be. They are out again. And all of the former Secretaries of the Treasury who told us what a great deal NAFTA would be, they are out again. And all of the major newspapers in America and all of the large corporations in America who told us that NAFTA would significantly improve the standard of living of Mexican workers, why they are out again telling us editorially what a good deal this bailout would be.  The truth of the matter is that, and I say this, and I know you have made this point before: We are not gleeful, we are not delighted to say that we were right about NAFTA and they were wrong. We are not gleeful. But we do think it would be helpful for some of these editorial writers and the Wall Street Journal, instead of saying, ``Let us pump another $40 billion of loan guarantees into Mexico, and then maybe they may want to acknowledge that they were wrong and that maybe we want to rethink.''  And I know that the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio] has introduced a very important piece of legislation that I know we are on which says, ``Let us break the NAFTA agreement, let us withdraw from the NAFTA agreement,'' but it really does bother me that, after misleading the American people, they are back 14 months later saying, oops, we made a little bit--they do not acknowledge that they made a mistake, but now they have proposed that we have--we put another $40 billion of loan guarantees.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Well, actually what they do is they say, ``We never could have anticipated this.''  Of course we talked about the fact the peso was overvalued, would be devalued. I mean they can go back and review the debate, and actually we told them, as did credible economists.  But the gentlewoman from Idaho [Mrs. Chenoweth] I believe has a question she would like to direct to the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur] and I yield to her for that purpose.  