 He has characterized the WIC program exactly right. It is not only the right thing to do, it is the cost-effective, sensible thing to do. How much more sensible it is to keep low-income pregnant women healthy so they can give birth to healthy babies rather than have them give birth to low-birthweight babies and spending thousands of dollars to keep those babies alive. The WIC program has been shown time and time again to be a very successful and fully effective program.  I must say that to understand fully what goes on in this Congress, we should examine the decency, the propriety of people who contribute or accept $50,000-a-plate contributions and then go out and cut back on programs for low-income pregnant women and hungry kids.  We have talked about the impact of the Contract With America on the elderly, on children. But there are other constituencies who are also going to be affected by the Contract With America.  One of the areas the contract is pointing its ugly finger at right now is at the young college students in America. Time and time again we hear on the floor of this House, we hear the leading business people of this country, we hear the President, we hear anybody who knows anything about what is going on in the international global economy, make the sensible and correct point that this country will not survive economically unless we have a well-educated workforce.  The competition in Europe, in Asia, against as is very, very powerful. We need to have a well-educated workforce. Everybody agrees with that.  Second of all, what everybody agrees with is that if young people are not able to get a college education, if they simply go out into the workforce with a high school degree, it is increasingly difficult to make a living.  The new jobs that are being created for high school graduates are paying significantly lower wages than they paid 15 years ago.  So, given that reality that we need a well-educated work force, that the jobs out there for high school graduates are low-paying, what sense in the world does it make to be cutting back drastically on the student grants and loan programs that enable millions of middle-income and working-class and low-income families to be able to afford to send their kids to college?  We are talking about cutbacks in the Pell Grant program, cutbacks in the Stafford Loan Program, cutbacks in the work-study program, all of which will make it extremely hard for young people to go to college because the cost of higher education today is very high.  Imagine how difficult it would be if we did not have the Federal assistance which currently exists. It doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me.  