 When we talk about why people are cynical about the political process, the gentleman is absolutely right in suggesting that this multi, multibillion-dollar bailout of Mexico is precisely the reason why people shrug their shoulders and they say, ``Government doesn't represent me.''  Let's start off with a couple of facts. You made the right point. Who is supporting the bailout? We have presumably 2 political parties, right? And theoretically they are supposed to be really different, big basic philosophical differences.  Well, you have President Clinton and some of the leadership of the Democratic Party are supporting the bailout. One would therefore expect that the opposition in terms of the Republican Party would obviously be strongly opposed, right? That is what one might expect. But lo and behold, surprise of all surprises, there is the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gingrich] and the leadership of the Republican Party supporting the bailout. The truth of the matter is there are a number of people in the Democratic party, the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio], the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur], some of the leaders there, a number of people in the Republican Party, the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stockman], the gentleman from California [Mr. Rohrabacher], and others in strong opposition as well.  When we talk about cynicism, this really gets to me. We are talking about a bailout which puts at risk the possibility of losing over $20 billion of American taxpayers' money at the same time as we have a $200 billion deficit and at the same time we are cutting back on a wide variety of programs for the most vulnerable people in this country.  I ask the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio], help me out, what was the vote on the floor of the House after that vigorous debate on this bailout? [[Page H4411]] Do you recall what the vote was after we discussed that issue thoroughly on the House?  Mr. DeFAZIO. We attempted to bring a privileged resolution to the floor of the House about 2 months ago on this issue, the secretive rendering of funds from the Federal Reserve and from the Treasury accounts that are supposed to be there to prop up the dollar, and obviously they are not there to prop up the dollar anymore. My recollection is we were able to get 14 Republican votes who were all threatened with punishment the next day if they ever would vote that way again, and obviously we got more votes on the Democratic side. I do not recall the total number.  