 Chairman, I yield myself 3\1/2\ minutes.  Mr. Chairman, the people of this country want to know why the taxpayers of the United States are providing billions of dollars a year to the National Institutes of Health to research and develop new drugs, and the major beneficiaries of that investment are not American consumers, but large multi-billion dollar pharmaceutical companies. The taxpayers pay for the research, and the pharmaceutical companies make huge profits by selling the taxpayer-developed drugs at outrageously high prices.  Mr. Chairman, 42 percent of all U.S. health care research and development expenditures is paid for by the U.S. taxpayer. The result of this is that the NIH has created many of the new and most important drugs which are on the market today. Of the 37 cancer drugs discovered since 1955, 92 percent of them, 34 cancer drugs, were developed with Federal funding. In other words, the overwhelming majority of new cancer-fighting drugs developed in the last 40 years were developed with taxpayer funding.  Mr. Chairman, given that reality, it seems to me that the citizens of this country, who have already paid for the development of these drugs with their tax dollars, should not be ripped off when they purchase these products at the drugstore. They should not be forced to pay outrageously high prices so that the pharmaceutical companies can make exorbitant profits. Sadly, that is not the case today.  In April, 1995, the NIH dropped the Bush administration's reasonable pricing policy, which was aimed at giving U.S. taxpayers a return on their investment by preventing drugs developed with taxpayers' dollars from being sold back to them at competitive prices. This amendment would simply restore the Bush administration's reasonable pricing clause, but would still provide the NIH with flexibility to waive the pricing clause if it is in the public interest to do so.  Mr. Chairman, let me give the Members a few brief examples of why we need a reasonable pricing policy. Over the course of 15 years, the U.S. taxpayer spent $32 million at the NIH to develop Taxol, an anticancer drug that treats breast, lung, and ovarian cancers. Following the successful development of this anticancer drug, Bristol-Myers-Squibb was provided commercial rights and extensive government information on Taxol. Bristol-Myers-Squibb then turned around and sold the drug to consumers at roughly 20 times what the drug costs to produce. The result, a cancer patient taking Taxol today may pay in excess of $10,000 for the treatment, while the cost to Bristol-Myers-Squibb of manufacturing the drug is about $500.  