 I do respect people who take a risk and, having taken that risk, if they do well, they earn a whole lot of money. I think that is okay. But when you take a risk by definition, there is a chance that you may lose. I find it really outrageous that the people who invested in Mexico, especially after the NAFTA agreement, they invested a whole lot of money, and they expected a high rate of return. Well, things did not turn out the way they expected. That is unfortunate.  But in Vermont, small businesses are having very great difficulty, family farmers, workers, having very great difficulty. And yet they do not have the U.S. Government guaranteeing their investment. What a wonderful world it is for Wall Street investors. It is heads, I win; tails, you lose. Heads, I win and get a large rate of return from my investment in Mexico or tails, you guarantee my investment. Sorry, the American taxpayer.  So they make these investments. And then they come crawling into the Congress and say, gee, Congress, gee, Mr. President, we very, very wealthy people may have to lose some money. That is unacceptable. We are very wealthy. We are not supposed to lose any money. So you ordinary Americans, average taxpayers, workers who may have seen your jobs go to Mexico, we want you to bail us out.  And the leadership of the Republican party and the President and Mr. Greenspan say, well, that makes sense to us. Hey, that is a good idea. We will guarantee your investments.  Oh, that the average American small businessperson had that type of support behind him or her.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I think a lot of our colleagues are not aware of the fact that a lot of these short-term tesobonos that the Mexican Government cannot turn over are paying rates of interest between 21 and 50 percent. Now, I do not know, but if someone offered me a 21 percent rate of return on my modest savings, I might say, is there not a risk. That seems like an awful high rate of return.  If they said, no, Congressman, do not worry about it, there is no risk at all, I think maybe I would make a few phone calls. But the Wall Street people, the Goldman Sachs firm, which is into Mexico for $25.2 billion over the last 3 years, and others, said, oh, no, this is an emerging economy. There is no risk. This is just sort of like the United States except the people speak Spanish. There is no risk down there. Do not worry about the government. They just had an election.  Well, they had an election 6 years ago. The party that lost won, and they were the one we liked the most. And this last time the party that we liked the most, well, they won again. They may have fixed the election, but they always win, so there is no risk. They do not allow people to organize, labor unions. And if they do organize the labor unions, do not worry, we also control the judiciary because we do not have an independent judiciary in this country. And the judiciary will take care of those pesky people trying to drive up wages there in Mexico. So we will keep wages down there even lower than we can drive wages in the United States so your investment in Mexico is totally safe.  This is what is extraordinary to me, that we have allowed this thing to spin so far out of control, that we get sold such a bill of goods. Not you and I, since we voted against the NAFTA agreement, but so many of our colleagues. And now we are going to go to this extent to cover some very prestigious fannies around here and extend $40 billion of our taxpayers' money to bail them out. They could not get it through the Congress, to the credit of this institution. But now they are going to find another way to do it.  