 Speaker, it is a pleasure to be here with my friend the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bonior], and my friend, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Owens].  We have heard a whole lot about the November 8 election and the so-called mandate. I would say that the most interesting aspect of the November 8 election is that 62 percent of the American people did not vote. We do not discuss that. Always, it seems to me that the more important the issues are, the less discussion takes place here on the floor of the Congress. With 62 percent of the people not bothering to vote on election day, Mr. Speaker, with poor people virtually not voting at all, many working people not bothering to participate, what that tells me, Mr. Speaker, is that the ordinary American is by and large giving up on the political process, does not have very much faith that the U.S. Government is capable of responding to the terrible pain and to the terrible problems those people have.  What in fact the ordinary people see, I think, is a lot of talk going on here in Congress, the White House, the Senate, and meanwhile the rich get richer and the poor get poorer, and the middle-class shrinks. Forty million Americans continue not to have any health insurance.  As the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bonior] and the gentleman from New York [Mr. Owens] said, the minimum wage in terms of real purchasing power continues to decline. More and more of our young people are unable to get a college education. We have the dubious distinction of having the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world. Twenty-two percent of our kids are living in poverty. Five million of our children are hungry. We hear here on the floor of the House, at a time when the richest 1 percent of the population owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent, what we are hearing here on the floor of the House, we have to cut back on Medicare, we have to cut back on Medicaid, we have to cut back on veterans' programs, we have to cut back on nutrition programs for the elderly and for hungry children. That is what the Republican contract is about.  In the meantime, as the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bonior] and the gentleman from New York [Mr. Owens] have indicated, it is absolutely imperative that within that context, with the wealthiest 1 percent owning 37 percent of the wealth in America, obviously what we must do is give them more tax breaks. That is only fair. You cut back on nutrition programs for hungry children and you give the wealthiest people in this country more tax breaks, and of course, at the same time as we significantly expand military spending. That obviously makes sense to somebody, I am not sure to whom, but it must make sense to somebody.  