 It was taken out of the budget, my colleagues. We could not afford $2 billion to take care of hungry children in America. Big debate.  What really concerns me is not just that we are putting $9 billion into a line of credit from the Treasury Department, an untold line of credit from the Fed; what really gets me is there is no debate at all on this issue.  Now where are all of those people who ran for election in November who talked about accountability in government, who talked about the $200 billion deficit, who talked about the balanced budget amendment? Where are they now? I am listening; I do not hear anything.  I guess that when we talk about money for hungry children, when we talk about Federal aid to education, affordable housing, we cannot afford it. But when it comes to bailing out corporate America, when it comes to shoring up the peso, not only can we afford it, there is no debate, no discussion, not one word on the floor of the House.  Now our honorable new Speaker, very articulate gentleman, very clear about what he believes in; some of us are eagerly awaiting his words of wisdom on this important issue.  Last point on the issue:  In this last election 38 percent of the American people voted; 62 percent of the people did not bother to go to the polls. Tens of millions of people no longer believe that they have a voice in what happens in government, no longer believe that the U.S. Government is here to respond to their needs. They are boycotting American politics and government, and one can understand why people give up on the political process.  People are working in my State of Vermont 50, 60, 70 hours a week to keep their families afloat. They are paying too much in taxes, and now, without any discussion, we have the Government talking about a $9 billion line of credit, and that is why people are giving up on the political process.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, if the gentlewoman would yield for just a moment, I would just like to go back to a point that came up during the press conference, and I noticed that the gentlewoman was a bit beleaguered by a reporter from her district who did not seem to understand the difference between a net trade balance and shipping a few cars to Mexico, and he would point to the representation of 2\1/2\ cars going to Mexico and say, ``Well, look, that's an increase from one and a half cars symbolized there going to Mexico. That means we send another 10,000 cars to Mexico.'' Unfortunately he was totally ignoring the other side of the ledger which showed another--I believe it is 200,000 cars coming from Mexico to the United States.  So, what this means is the United States actually entered into a deficit, a trade deficit, with Mexico for the first time in recent history of $81 million in October, and that is just the beginning. We are going to run trade deficits with Mexico.  Now I come from Oregon, and everybody says Oregon is a free-trade State, and, by gosh, we benefit from trade.  Well I met with Dr. Charles McMillan, Ph.D., contributor to the Harvard Business Review and scholar, a member of the Clinton transition team, to talk about trade issues yesterday. He said, ``Isn't it interesting?'' He said, ``In the GATT debate and the NAFTA debate we heard how every State is running a surplus and benefits from trade, but somehow the United States of America is running a $160 billion trade deficit,'' and in fact he recalculated those numbers and found out that my home State of Oregon is a net loser in trade, as is virtually every other State in the Union, and for Mr. Clinton's State, big-time losses. Thousands of jobs from his State have been shipped overseas in the last year.  Now these are points we have to make because my colleagues will read the headline. It said, ``Detroit Thrilled.'' They shipped 10,000 more cars to Mexico. It does not say Detroit really thrilled, they built 250,000 more cars in Mexico and shipped them here with dollar-an-hour labor. That is what the headline should be, but the press will not run that headline. They only run the one that comes out of the boardroom.  