  Mr. DeFAZIO. In response to that, I think that part of what breeds the disenfranchisement, the fact that people are turned off, is things like the bill that was passed here in the wee hours last night.  Funny thing, when Mr. Gingrich had things in his contract and he wanted to trump it, we always stopped about the middle of the evening and then brought them up the next day so they could play it prime time. But two bills, term limits and now tax breaks, were voted on very, very late at night.  They are very cynically named. This was a bill to provide middle income tax relief. The gentleman touched on this very well. The only group of people who are consistently paying higher taxes in 1995 than in 1980 are middle-income wage earners, small business owners and people who work for hourly wages or a salary. They are paying more, because Congress jacked up the FICA tax, Social Security, dramatically, a regressive flat tax which is capped at $64,000 a year of income, and also what has happened with bracket creep and other things.  The wealthy, those who earn over 200,000 a year, they were yelling and screaming like stuck pigs over the Clinton budget which put them in the normal 39 percent tax bracket, which is down from the 70 percent tax bracket that they were in in 1979. And, of course, they only paid the 7 percent FICA tax on the first $60,000 of their earnings.  But then what people see, they tune in. And some of them would have voted for the new majority who were disenchanted with what had happened to them. They saw their standard of living declined, and they asked for help and reached out for change and help. And they brought in a group of people who turned back the clock to the point [[Page H4408]] where there is not going to be middle-class tax relief from the bill that was passed last evening, but what there will be is tremendous court relief.  They did not talk much about those parts of the bill on the floor. They talked about some of the smaller portions.  Just the repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax, your eyes glaze over when you hear that. But it is so significant.  