  Another issue that we do not talk about virtually at all here is you know we hear every day about the serious problem, and it is a serious problem, of the national deficit, which this year is about $160 billion, and I should remind my colleagues that the deficit has almost gone down by half in the last 4 years, but it is a serious problem. But there is another deficit out there that we hardly ever talk about. That is the trade deficit.  Mr. Speaker, this year our trade deficit will be at a record-breaking level, about $160 billion. The economists tell us that, for every billion dollars in trade, an export creates about 20,000 American jobs. That means--and often good-paying jobs. That means that $160 billion trade deficit equates to about 3 million jobs that we are losing as opposed to having a budget-neutral trade deficit.  In my view the NAFTA proposal was a disaster when it was proposed, and now, after it has been in place, it has turned out to be an absolute disaster. We have to repeal NAFTA, we have to repeal GATT, we have to repeal most-favored-nation status with China.  One of the untold secrets about what is going on in this country is that corporate America is, in fact, creating millions of decent-paying--millions of jobs, millions of jobs every year. The only problem is those jobs are not being created in America. They are being created in Mexico where you could get a good, hard workers for 50 cents an hour, they are being created in China, where you can get workers there for 20 cents an hour, they are being created in Malaysia, all over the Far East.  We need to radically change our trade policy, reward those American companies that are investing in this country and providing jobs for our workers, and figure out a way to demand that corporate America reinvest in this country and not run to China and to Mexico.  Further, it seems to me that, if we talk about justice, which is a word not often used on the floor of the House, we must reform the tax system to make it fair. We cannot continue to have the most unfair distribution of wealth and income in the industrialized world. Between 1977 and 1989 Carter and Reagan and the Congress gave the highest earning 10 percent of Americans a tax cut of $93 billion a year. Clearly what we need to do is move forward toward a simple, but progressive, tax system which says to the wealthiest people in this country they have got to start paying their fair share of taxes so that we can deal with the deficit, so that we can lower taxes on the middle class and the working people.  Also I think when we talk about, and I know my colleague from Hawaii shares my concern on this issue; it is very sad, it seems to me, that we have now got to spend all or our energy fighting against the disastrous cuts in Medicare and Medicaid rather than moving forward toward a national health care system guaranteeing health care to all people. What absurdity that right now, as a result of Republican proposals, more people are going to lack insurance. Clearly we should be moving forward, in my view, toward a single-payer State-administered system which guarantees health care to all Americans, and that is an issue we cannot forget.  Yes, we have got to fight against the Medicare and Medicaid cuts, but, on the other hand, we have got to retain that vision for fighting for a national health care system which guarantees health care to all.  