 Chairman, I rise in very strong opposition to the proposal presented by the Republican leadership. At a time when this country has a very large deficit and a $4.7 trillion national debt, it is vulgar. It is crass to be giving huge tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country and to the largest corporations.  It is unacceptable that half the tax breaks in this proposal go to people making $100,000 a year or more and that the wealthiest 1 percent will receive more in tax breaks than the bottom 60 percent. It is pathetic that at a time when the richest 1 percent of the population own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent and when the upper 4 percent of earners make more money than do the bottom 50 percent of earners, that taxpayers making over $200,000 a year receive a tax break of $11,000 while those making less than $30,000 receive a tax cut of $124. And the rich get richer, and everyone else gets poorer.  Mr. Chairman, it is especially outrageous to be talking about tax increases for the rich when we all know that it was the huge tax breaks for the richest 1 percent in the 1980's that was a major cause of the explosion of the deficit during that period. As a result of tax breaks given to the wealthiest 1 percent, the Treasury Department lost over $1.5 trillion between 1981 and 1992, 1.5 trillion in tax breaks to the richest 1 percent during the 1980's. And guess what in the 1990's? They are coming [[Page H5130]] back for more tax breaks for the very same people. Shame.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in very strong opposition to this budget proposal presented by the Republican leadership.  At a time when this country has a very large deficit and a $4.7 trillion national debt, it is vulgar and it is crass to be giving huge tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country and to the largest corporations.  It is unacceptable that half the tax breaks in this proposal go to people making $100,000 a year or more, and that the wealthiest 1 percent will receive more in tax breaks than the bottom 60 percent. It is pathetic that at a time when the richest 1 percent own more wealth than do the bottom 90 percent, and when the upper 4 percent of earners make more money than do the bottom 51 percent--that taxpayers making over $200,000 a year receive a tax break of more than $11,000, while those making less than $30,000 would receive a tax cut of $124. And the rich get richer and everyone else gets poorer.  Mr. Chairman, it is especially outrageous to be talking about any tax increase for the rich when we all know that it was huge tax breaks for the richest 1 percent in the 1980's that was a major cause of the explosion of the deficit during that period. As a result of tax breaks given to the wealthiest 1 percent, the Treasury Department lost over $1.5 trillion between 1981 and 1992--which is approximately half of the national debt that was accumulated during that period. Given the fact that the tax breaks provided to the wealthiest 1 percent is largely responsible for the deficit, why in God's name would we give them more tax breaks now.  Mr. Chairman, this Republican budget cuts taxes for the rich and the largest corporations, spends $92 billion more on the military over 7 years, and then makes devastating cuts for the middle class, for working people, for the elderly, for students, and for the poor.  Senior Citizens: At a time when many of our seniors are finding it extremely difficult to pay for their health care needs the Republican House budget calls for, over a 7-year period, a $282 billion cut in Medicare and a $184 billion cut in Medicaid. The American Association of Retired Person [AARP] estimates that this proposal means that the average Medicare beneficiary would pay over $3,500 more out-of-pocket over the next 7 years. Further, Social Security will be cut by $24 billion from 1999 to 2002 due to a six-tenths of 1 percent reduction in the COLA formulation. Also, the LIHEAP fuel assistance program will be eliminated, and there will be a major cut-back in senior citizen housing. Such excellent senior programs as the Foster Grandparents Program, and RSVP will also be eliminated.  Education: While college costs are soaring, and many middle class families are experiencing declining incomes, the budget reduces student loans by $33 billion. According to the administration, the Republican plan to eliminate Government-paid interest on student loans while the student is in school would cost 4 million undergraduates more than $3,000 each during the course of a 4-year college career.  Further, the Republican budget would eliminate or drastically reduce funding for such important educational programs including Goals 2000, the TRIO Program, title I, School-To-Work, student incentive grants, Head Start and Safe and Drug-Free Schools--among others. There is little question that not only will these cuts be harmful to education, but they will result in higher state and local taxes.  Veterans: The bill passed by the House Budget Committee would, over a 7-year period, reduce veterans programs by $8.3 billion. The Senate Budget Committee proposal would reduce veterans benefits by $15.1 billion. Among other cuts would be an increase in the prescription drug copayment from $2 to $8. The House bill would also reduce the COLA on veterans compensation. It would also eliminate the Veterans Employment Program under the Job Partnership Training Act, the Disabled Veterans Outreach program, the Local Veterans Employment Representative Program, and the homeless veterans reintegration project.  Workers: At a time when millions of American workers have lost their jobs because many American companies are downsizing, or moving to Mexico, this budget not only cuts back significantly on job training programs, but it eliminates unemployment insurance extended benefits. That means that unemployed workers would not get assistance after 13 weeks.  The poor: While poverty is increasing and the United States continues to have the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world, the Republican proposal cuts back on food stamps, child nutrition programs, childcare, affordable housing, WIC, and assistance to the homeless.  Culture: At a time when television is filled with more and more violence and junk, this budget eliminates funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. It also eliminates funding for the National Endowment for the Arts which has been so effective in providing seed money for many excellent projects.  Should the United States move toward a balanced budget and address its $4.7 trillion national debt? Yes. Should we, at the same time, be giving huge tax breaks to the top 4 percent of earners who make more money than do the bottom 50 percent? No. Should we balance the budget on the backs of the middle-class and working people who are already hurting, and who are experiencing a decline in their standard of living? Absolutely not.  