 Speaker, I want to say a few words tonight about the budget passed today and also the rescission package and to suggest that it is terribly important that the American people have an understanding of what is going on, because to a very significant degree, the budget proposal passed by the Republican leadership today is going to balance the budget on the backs of the most vulnerable people in our country and give tax breaks and subsidies to precisely those people who need it the least.  Mr. Speaker, in my State of Vermont, we have thousands and thousands of senior citizens who tonight are finding it difficult to pay for their prescription drugs. Today they cannot afford the high cost of health care. It is grossly unfair to make those senior citizens and senior citizens all over this country pay more for Medicare because of the devastating cuts that are contained within the Republican budget passed today.  Second of all, in Vermont and all over this country, middle-class parents are wondering how they are going to afford to send their kids to college, given the escalating cost of higher education. Everybody knows that in the competitive world economy, our young people need the best education that they can get. Within that context, it is absolutely insane to be cutting back on student loans and student grants. We need more help for middle-class and working-class families to help them send their kids to college, not less help.  Mr. Speaker, as we have heard so often on the floor of this House, this is the 50th anniversary of World War II. And over and over again we hear people talking about the heroism, the bravery, the courage of the men and women in this country who defeated Hitler and saved human civilization in their terrible struggle against Nazism and Fascism 50 years ago. And we thank those veterans.  In my State of Vermont, many of them, many of them have been wounded in various wars in body and in spirit. This country owes a great deal to those men and women.  I wonder how many of them know that after all of the praise that is heaped upon them that in reality and real life, after all of the talk and all of the rhetoric, that the Republican budget makes tens of billions of dollars in cuts in veterans' programs. So thank you very much, those veterans who tonight are in the VA hospitals. Thank you for the work and the courage that you gave this country 50 years ago and our thank you is that we cut the benefits and the programs that were promised to you.  A couple of weeks ago I received a letter from a veteran from Rutland, VT, and he said, let us talk about the Contract With America. And he talked about how his arm was wounded fighting against the Japanese during World War II. And he said, I know what the Contract With America is about, because he and millions of other Americans made a real Contract With America when they spilt their blood defending this country. And today it is no way to say thank you to those men and women by cutting programs.  Mr. Speaker, I think almost everybody in this House, the Republicans, the Democrats and me, the only Independent in this Congress, understand that the deficit and the $4.7 trillion national debt is a very serious problem that must be dealt with. Almost everybody wants to move us toward ending our deficit, balancing the budget.  The question is, how do you do it? do you cut back on Head Start? Do you cut back on WIC? do you cut back on environmental programs on library programs? Or do you finally have the courage to say, let us move forward in a fair way.  Mr. Speaker, a recent economic study came out printed on the front page of the New York Times. The richest 1 percent of the population owns 40 percent of the wealth of America; richest 1 percent owns more than the bottom 90 percent. Yet this proposal, budget proposal of the Republicans does what? Half of the tax breaks, individual tax breaks go to people earning $100,000 a year. Rich get richer; poor get poorer. We give tax breaks to the rich.  Mr. Speaker, we must move forward toward a balanced budget. But let us not do it on the backs of the weakest and the most vulnerable people. Let us ask those people who have the money, among many other things, to pay their fair share of taxes. Let us deal with the scandal of corporate welfare.  