 I have introduced legislation which would not allow any more funding from the Exchange Stabilization Fund to go to the bailout of Mexico without the appropriation and the authority of a vote from the Congress. But we have not been able to get that legislation on the floor of the House.  When we talk about cynicism, let's talk a little bit about Mexico, let's talk a little bit about NAFTA, and I know that my friend from Oregon has introduced legislation to repeal NAFTA.  What really gets to me is that a year and a half ago when there was a vigorous debate on the floor of the House, we had the Clinton administration fighting terribly hard for the NAFTA agreement, we had the leadership of the Republican Party fighting very, very hard for the NAFTA agreement, we had virtually every multinational corporation in America telling us just what a wonderful thing NAFTA would be for American workers and Mexican workers. We had the corporate media, every, underlined, every major newspaper in the America editorialized in favor of NAFTA. That is the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the Boston Globe, the L.A. Times, you name it. All of the establishment and the money interests said, ``Boy, NAFTA is just what we need.''  I ask the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio] why he introduced legislation to repeal NAFTA. Has it not been quite the success that these corporate giants and pundits told us it would be?  Mr. DeFAZIO. It is kind of extraordinary, actually. What we are doing now with the Mexico bailout is we are paying billions of dollars to speculators to attempt to prop up the Mexico peso and the Mexican economy because we are linked to them through the NAFTA agreement. We are losing jobs to Mexico, where wages and the standard of living have been reduced by 35 percent because of the devaluation of the peso.  The situation is the workers of Mexico, everyone outside of Mexico's 24 billionaires and a few hundred millionaires, have seen their standard of living go down by 35 percent in direct relation to NAFTA. Thousands at this point, over 20,000 American workers have been approved for unemployment benefits because their job loss was linked directly to the movement of their plant to Mexico.  We ran in January the first trade deficit with Mexico in 12 years, $863 million, 1-month trade deficit with Mexico, and it is predicted by next year we will run a $20 billion trade deficit with Mexico, which means, according to the Commerce Department, for every billion dollars of net on our trade balance, we create 20,000 jobs in America.  So if we run a $20 billion trade deficit with Mexico, we are ceding $400,000 to Mexico and we are paying $40 billion to do it. Absurdity on absurdity on mistake.  