 He explains that in America we are angry, and we have good reason to be angry. But what the Rush Limbaughs of the world and the Republican leadership are trying to do is getting us all angry at each other.  Every day it seems like there is a new group that we are supposed to hate. On Monday we are supposed to hate the gays, and on Tuesday we are supposed to hate the immigrants, and on Wednesday we hate the welfare recipients, and Thursday it is antiblack day, and Friday it is antiwoman day, and on and on it goes. And yet we are never focusing on the real group of people who hold the power in this country, and that is the very, very wealthy and the large multinational corporations who contribute huge sums of money to Members of this Congress, who control this Congress and write the agenda for this Congress.  I think what all of us are saying, in different ways, is that maybe the time is long overdue when the middle class and the working people and the low-income people and the women and everybody else began to stands together and say that there is something wrong when our standard of living is going down and when the richest people get richer.  The gentleman from New York made a good point. There are some people who still hold the illusion that we are No. 1 in the world, we are the wealthiest country in the world. Not for working people you are not. Germany, manufacturing workers in Germany now make 25 percent more than our manufacturing workers.  Do you know why corporations from Germany and Scandinavia and Europe are investing in America? Cheap labor. We now can give them cheap labor. That is what is happening. And that is a real shame.  What I would like to do now with my colleagues, if we might, we want to talk about the budget, the Gingrich budget, the Clinton budget. We are trying to give some background as to how we got to where we were. We talked about the fact that one of the reasons for the national debt is huge tax breaks for the rich and the largest corporations. There is another area that is worthy of at least some discussion, given the vote today, and that is the role of military spending.  Remember, $4.7 trillion debt. Obviously the cold war is over. The Soviet Union does not exist. Clearly I would imagine that today, having voted on the military budget, there was a major decrease in military spending. Is that correct, Mr. DeFazio?  Mr. DeFAZIO. Well, the gentleman knows that in fact the second part of the major part of the plan of the new Republican majority to bring us to a balanced budget after the massive tax break for the wealthy and the large corporations is the increased military spending. It is obviously an absurd formula. You cannot spend another $92 billion over the next 7 years on the military to build weapons that even now the Pentagon said it does not want, it does not need, and have no practical purpose.  The House voted this week, with very little exposure to the public. This bill was brought forward under a very restrictive rule and we were allowed one amendment on the B-2 bomber. At $1.5 billion each for bombers which the Pentagon says have no purpose in the post-cold-war world, and yet the House of Representatives voted by a substantial margin, lockstep on the Republican side, followed by a number of Democrats, to build another 10 B-2 bombers at the cost of $1.5 billion each, something the Pentagon said it does not want, does not need, and cannot use, in addition to putting more money into the star wars fantasy.  We have spent $36 billion on star wars since Ronald Reagan first unveiled this vision in the early eighties and you know what the net result is of the money on star wars? One faked test over the Pacific Ocean, and the Pentagon admits they faked it. They could not hit the incoming missile. One missile, not a fleet. They put explosives in it, they hit a button, it blew up, and they said look, star wars works. It does not work, and it is a very expensive fantasy.  