Chairman, I rise in opposition to this budget reconciliation before us today.  At the very time in our history when we need to invest more in education, this bill takes a step backwards. It goes after important programs that will help improve our education, like setting higher standards for our schools, providing for safe and drug-free schools, providing technology for our schools. These are devastating cuts to education.  When you look at the reality and get beyond the rhetoric, for working families in Rhode Island, this is even worse than the educational cuts. When you look at the Medicare proposals and the Medicaid proposals, you will see working families in Rhode Island have the cruel choice of saving more money to take care of aging parents or saving money to invest in their young children, indeed probably choosing between which fortunate child will go to college and which will be forced into the world, a complex world, without benefit of higher education. We can and must do better to ensure all of our citizens, all of our citizens have access to quality education.  Indeed, this whole proposal rests on very, very shallow grounds. The direct loan program is an example of a program that works for America, that saves money for taxpayers, is universally accepted and applauded by students and colleges alike, yet targeted for extinction. Why? Because it works too well, because it displaces bank-subsidized loans rather than providing direct loans to American students. This gimmick was employed in this new bill by changing the budget rules so we could make this efficient program look more expensive rather than more efficient as it in reality is.  These types of gimmicks underscore the cruel cuts imposed on this bill. We have to invest in education. Our economic prowess today is a result of consistent Federal policies, beginning with the GI bill, stretching through Pell grants, all of them aimed to improve human capital, the ability of our citizens to be the most educated, the most productive in the world. Yet we turn our back on that proud history and condemn our Nation to ignorance.  I reject this measure.  