Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the Armenian holocaust. One and a half million Armenians were ruthlessly slaughtered at the hands of the Turks, a people were scattered throughout the world, a culture was defiled and churches were demolished while their stones were used to build shelter for the oppressors. We can never forget this infamous and despicable chapter in history.  As Americans, we have witnessed the eternal courage and strength of the Armenian people here in their adopted land, where they have displayed great patriotism and valor. And we have seen this strength in the Armenian Republic, where its people struggle to maintain freedom and to prosper in a dangerous world. However, these brave people cannot stand alone. Our two great countries, the United States and the Republic of Armenia, must stand as one.  As we commemorate the suffering of the Armenian people, we honor the spirit of the Armenian people. This spirit has endured the unendurable. It has transformed the horror of this holocaust into a lasting commitment to honor those whose lives were lost and those who continue to fight for freedom. We must pledge that the Republic of Armenia shall never stand alone, that America will always stand with her and together, we will stand for democracy, decency, and the dignity of all people.  Mr. LaFALCE. Mr. Speaker, I join today with millions of Armenians, human rights advocates, and ordinary caring people the world over in observing the 80th anniversary of a most tragic period in history--the deaths of more than 1.5 million Armenians. Remembering this catastrophe for the Armenian people and their culture is a difficult but necessary part of being ever vigilant that such events do not recur.  Yet, sadly, awareness by the many does not always seem to stop the actions of a few. The bombing of the Federal building in Oklahoma City is the most recent example of this, showing once again that hatred of those who are seemingly threatening still provides an excuse for some to carry out massive violence against innocents. Such hateful deeds are stunning and incomprehensible whether they took place 80 years ago or last month, and the dislocation and dehumanization they represent must and will be condemned and mourned.  As I observe the Armenian suffering of the past, as a member of the Congressional Caucus on Armenian Issues, I also want to make a commitment to building and maintaining a strong and dynamic relationship between Armenia and the United States and to appending to a memory of occupation and persecution a future legacy of personal and sovereign freedom and security, prosperity and democracy for the Armenian people.  