Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, of all the dubious proposals that are contained in this particular bill, perhaps the most dubious is the space-based star wars system which we are debating. I learned at West Point and in 8 years as an infantry officer in the Army that you build a strategy around a realistic assessment of the threat and then you use that strategy to allocate scarce resources. This proposal does neither.  They do not have to take just my word for it. This is what the Defense Budget Project has said about this particular proposal. I think most Members are conversant with the fact that this is one of the most well-respected, nonpartisan, analytical military think tanks operating today in the United States.  Here is what they said, Mr. Chairman. Point 1, ``There is no significant long-range ballistic missile threat to the United States, nor is there likely to be such a threat over the foreseeable future.''  Point 2, ``A military revolution is underway. Information technologies that are critical to the ballistic missile defense activities, such as sensing, discrimination, and battle management, are progressing rapidly. There is a danger that if we buy into national missile defense too soon, it may rapidly obsolesce, leaving us with another huge capital investment to make if and when a long-range missile threat does emerge.''  Point 3, ``Perhaps nowhere is this danger greater than in the case of space-based interceptors. A national missile defense system that included space-based interceptors could cost tens of billions of dollars to acquire and deploy. This is clearly not a commitment that the United States should consider entering into in the foreseeable future.''  Mr. Chairman, the final point, ``With deficit and tax reductions a priority, funds for defense will almost certainly remain tight. A national military defense system is an expensive proposition, and defense systems often end up costing substantially more than projected by initial estimates. This mix could, over time, have the effect of presenting the Defense Department with an unfunded mandate; that is, with a program requirement that cannot be fully offset with additional resources necessitating substantial cuts from worthy DOD programs already under considerable stress.''  Mr. Chairman, this is a nonpartisan group that thinks closely and well about defense issues. Their conclusions are very dramatic. I urge that they be considered and this amendment by the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Edwards] be supported.  Ms. McKINNEY. Mr. Chairman, will the gentleman yield?  