Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment. My respect for the flag and reverence for the flag stems from many, many years of service as an Army officer, a graduate of West Point. Indeed, this is not just rhetorical reverence, it is reverence born by experience.  I am offended when the flag is abused, deeply offended. But today we are considering a constitutional amendment which I think, although attempting to preserve the symbol of our freedom, encroaches substantially on the substance of our freedom. I cannot describe that phenomenon any better than the words of James Warner, a former marine flier in Vietnam who was a POW. He wrote an opinion letter back in 1989, when this was being debated before.  Mr. Warner was captured by the Vietnamese. He was being tortured. In fact, at one point the Vietnamese officer showed him a picture of American protesters burning a flag and the interrogator said, ``People in your country protest against your cause. That proves you are wrong.''  Mr. Warner replied, ``No, that proves I am right. In my country, we are not afraid of freedom, even if it means that people disagree with us.''  I do not think we should be afraid of freedom. I think we should in fact support freedom. If we were to pursue a constitutional approach to preserving the flag, it cannot be this approach, because just on technical merits, this fails miserably. As my colleague, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Serrano], indicated, physical destruction or desecration of the flag is something that encompasses a range of things. Is underwear in the shape of the flag a physical desecration? I believe in many, many cases, it is disrespectful, but is it constitutionally desecration?  More than that, some States could say it is; some States could say no. We would be living in a situation where if you were wearing an American flag tie in one State and crossed the border, you could be arrested. We must reject this amendment. Indeed, we must support the substance of our freedoms.  