Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 1361, the fiscal year 1996 Coast Guard Authorization bill.  In particular, I want to thank the chairman and ranking Democrat of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee for including a number of Rhode Island specific amendments in the bipartisan en bloc amendment.  Mr. Chairman, the Coast Guard is vital to the safety of our Nation's commercial fisherman, pleasure boaters, and merchant mariners. Each year, Coast Guardsmen and women save thousands of Americans from death at sea. In addition, these brave men and women help prevent many more tragedies through education and prevention programs, including efforts to curb boating under the influence. H.R. 1361 aims to continue this tradition of vigilance, and it has my full support.  This legislation will also provide specific relief to several vessel owners in Rhode Island, who currently cannot engage in the coast-wise trade because of the Jones Act. By providing Jones Act waivers for the Isabelle and three Harbor Marine barges and a fisheries waiver for the Aboriginal, the House will ensure that the owners of these vessels will be able use their boats as intended. The Isabelle, an historic ketch built in Scotland in 1924, will be used as a charter boat. Harbor Marine Corporation's barges will have clear titles. Last, the Aboriginal's owner, a disabled firefighter and Vietnam veteran, will finally be able to start his charter fishing business.  In addition, the chairman's en bloc amendment will permit the transfer of un-used Coast Guard property on Block Island, RI to the town of New Shoreham. The people of Block Island have leased this property for a number of years for education, police activities, harbor safety efforts, and environmental protection. In addition, the town has made over $60,000 in repairs and alterations to the buildings on the property, including new wiring, heating, windows, and a roof. It is my understanding that the Coast Guard supports this transfer, and I thank the chairman and Mr. Traficant for including this provision in the en bloc amendment.  While I believe this legislation contains many important initiatives, I am concerned that H.R. 1361 would allow the Coast Guard to close a number of important small boat stations. These stations, many of which have been in existence for decades, are usually located in areas where a high visibility Coast Guard presence sends a signal of reassurance and deterrence. Such is the case with the Point Judith Station in Narragansett, RI. Point Judith is the home to my State's fishing fleet. It is also a focal point for the State's pleasure boaters and fishing charter boats. The same can be said of the summer station on Block Island. Although I have met with the Coast Guard to discuss their proposals, I must agree with the Town of Narragansett and others in Rhode Island that these stations should not be closed. Therefore, I will support the Traficant amendment which prohibits the closure of small boat stations and ensures rapid, local response to emergency calls, unless the Secretary of Transportation finds that maritime safety will not be diminished.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1361, and I thank the subcommittee for the concern it has shown for Rhode Island's needs.  