Chairman, it is with regret that I rise in opposition to the bill before us today.  It is regrettable because this is the first time I plan to vote against passage of the defense authorization bill, which establishes our military policies and priorities.  While I support the Congress' desire to bring attention to the importance of military readiness as well as many of their initiatives, I must oppose this supposed prodefense bill because it fails to clearly support the Navy's top priority--the third Seawolf submarine.  This bill adds billions for items not requested by the Department of Defense, but [[Page H6017]] fails to clearly support the third Seawolf as requested by the Navy and outlined in the Joint Chiefs of Staff force requirements.  This bill provides some resources aimed at preserving our submarine industrial base, and Chairmen Spence and Hunter have attempted to craft a plan that seeks to maintain two nuclear submarine capable shipyards.  However, in authorizing a level of funding that is close to the Navy's request for the third Seawolf, this bill would not direct completion of a new submarine. Instead, the bill would go back and retrofit the second Seawolf with a design that is not even yet designed.  In addition, the proposed next class of attack submarines, now known as the new attack submarine, in the bill would be a technology demonstrator or R&D submarine, rather than a militarily capable submarine that meets the Navy's needs.  Moreover, the Navy's new attack sub design and mission underwent an intensive Congressional review last year. It was also subjected to evaluation by an independent group as well as standard Navy and DOD review. But, again the committee bill with good intentions has dramatically altered the Navy's well-thought-out plan.  There is a better submarine plan that unlike many in Washington is uncomplicated and cost-effective--complete the third Seawolf and capitalize on the almost $1 billion already invested in the third Seawolf.  This option preserves the submarine industrial base. This option uses designs that are completed. This is the option endorsed by the Navy, the Defense Department, the Joint Chiefs force requirements, the Bottom-Up Review, an independent review commission, the Rand Corp., President Clinton, Speaker Gingrich, and Majority Leader Dole.  There are also a number of items in this bill that concern me that are not related to submarines. These include the bill's excessive emphasis on a national missile defense or star wars system; the gutting of the bipartisan Nunn-Lugar plan which reduces the nuclear threat by dismantling the weapons of our former Soviet enemies; the prohibition on choice for female soldiers, and the majority's decision to abrogate the ABM Treaty.  In addition, there are some items in this bill that are worthy of support, such as Navy undersea warfare research and procurement. But in the final analysis. the failure to endorse the Navy's attack submarine plan compels me to oppose the bill.  Mr. Chairman, I urge the leadership of the House National Security Committee to reconsider its stance on the Navy's plan for the third Seawolf when House and Senate negotiators meet in the coming months. Until this bill reflects the Navy's plan or endorse a more reasonable submarine procurement plan that provides for continued construction at all components of the industrial base, I will be hard pressed to support it.  