Chairman, as a member of the House Committee on Educational and Economic Opportunities, I voted to report H.R. 1617 for a number of reasons, including the need to cut back and consolidate job training programs.  I did so with the understanding that this legislation was a bipartisan work in progress. To a good extent this has been true with one noted exception--vocational rehabilitation for our Nation's disabled citizens.  Regrettably, this bill, which does so much to consolidate programs and transfer responsibility to the States, would eliminate the current vocational rehab block grant which already works.  The job training system needs fixing, but the same does not hold true for the vocational rehabilitation system, and that is why the Senate did not tamper with the vocational rehabilitation system in its job training bill. The other body realizes that the current system already gives the States flexibility to meet the vocational rehabilitation needs of their citizens.  That is also why the National Governors Association supports the amendment to maintain the current vocational rehabilitation system offered by Mr. Green. The Governors understand the axion; ``if it ain't broke, don't fix it.''  Some would argue we need to increase competition between public and private rehabilitation providers, but the only problem is that in 21 States there are no private providers and in my State of Rhode Island there is only one.  Others argue that the General Accounting Office has criticized the current system. However, the GAO found that for every $1 invested in the vocational rehabilitation system reduced disability payments and increased revenues by $18. In addition, the earnings of participants were four times greater than nonparticipants.  Moreover, while the costs of the program have remained the same, success has increased even with more enrollees who have severe disabilities.  I am also concerned that the system proposed in H.R. 1617 would jeopardize the prospects of individuals with low-incidence disabilities, like blindness, who need very specialized services in order to enter the work force.  Therefore, I am pleased that my colleagues joined me in voting to protect our Nation's disabled citizens by supporting Mr. Green's amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I want to reiterate that H.R. 1617's goal of consolidation and rationalization is worthy of support, and I look forward to further improvements to this bill when it reaches conference.  