Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the bill before us today. Most of us agree that the Clean Water Act has been instrumental in cleaning up our nation's waters, yet we are debating a bill that, if enacted, would move us backwards and undercut the progress that we have made to ensure that our nation's waters are drinkable, swimmable, and fishable.  If enacted, H.R. 961 would devastate Rhode Island. Rhode Island's 420 miles of coastline, beaches, and water have long been a destination for tourists. Indeed, Narragansett Bay has played an integral role in my state's historical, social, and financial development. In 1989 alone, commercial fishing revenues generated over $42 million, marine recreation generated $146 million, the marine industry generated $637 million, and in 1992, the shellfishing industry yielded a harvest worth $11 million. Total revenues associated with Narragansett Bay exceeded $1 billion for the State of Rhode Island in 1989.  This sort of economic stability is predicated on clean water. However, there is still more work to be done. Beaches are monitored but periodically exceed safe water quality tests. And bans against shellfishing in Rhode Island still occur all too frequently. In December of 1992, 2,800 acres of prime winter shellfish harvesting areas were closed, causing a loss of $1 million in revenues. The state was able to begin to address this environmental and economic disaster because of the support provided under the Clean Water Act's coastal nonpoint source management program, the National Estuary Program, and the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES).  In 1994, the state was able to re-open part of the shellfish harvesting area. However, 40 percent of the shellfish beds are still periodically closed due to coastal nonpoint source pollution, stormwater runoff, and combined sewer overflows. Rhode Island's share of our nation's total quahog landings was nearly 50 percent in 1986. In 1993, it had dropped to 13 percent. Seventy percent of this drop was due to a decrease in water quality. What this means is that every time it rains, shellfishermen in Rhode Island are reminded that the problem has not been fixed yet.  Rhode Islanders also recognize the importance of a clean bay. A 1992 poll by the state Department of Environmental Management and the Narragansett Bay Project found that 98 percent of those surveyed believed that Narragansett Bay is important to Rhode Island, and 93 percent said that it is important to take steps to reduce pollution in Narragansett Bay.  And today we are debating a bill, which, if enacted, would repeal the Clean Water Act's coastal nonpoint source management program. It does not contain any of the language of the DeLauro-Lowey Water Pollution Control and Estuary Restoration Act. And, it eliminates the storm water permit program.  Our water resources are already being pushed to their limits. Population in coastal areas continues to increase. In fact, by the year 2010, Rhode Island's population is expected to grow by 10 percent, with 47 percent of this growth occurring in coastal areas. This increase in population, along with development and pollution, puts more strain on our natural resources, particularly estuaries. And 75 percent of the fish caught by sportsmen and fishermen are estuarine-dependent.  The Clean Water Act has meant jobs, increased revenues for my state, and an increased quality of life for the residents of Rhode Island, as well as many other coastal states. The Clean Water Act provides states with the tools they need to combat the problems that still pollute our waterways. We should increase funding for the State Revolving Funds, but we need to do it in a meaningful way.  Now is not the time to rollback regulations that have improved our nation's economy, environmental resources, and health. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.  