Chairman, this is a critical amendment if we want to have a reasonable, cost-effective regulatory reform bill. I must from the outset say that we have made great progress already discussing this issue, and the issue essentially is what is the threshold for a major rule in the context of title II.  That is a very important issue, because once a rule has been declared a major rule, then an agency must do a rather elaborate and potentially expensive regulatory impact analysis. To the extent that all rules are major rules, then regulatory agencies will be spending lots of money thinking up alternative approaches and all sorts of paperwork and doing very little in terms of serving the American people directly by carrying out the duties of their agency.  This is a very, very important principle that we must I think establish. Initially the legislation proposed a very, very low threshold, a million dollar effect on an individual in the United States. It has been raised to $50 million, but frankly that $50 million still in my view and that of many Members does not constitute a truly major rule. Let me tell you why.  Years ago when President Ford first by Executive order instituted the regulatory impact analysis approach, he chose as the benchmark for a major rule $100 million. Today, in 1995, that $100 million would be somewhere between $300 and $400 million in today's dollars. So you can see not only has the major rule threshold shifted and slipped down, but in fact this legislation would bring it down from the current $100 million to $50 million. Every succeeding President, President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, all chose a very simple, clearly understood threshold, $100 million, because they knew and they understood that valuable resources in terms of doing studies cannot be dissipated for every rule that the Federal Government does.  In fact, if that is the process, if that is what takes place, we will actually trivialize all we are doing today. Indeed, in testimony before the committee, C. Boyden Gray, who was the counsel to President Ford and chairman of Citizens for a Sound Economy, recommended that the threshold remain at $100 million. That is simply the purpose of my amendment, to move the threshold from $50 to $100 million and make it a clear, simple, bright line test, $100 million.  