Chairman, I believe legislation is needed to deter the meritless strike suits that are siphoning resources away from so many of our innovative bio-technology and high-technology companies. I also strongly support the sections of the bill dealing with proportionate liability for defendants who did not act knowingly. In fact, I have been a cosponsor of bills to correct these problems with securities litigation that were introduced by the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Tauzin] in past Congresses.  However, I am troubled by some of the extraneous provisions that have been included in the legislation before us today. I am particularly concerned about the redefinition of the recklessness standard. Initially, section 204(a)(4) of the bill would have allowed any defendant to escape liability by asserting they genuinely forgot or that disclosure did not come to mind. Fortunately the drafters of this provision realized this sentence created a giant loophole for wrongdoers. Unfortunately, instead of deleting this absurd provision, a hastily drafted amendment was adopted that, to my mind, confuses the issue even further.  There are other troubling provisions. For example, the bill limits the plaintiff to only one amended complaint: there were six amended complaints in the suite against Charles Keating. An amendment to exempt municipalities from some of the bills restrictions was defeated. Municipalities are hardly the professional plaintiffs we are attempting to stop and should not be barred from protecting their--and the taxpayer's--interests.  As Arther Levitt, the chairman of the Securities Exchange Commission, has said, ``Our markets are the best in the world, partly because our securities laws are the best in the world. We tamper with the securities regulation system at our peril.''  If this bill comes back from the Senate in a more reasonable form, I intend to support it. But I cannot support it as it now stands. Responsible legislation is needed to stop frivolous lawsuits. But we should not hinder our ability to police future calamities like the savings and loan frauds, the Orange County bankruptcy, and an increasing number of derivatives scandals.  