Chairman, I rise in support of the Gephardt education tax deduction legislation and in strong opposition to the ill-conceived Republican tax bill.  I am opposed to the Contract on America tax bill because it is a return to the failed policies of the 1980's, it provides much for the well-to-do and little for the middle-class, and it will massively increase the deficit. It is also interesting to note that this tax cut bill actually would raise taxes on Federal workers.  In the 1980's the American people were told that tax cuts for the wealthy would trickle down to the average American. They didn't. The American people were also told that the deficit would be cut. Well it wasn't. Regrettably, the Republicans are ready to try this experiment again today.  Proponents of the Contract tax bill claim it will help the American middle-class. Well, it won't. Indeed, it is estimated that 51 percent of the benefits from this bill go to the top 12 percent of earners. For the average family most of us would consider middle-class, those making $30,000 to $50,000, would get a tax break of $569, but a family making over $200,000 gets $11,266.  If this isn't unfair enough to make someone question this bill, the repeal of the Alternative Minimum Tax, which President Reagan introduced, further tilts the balance against working Americans. The AMT ensures that large corporations have to pay at least some tax. Prior to President Reagan's introduction of the AMT, large, profitable companies paid no tax and in some cases actually got rebates. For example, AT&T got a $636 million rebate, even though its profits were $24.9 billion. DuPont got a $179 million rebate, but made $3.8 billion. GE didn't get a rebate, it just didn't pay taxes for 3 years between 1982 and 1985. How does this help middle-class families?  Not only does the Contract tax bill do little for the middle-class, it also swells the deficit. Over the first 5 years, the Contract tax bill would cost roughly $200 billion which the majority has paid for by cutting child nutrition programs and tightening the caps on discretionary spending. However, the total cost over 10 years would be almost $700 billion. I believe this is why many in the Senate, like Senator Chafee, are opposed to the Contract's tax cuts.  If the Republicans follow through with their pledge to protect Social Security and defense spending while balancing the budget, this tax bill will require 30 percent cuts in all other domestic programs like student loans, transportation, and job training. Cutting the deficit further than we did in 1993 will be a tough job, but the Contract tax bill makes achieving a balanced budget all the more difficult, if not impossible. I would also like to remind my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that they promised to pass specific spending cuts before they passed any tax cuts.  I know many of my Republican colleagues share this concern over the deficit impact of their party's tax bill. Indeed, many of them tried to add a provision to the bill to prohibit tax cuts before the deficit is eliminated. However, their party's leadership was not willing to support that proposal. Instead, the Contract tax bill only requires an annual report on progress in balancing the budget. However, the Democratic alternative requires that all tax cuts would be revoked, if deficit targets are not achieved. This Democratic provision guarantees that deficit reduction comes before any tax cuts.  I support cutting Congressional pensions and bringing them in line with private sector pensions which a provision of this bill will partially do. However, I am disappointed that this initiative was included in this mistaken tax bill solely for political effect.  In response, I wrote and urged Minority Leader Gephardt to include Congressional pension reform in the only amendment allowed by the Republicans. Therefore, I am glad that the motion to recommit includes Congressional pension reform, and I plan to support this motion which requires that the Ways and Means Committee fix Congressional pensions. However, I cannot support fixing Congressional pensions as part of this spurious Republican tax bill.  Mr. Chairman, the Contract tax bill would also require the new Governor of Rhode Island to make-up the loss of $280 million in revenues over 10 years. Rhode Island already faces a budget crisis and unfortunately this bill just compounds this problem. But Rhode Island's Governor might be lucky compared with New Jersey's Governor Whitman whose State loses $3 billion over 10 years.  In contrast, the Democratic alternative provides fair, reasonable, and targeted tax benefits aimed at helping middle-class families make a productive investment in their children's education. The Democratic tax fairness bill provides a $10,000 tuition deduction. It expands the number of Americans who are eligible for a tax deductible IRA which will increase our savings rate. The Democratic alternative would create new U.S. savings bond which would help middle-class families save money for their children's education. It would also allow students to deduct the interest on their loans. The Democratic alternative is geared toward education because education is an investment in our future. Education means an increased earning potential, greater global competitiveness, and self-sufficiency.  Of course, there are other proposals that the minority leader's substitute might have included, But, to the alternative bill's credit it maintains deficit reduction as the major focus of Congress.  Mr. Chairman, this debate did not have to be them against us. The Republicans could have worked with Democrats to develop an affordable, fair, bi-partisan tax bill. Indeed, there are many items in the Contract tax bill that I support and wish we could have worked together to pass. First, I am in favor of reducing taxes for families making under $100,000. Second, I have voted for targeted capital gains tax breaks in the past in order to spur productive investments in jobs, not just for Wall Street billionaires. Third, I would like to see a repeal or modification of the change in the amount of Social Security that is subject to taxation. However, I am concerned that Republicans would change this tax by cutting funds for the Medicare trust fund. Fourth, I would be glad to support a bipartisan change in the Social Security earnings limit. Fifth, I believe we need to correct the home office deduction. Finally, I am sure there are a number of tax provisions we could all agree on, but the Republicans decided against a bipartisan approach.  Mr. Chairman, I wish the majority had decided on a bipartisan approach and developed a sensible tax bill that truly helps America's struggling families. Instead, they chose to favor those least in need and cut programs for society's most vulnerable members--children.  