Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  I, too, would like to compliment my friends and colleagues, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Gibbons) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey). They have been good adversaries on this issue from the start.  Let me read the President's signing statement when he signed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act:  ``The Nuclear Waste Policy Act which I am signing today provides the long overdue assurance that we now have a safe and effective solution to the nuclear waste problem. It allows the Federal Government to fulfill its responsibilities concerning nuclear waste in a timely and responsible manner.'' The President was Ronald Reagan. The date was January 7, 1983, nearly 20 years ago.  The other side, the opponents of this legislation, say that we have not had enough study. We have not spent enough money. Well, we have spent nearly $15 billion getting this site ready, decades in time.  Where is this site, Yucca Mountain? Well, it is on Federal land. It is close, if not contiguous, to where we have done nuclear testing for decades. It will never be a vacation spot.  Many of the detractors that have spoken today and will speak have always been against nuclear power, which, by the way, provides nearly 20 percent of our Nation's power. Mr. Speaker, I do not know where the gentleman was when the nuclear power decision was made. I do know where I was, elementary school, a long, long time ago.  When the decision was made, the Federal Government said it would take care of the long-term safety and storage of high-level nuclear waste. This was confirmed by the courts.  For my district we have two nuclear plants, both on the shores of Lake Michigan. These two are among 103 throughout the country. Every single one of these facilities is an environmentally sensitive area. Many have run out of room for the storage of high-level nuclear waste. I have seen the lead-lined cement silos in the dunes of Lake Michigan. Yes, they are safe for now, but I do not know that they are safe for 1,000 years, let alone 10,000 years, as will be certified in Nevada before it will accept nuclear waste, still more than a decade away.  The process for safe storage started nearly 40 years ago. We need to finish the job today. Safe storage and safe transportation of high-level nuclear waste in one safe place is essential, particularly with the events of 9/11. We have shipped more than 1,700 shipments of high-level nuclear waste more than 1 million miles across this country without a single release of radioactivity.  I know that that track record can continue. I would urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation and send it to the other body.  