Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1542, and as chairman of the Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet, I would say that today, in fact, is the defining moment in our Nation's telecommunications policy.  Yes, the issues are complex, but there certainly is much at stake. The choice in this debate could not be simpler or clearer. Today's regulation of broadband is based on yesterday's technology. So we can either seize the moment and move forward, or we can stay stuck in the outmoded regulatory rut and watch other countries take our jobs and industry away.  Recently, I had the opportunity to chat with the head of the Southwestern Michigan Realtors Association, and it was no surprise to learn that the number one question on the minds of prospective home buyers in Michigan these days is not about property taxes and local schools but, rather, whether there is broadband access available in the neighborhoods. These folks are willing to commute, in fact, more than 30 minutes, even across State lines, just to live in communities which have broadband.  Small businesses in the area are reporting similar competitive disadvantages as well. I compare broadband access to the interstate highway system which was built through southwest Michigan back in the late 1950s and 1960s; and as I crisscross my district, I can see the population and the economic growth which has occurred in these towns that have access to interstate highways.  Those communities which do not have access have remained in a virtual time capsule, great little towns, but they virtually stood still throughout the past number of decades. That is what I fear will happen if we do not move soon, as soon as possible in fact, to get these communities connected to the high-speed Internet access highway.  That is why we need to provide deregulatory parity for broadband, regardless of the platform by which it is delivered, whether it be telephone lines, cable, wireless, satellite; and by doing that we can undo the enormous regulatory shackles which stand in the way of telephone companies providing DSL.  