 The Auction Reform Act of 2002 will eliminate the statutory deadlines that have prompted the FCC to schedule auctions in June for spectrum in the 700 megahertz band currently occupied by television broadcasters.  This legislation should not be necessary to stop the FCC from conducting the auctions in June. The FCC currently has the authority to delay these auctions and should do so on its own, many of us believe, but in addition to asking the FCC to use its own authority to delay the auctions, 52 members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce introduced this legislation to remove the deadlines from the statutes. Madam Speaker, I am delighted to report that the bill was passed by voice vote by the Committee on Energy and Commerce just last week.  It is true that the auction of the upper portion of the 700 megahertz band has been delayed five times, but, Madam Speaker, conducting the auctions for both the upper and lower parts of the 700 megahertz band in June would be bad telecommunications policy and bad spectrum policy. These auctions should not go forward.  Let me address some of the reasons why these auctions should not take place.  One, no comprehensive plan exists for allocating additional spectrum for third generation wireless and other advanced mobile communications services. The 700 megahertz band may prove to be the commercial mobile wireless commercial industry's only viable option for obtaining additional spectrum for advanced mobile communications services if spectrum from other bands below 3 gigahertz is not allocated for such purposes.  Two, the study being conducted by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, NTIA, and the Pentagon to determine whether the Pentagon can share or relinquish additional spectrum for third generation wireless and other advanced mobile communications services will not be completed until after the June 19 auction date for the upper 700 megahertz band and long after the applications must be filed to participate in the auction.  Third, it is difficult for wireless carriers to make sound business decisions concerning what options are available for spectrum for third generation and other advanced mobile communications services until the NTIA/Pentagon report has been released and then evaluated.  Fourth, the Commission is also in the process of determining how to resolve the interference problems that exist in the 800 megahertz band, especially for public safety. One option being considered for the 800 megahertz band would involve the 700 megahertz band. The Commission should not hold the 700 megahertz auction before the 800 megahertz interference issues are resolved or a viable plan has been approved.  Next, the 700 megahertz band is still occupied by TV broadcasters and will be so until the digital transition is complete. This situation creates a tremendous amount of uncertainty concerning when the spectrum will be available and reduces the value placed on the spectrum by potential bidders. The encumbrance of the 700 megahertz band reduces both the amount of money that the auction would be likely to produce and the probability that thespectrum would be purchased by the entities that valued the spectrum the most and would put the spectrum to its most productive use.  Last, Madam Speaker, the Commission's rules governing voluntary mechanisms for the vacation of the 700 megahertz band by the broadcasters produced no certainty that the band would be available for advanced mobile communications services, public safety operations and other purposes any earlier than the existing statutory framework provides.  Madam Speaker, the FCC and the administration clearly have a lot of work to do with respect to allocating and assigning additional spectrum for advanced mobile communications services and with respect to speeding the transition to digital TV. Until more progress is made in these areas, the 700 megahertz band auction simply should not occur.  The FCC should use its own authority to delay these auctions, and we are making clear that holding the auctions within the FCC's designated time frame is contrary to both sound regulatory policy and contrary to the Communications Act.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  