Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, today the House will consider important legislation that will help New York rebuild Lower Manhattan after the tragic events of September 11.  Before I briefly discuss the purpose and effect of H.R. 3880, I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Fossella) and his fellow Committee on Energy and Commerce New York members, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Towns) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel), for their great leadership in developing this legislation and moving it through the committee in a very strong bipartisan manner.  As a result of this team effort, H.R. 3880 enjoys not only the support of the City and State of New York, but also the support of the Department of Transportation, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the environmental group Environmental Defense.  This legislation is needed because New York's transportation planning office was located in the World Trade Center and was destroyed on September 11. Three staff members were killed; and for all practical purposes, the planning office's records and complex computer models simply disappeared.  While tragic, this is not the sole reason New York needs a temporary extension from the Clean Air Act transportation conformity requirements. As we all know, September 11 changed the shape of New York. Thousands and thousands of offices have been moved to new places and commuters now travel different routes. Complying with the transportation conformity regulations and other metropolitan planning requirements would require a full understanding of these changes in the development of a new, corresponding computer model.  EPA and DOT all agree that this task would be impossible for New York to complete by next month, which is New York's existing conformity deadline. Without H.R. 3880, when New York misses next month's conformity deadline, progress would cease on over $4.6 billion worth of transportation projects, all at a time when the rebuilding of Lower Manhattan and its transportation infrastructure is of paramount importance.  So as to avoid this untenable outcome, H.R. 3880 provides a temporary 3-year waiver necessary for New York to develop new computer models and meet the requirements of the next conformity planning cycle in October of 2005.  I note that during full committee markup of H.R. 3880, the bill was amended in a bipartisan manner to address specific concerns raised by environmental groups with regard to regionally significant highway projects which now are generally prohibited unless they obtain emissions offset credits. Accordingly, H.R. 3880 has been endorsed by Environmental Defense.  In addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce's New York delegation, I wish to thank the chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Air Quality, the gentleman from Texas (Chairman Barton); the subcommittee's ranking member, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Boucher); and, of course, the ranking member of the full committee, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), for their bipartisan cooperation in providing this timely relief for the City of New York. I also wish to thank the gentleman from Alaska (Chairman Young), chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for his cooperation with our request that this measure be considered by the full House promptly after our full committee markup.  In addition to the committee's report filed on H.R. 3880, the committee understands that New York State is working on expanding ferry service into New York City from Westchester and Rockland Counties and encourages this process to move forward as a means of providing alternative mass transit options which help to reduce traffic and improve the air quality of the region.  Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge the House to vote for H.R. 3880, a bipartisan measure that will allow New York to continue the important task of rebuilding after the tragic events of 1 year ago.  Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the managing of this bill go to my colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Fossella).  