Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the farm bill established for the first time the Farmers Market Promotion Program to expand and promote our farmers markets around the country, to help farmers increase their sales at roadside stands and community-supported farmers markets across this country.  My proposal would take $6 million from the Chief Information Officer's account and put it in this program. Though authorized by the farm bill, there were no funds appropriated to this account that were in the bill that cleared the subcommittee.  What this program does, it would give additional traction to farmers who are farming especially around our large urban areas to earn money from the market place rather than from subsidy programs. It is a direct-marketing program. None of the dollars in this measure go to buildings and so forth. And it is really aimed at those farmers that are trying to hang on and earn money from the market place.  The average age of farmers in our country is now about 58 years old. This is a very small amount of money coming out of a bill that is over $80 billion, but really it has so much effect. If you go up here just on the street on the Mall and you look at the farmers market that operates outside the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the roadside stands that exist in many of the communities in which we live, or I was talking to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Velazquez) and on the Lower East Side of Manhattan this weekend, farmers were able to bring their product there and have a real opportunity to market in a very high-priced part of the United States where there is a lot of the poverty.  This program is aimed at expanding those types of efforts and connecting the farm to the town, helping our farmers move their diversified product. And many of these farmers are not on any subsidy program. They raise vegetables. They raise fruits. They process the product. They bring them to the farmers market. This would really help them to expand their ability to market.  So we just basically move funds inside the bill from the administrative account of the Chief Information Officer, and we put it over in the account that deals with this farmers market program that was established in the new farm bill.  When Secretary Veneman spoke at the opening of the USDA Farmers Market just a little more than 2 weeks ago, she talked about how farmers were gravitating to farmers markets and trying more sophisticated ways to market their products because of the difficulties that are being faced in the general market place itself as it becomes more difficult for small entrepreneurs, small business people to move their product to market. So we know that the need is great.  The 2002 Census of Agriculture showed a 37 percent increase just since 1997 in direct sales to consumers. And we know that the interest is there. We know our farmers need a lot of help in marketing. Most farmers, if you ask them what is the worst thing they do, they say it is market simply because they spend all their time growing, all their time picking and displaying, and it is hard for them to move product to market. This is something that will make a difference immediately.  It will also help farmers avoid the slotting fees that they have to pay if they are asked to show in a supermarket. They cannot afford $50,000 or $25,000 to put their product right on the shelf. It gives them an alternate direct-marketing opportunity.  I would ask the Members for their support of this very worthy program, to give life to the farmers marketing program that was authorized in the new farm bill.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  