Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is to move America into the future. In the new farm bill, title IX provides for the first time in American history an energy title. In the past fiscal year, we provided $23 million in that account to help move America forward, rooted deeply in the rural countryside. The bill before us today actually cuts that account. This amendment merely restores $8 million to bring it up to equal what we are spending in this current fiscal year of $23 million in the renewable fuels account, title IX of the bill.  Members have to decide, are they for the future, or do they want to continue to live in the past?  The funds that we use to make this account equal to what it is this year come from the Agriculture buildings and facilities and rental payments account. There is an $8 million offset within the bill.  I think it is important for members on every committee, regardless of where we serve in this House, to help move America forward to energy independence. How we convert this country is each of our responsibilities. The United States currently imports two-thirds of the petroleum we consume. By 2025 it is estimated that we will consume 75 percent of imported fuels in this country. We are at the dawn of a new fuels age.  This chart that I am showing you here indicates that the largest share of the fuels we import are from the Middle East. It is no surprise to anybody here where we are at war right now. This is not going to change unless each of us changes. In the most recent farm bill that was passed, we made an effort to do that.  To cut the renewable fuels accounts at the beginning of this 21st century makes absolutely no sense at all. All our amendment does is say we made a good start last year. It was a small start, because only about 1 percent of the fuels we consume in this country are renewable fuels, like ethanol and biodiesel. Our amendment says we have made one small step forward for humankind; let us take another small step with this bill.  According to GAO, the United States has spent over $130 billion over the last three decades in government subsidies to the oil industry. What we are talking about here is a very small amount of money in this bill, $23 million with this amendment, that would help the U.S. Department of Agriculture help America pull forward and to try to resolve our chief strategic vulnerability, which is our absolutely total dependence on imported petroleum.  Recent studies cited by the Renewable Fuels Association found, for example, that increasing ethanol production to just 5 billion gallons annually would create 214,000 jobs, $5.3 billion in new private sector investment in renewable fuel production facilities and increase household income by $51.7 billion, because we would not be draining off the dollars we spend on fuels to go to producers in other countries.  While the energy bill would establish a renewable fuel standard that would lead us to a doubling of ethanol usage, we still need to support the development of infrastructure and ethanol and biodiesel plant construction and distribution systems. We are at the dawn of a new fuels age. It is just a little keyhole as we look toward the future. Yet this is one of the most important steps we can take in trying to help America when she needs us most.  So every single Member here has to ask themselves as they consider our small amendment, just to put $23 million in this account to keep it equal with last year, are we going to live in the past, or are we going to move forward? Are we going to ask agricultural America to pull forward with the Nation? Or are we going to continue to live with our heads and our pockets literally in the sands of the Middle East and every other undemocratic place in the world?  American farmers want to move forward. Is this Congress going to help them, or are we going to continue to live in the troubled past?  I ask for support on this amendment. Essentially again what it does, it takes $8 million from the buildings accounts, moves it into title IX, to keep it at $23 million, which is what we are spending in this current fiscal year.  