Chairman, I did want to respond to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood), a respected member of our subcommittee, to say that one of our problems in this bill is that, because it is under what we spent last year, many accounts have been scraped. We have been trying to find dollars to do several things in the bill. The Common Computing Environment has a lot of money. This year we are proposing $120 million, an amount over last year. But there are other underfunded programs in the bill extraordinarily important to farmers.  For example, in the important area of bioenergy, the administration wants to cut the development of renewable fuels. We have a new title in the farm bill to create a new market in this country for fuels. One of the amendments that will be offered would take a few dollars out of this common computing account and just let that account be level with this year's expenditures which is $23 million. It's not a lot of money in terms of the full bill. But nonetheless to try to really help our farmers bring up a new industry, it amounts to real dollars. This is money not going to a government agency. It is going directly to farmers to bring up a new source of power in our Nation, new sources of power based in agriculture.  One of the other amendments, and other Members will speak to this, has to do with the civil rights portions of this bill which are underfunded. This account has over $120 million in it.  The third area in which we would hope to take a few dollars out of these accounts are the Farmers Market Promotion Program, a program that was authorized in the new farm bill but has zero dollars now. Farmers out there all around this country are trying to sell their product directly to consumers. We have had so many requests from Members to assist with Farmers' Market Development. We have been unable to meet those requests. For the first time, with this amendment, we would provide funds in a newly authorized program in the farm bill.  So, yes, we have to make choices; and we are trying to help all titles of the farm bill as best we can. These dollars, by being diverted to agencies that already have billions of dollars, well, I really would question our ability to monitor those expenditures. And, yes, farmers are going into these farm service agencies and they are not being served, but we have had these accounts plused up over $100 million for computers for years and years and years.  One of the points I would have, since we have this computing account in the Secretary's office, we can have better oversight so we can see whether or not they are putting these computers in the farm service agencies. But the truth is we do not have enough money in any account to do everything that needs to be done. I respect what the gentleman is saying, but we have to try to do more with less in every single one of the accounts that we are supposed to fund.  I would urge my colleagues to think about this vote because it harms other programs in the bill that are extraordinarily important and are serving our farmers directly. We still maintain hundreds, tens of thousands of dollars, millions of dollars in this account to help with the computing environment. I did want to respond to that.  Mr. LaHOOD. Mr. Chairman, will the gentlewoman yield?  