Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from California for allowing this institution to function as it should and to allow those who disagree with this bill an opportunity to speak.  Mr. Chairman, across our country we see the dismantling of jobs and business in this country. This particular bill, H.R. 1561, dismantles the Patent and Trademark Office as we have known it. If one reads article 1, section 8, it says, the Congress shall have the power to secure for inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. Throughout the over 200-year history of our country, that has been done through the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The bill before us on page 11 reads, the Director can provide that searches be done by commercial entities.  That is not what the Constitution says. That is not the U.S. Patent Office. That is a commercial entity. Yes, searches will be outsourced from the U.S. Patent Office. You could say they would be contracted out. That is not the U.S. Patent Office. We have plenty of examples in this world of copycatting of inventions, of counterfeiting of intellectual property, particularly by the Chinese and by patent thieves and by submarine patents. There are plenty of things going on in this world that contracting out or outsourcing of the Patent Office does not help because you cannot secure the honesty or the integrity of those instrumentalities. And though the bill says business concerns, it does not say corporations, it says business concerns organized under the laws of the United States that indeed can be a foreign corporation, because a foreign corporation operating inside the United States, be it Chinese, Japanese, Bangladeshi, Indian, whatever, is defined as a U.S. corporation. That is not the Patent and Trademark Office of the United States of America. Patent holders actually will not know if their search is being outsourced or contracted out and they will not know to whom. And in terms of the fees being charged, the additional tax being put on small inventors and small companies, all this bill has, with all due respect to the Committee on Small Business, is a study. It does not stop those fees and taxes from being imposed. It increases them. How in heaven's name does this make America any more secure?  I might point out to my dear friend from Wisconsin, as good a Badger as he is, that indeed the Japanese patent system and the European patent system are not the American system. We have the protections here, which is why other countries want to file their patents here. We do not want to harmonize with systems unlike ours. We want them to be like us. Why are we doing this? And if a patent search takes a while, that is a good thing. It protects my rights, particularly my rights as a small inventor. So I would say with all due respect to the authors of this legislation, changing the U.S. Patent Office, why? Why dismantle it after over two centuries of success?  I deeply thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time. At least we had the opportunity to put our views on the record. I would ask my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 1561.  