Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, we would like to rise in support of the Hyde amendment renaming the Farmer-to-Farmer program so that that program includes the name of our dear colleague, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter), and I want to thank the chairman for offering this important amendment to our bill this year.  We rise to accept the amendment and again thank and compliment the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde) for his cooperation in not only championing this amendment but working to be sure that Mr. Bereuter's contributions are recognized, along with those of John Ogonowski, the pilot of American Airlines flight 11 that tragically crashed into the World Trade Tower on 9/11, for whom the program was named 3 years ago. Mr. Ogonowski had worked so diligently with farmers and others in Massachusetts, and so to have his name and Mr. Bereuter's name associated in perpetuity on this program I think really elevates it to a level that more fully expresses the real goodness of our country. We share the appreciation of the work that the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter) has done to support and expand the Farmer-to-Farmer program.  I know that the best way to combat terrorism and misunderstanding is to have programs like Farmer-to-Farmer that link our producers to those of other nations, forming lifelong friendships and understandings. If we look at so many of the societies in which we currently are confronting difficulty, whether it is Pakistan or Afghanistan, other -stan countries that had been part of the former Soviet Union, whether we talk about Africa and the starving people of so many of those nations, this Farmer-to-Farmer program is extraordinarily important. It puts the best face of America forward.  So in taking this time today, again, I want to compliment the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde). Let me also thank the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter) for his enormous contributions to agriculture while a Member of this House but also the future work he will be doing with the Asia Foundation. The needs of the Pacific and the islands of the Pacific and so many of the issues that he will confront in that new capacity will be enlightened by the accomplishment he demonstrated here.  We are very pleased to support this amendment and thank the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde) for his leadership on this, along with so many other issues important to our Nation.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  