Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment prohibits the use of funds in this bill to pay for outsourcing food stamp call center jobs to foreign countries. We used to have amendments on these bills that were identified ``Buy American.'' Today I offer one to ``Hire an American.''  It would basically change the behavior of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and our respective States that receive food stamp dollars and in turn are outsourcing the call center jobs associated with food stamps to Mexico and to India and to other foreign countries.  The Richmond Times Dispatch reported in March that 38 States had been exporting our jobs since 2001. Since then we have learned from the Congressional Research Service that in fact 42 States have outsourced some part of their food stamp call center operations.  Think about that. The calls relate to food stamps for people inside the United States of America. Only Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Mississippi, Montana, Ohio, Texas, and Wyoming have their call centers exclusively inside the United States. Other States are beginning to look at this issue and take action, but this deserves national attention since these are dollars that fund the food stamp programs in all of our States.  It is also ironic that the biggest account in this entire bill is the food stamp program, ringing in at $33 billion being paid out to needy Americans. Given the complexity that some people face when trying to complete those applications or find out where there may be stores that accept electronic benefit technology, you would expect that our constituents would be able to reach someone in their own community or our States who might be better able to relate to the problems that they are facing in their own lives.  So we provide $33 billion for food stamps to all of our States, and that isa program that has increased 46 percent in just the last 4 years.  Many banking companies have become the intermediaries that are administrating the food stamp program and end up putting those jobs in other countries. Would it not be better use of American taxpayer funds to try to hire unemployed individuals? In fact, some of those receiving food stamps who could get off these food stamps by having good jobs at these call centers.  