Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the amendment I am offering today would simply restate existing law, that none of the funds available in this act can be used to provide credit for use in Iraq in violation of our agricultural trade acts. Again, it is a restatement of existing law that the Commodity Credit Corporation cannot make any credit available to any country that the Secretary determines cannot adequately service its debt.  Let us take a look at Iraq, which now owes the United States over $4 billion. And some people may be saying, well, what does the Agriculture Department have to do with debts owed from Iraq? The facts are, going way back to the 1980s, it was through the Commodity Credit Corporation of the Department of Agriculture that the Saddam Hussein regime was financed, and the $4 billion in which Iraq is in default falls squarely in our laps in this committee.  I do not favor the forgiveness of those debts. In fact, at the time, and this is recounted in a book called ``The Spider's Web,'' by Alan Friedman, ``The Secret History of How the White House Illegally Armed Iraq,'' there were statements made at the time by James Baker, among others, that these debts would be paid back through oil revenues. And what this amendment attempts to do is to say, we ought to support existing law. We should not permit the Department of Agriculture to extend credits to Iraq. It is a place in transition. There is not a normal commercial environment in which to conduct business. And it is a place still rife with corruption. Sometimes it is hard to know who is friend and who is enemy.  The real question for us, for the USDA, should be: How should normal commercial transactions be handled with Iraq?  The past is prologue. U.S. law was violated in the past when it concerned Iraq, and it was repeatedly used to implement foreign policy objectives that were not known by the vast majority of Members of this Congress or the American people themselves.  The history of U.S. transactions with Iraq has been marked by fraud, deception, manipulation, unreported loans, and outright crime. Rumor has it that the administration is considering using CCC authority again to begin to try to sell products to Iraq. We should ask ourselves, how do we get strict oversight on this potential activity and, frankly, it should not be allowed in a normal business transaction.  Here we have a chart, and this indicates who owes us the $4 billion. If we go back to the 1980s and 1990s, booked currently through, this is as of December of last year, it is very interesting who the American taxpayers are being asked to bail out. The Arab American Bank: they got $394,517,000 from the taxpayers of the United States, and now Iraq wants those debts forgiven. How about the Gulf International Bank. They get $907 million. They do not sound like a very poor institution to me. How about the National Bank of Kuwait. Why should our taxpayers give them $297,938? Why should we not get this money back?  Now, it is interesting, there is a little bank here in Texas, First City Texas Houston Bank, they got bailed out by the taxpayers, $95,469,000. It is sort of interesting to look at who some of the people in place were when these deals were made. How about Kenneth Lay who was on the board of directors? How about James Elkins, Jr., who was chair until 1988? How about Jeff Skilling, who was working in the risk management division of that institution? Why should the American people pay the bill for this?  This is all caught up in the policies that the Department of Agriculture did not want to implement, if we go back to the record and look; and now the American people have bailed out these banks, and Iraq wants forgiveness on this debt. Why do we not go back to the original thought, and that is, let the oil revenues pay this off? Why should we, through our accounts of the Commodity Credit Corporation and the American people, be asked to bail out some of the wealthiest institutions on the globe?  How about Morgan Guarantee Trust Company of New York? $284,077,000. This is the record, and, of course, the big one, the Banca Nazionale Del Lavoro in Italy, $810 million. We all know the scandal that was involved with that.  The point is, these are still claims outstanding, principle and interest in default by the nation of Iraq.  My amendment would say, we should not open commercial relations with Iraq until these debts are paid, and all we do in the amendment is to reaffirm existing law.  These are not normal circumstances in which we are dealing. There is uncertainty regarding the condition of the Iraqi economy, the ruling authorities, and a host of other issues that make additional credits risky at this time. And we should not put the taxpayers further at risk. They are already $4 billion on the hook, having bailed out these institutions that should have paid us in the first place.  At the subcommittee level, we offered a more restrictive amendment which did not receive broad support in the committee; and so we brought back another amendment that merely restates existing law. I would ask the Members to consider my amendment to make sure that we are protected, our taxpayers are protected, and based on the history with this country that the largest banks in the world not have their hands in the pockets of our taxpayers. So I would ask for support for the Kaptur amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  