Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio very much for yielding time and am pleased to join with him, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Moran) and all the other Members of this body who have sponsored this wonderful resolution to officially now recognize the contributions of the American people to the victory of liberty over tyranny in World War II.  Of course, there will be major Memorial Day celebrations in our country on May 29, indeed the entire week prior, and during that weekend to especially commemorate this Memorial's dedication. I come to the floor this evening to pay honor and tribute to the 16 million Americans who literally bequeathed freedom to us, as well as to all those who served on the home front. If you go down to the memorial today, which has taken 17 years to complete, it is really very poignant to talk to family members who are strolling through the plaza. I met a family last week, a son pushing his father, a World War II veteran, in a wheelchair. All the memories and all of the history come rushing at us. This idea began in 1987 in a place called Jerusalem Township, in the Trustees hall, at the Annual Lucas Township Trustees' fish fry when a wonderful veteran by the name of Roger Durbin approached me. Actually, he shouted at me across the room and said, ``Congresswoman Kaptur, Why is there no World War II memorial in Washington, D.C. where I can bring my grandchildren so they understand the reasons that we fought and how the world was changed? From that moment until May 29, now nearly two decades later, every effort was put forward to properly represent the enormous contribution of the 20th century in bequeathing freedom to the next generation.  This memorial will sit between the Washington Monument, representing the founding of our Republic in the 18th century, and the Lincoln Memorial, representing the preservation of the Union in the 19th. This sits between them is a beautiful, reflective, peaceful expression, including waterfalls and 4,000 stars, each representing 100 of those who lost their lives for us and for the cause of freedom. As the tourists have begun coming through, now they tell me at the rate of 5,000 per day, it will be one of the most visited memorials. It is also the most important memorial in our nation's Capital representing the 20th century's most profound achievement. It is located where it belongs, right there on our Mall of Democracy.  And so we prepare for these great patriotic celebrations. Our deepest regret as we celebrate this moment is that so many of those who fought and those who served on the homefront will not be there with us. I also know that every single veteran or their family members who will come here on May 29 will first think not of themselves but of their comrades and their family members and their friends who are not here, and who will not be able to be here.  I just want the American people to know that as we pass this resolution today, I want to acknowledge the presence in our Chamber today of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith), both involved in the Committee on Veterans' Affairs from the very beginning of our service here. I want to acknowledge Congressman Sonny Montgomery and Congressman Bob Stump. Bob has passed. Sonny I know will be with us. Both were key chairs of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs when we passed the two key parts of legislation that made this memorial possible. It took 10 Congresses to get this job done, two decades to get this job done right. Other members who helped in their capacities as committee chairs were Bill Clay of Missouri who is retired, Henry Gonzalez of Texas who has passed, and Esteban Torres of California, who assisted us on the bill related to the coinage, that is, the minting of three coins that raised the initial $7 million to help us begin the architectural and engineering studies. Speaker Jim Wright and Congressman Jack Brooks, both war veterans themselves when we first introduced this legislation back during the 1980s. And in the other body Senators John Glenn, now retired, and Senator Strom Thurmond who has passed, and of course Senators Bob Dole and John Warner.  All of these individuals were a part of those early years. Let me mention also Congressman John Grotberg of Illinois, who preceded the current Speaker in this institution, and was so important in helping us bridge the partisan line here to expedite these bills' passage. To his wife and to his family, I wish to assure that he is mentioned respectfully in our proceedings here today.  I also wanted to mention to all veterans who may be listening, and to their families, that as part of this memorial, in fact right adjacent to it, there is going to be in perpetuity, run by our Department of Interior, a veterans' legacy section where you can place the name of your loved one, whether they served in battle or here on the home front. So families can take that information and help record for history of what their loved one did doing World War II. When you enter the site, there is a facility being operated by the Department of Interior with three computer terminals now where families of our country can tell the whole story of America's participation.  This has taken a long time. But we look forward to the moment on May 29 when this entire Nation will say ``Our thank you to the most unselfish generation in American history . . . a grateful Nation remembers.''  