Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to strongly oppose this bill, H.R. 1561, and I do so because it is based on our good old Constitution, which says the Congress shall have power to promote the progress of science and useful arts by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries, and from the very founding of the republic that knowledge has been housed in the U.S. Patent Office where inventors around our country had confidence that those inventions belonged to them, protected by the Constitution of our Nation. So important patents are listed, patents inventors, congressional protection.  Today, we have a bill before us, H.R. 1561, that really is another episode in the outsourcing of American jobs. Yes, the outsourcing craze continues. It is like a virus that cannot be stopped. The American people cannot understand why their officials in Washington do not step in and put an end to this nonsense, but guess what, now the Federal Government is getting into the act and the outsourcing of jobs from our government, in this case the U.S. Patent Office, has infected the heart of American ingenuity.  Mr. Speaker, the bill before us authorizes the Patent and Trademark Office to outsource work. There is some palliative, feel-good language about companies being organized under the laws of the United States in the bill, but under U.S. law Honda is a U.S. company, Toshiba is a U.S. company. Saudi companies, if they operate on U.S. soils, are U.S. companies. That does not give me a lot of comfort. This is an insult to the entrepreneurs and inventors of this country.  As someone who comes from the State of Ohio, home of Thomas Edison and Charles Kettering, the thought of outsourcing patent application reviews from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is inconceivable. One might think that with this outsourcing, well, the price is going to go down to inventors. Are they going to get anything out of this? That is the way the free trade fundamentalists try to tell the story, send the work overseas if it can be done, send it out of the government, but guess what. They are going to raise the cost to patent holders. So the same old bankrupt theory is at work.  Patent application reviews will be outsourced, but the price to the small inventor or the small entrepreneur would not decrease. In fact, they put an additional fee, an additional tax on them. Currently, a small entity pays $385. The proposed fee would be $675 with an e-file and $750 without an e-file. Total fees for the life of a patent currently are $4,160, which is a lot of money for a small inventor. The proposed fee with an e-file would raise it to $4,875.  Call it what you want, fee increase, user fee adjustment, search fee. I will tell my colleagues what it really is. It is another tax, and a tough one, on the very people who are trying to invent America's future, the very people on whom we are counting for the intellectual moxie to fuel the information-based economy or knowledge-based economy that the experts say are supposed to lead us out of the doldrums that this economy is in.  The people in this country who tinker with objects and machines and ideas, why should they be taxed and why should we want to outsource anything from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office?  If my colleagues vote for this bill, they are voting for a tax increase, and a rather large increase at that, on the best and brightest minds of our country. It is bad enough they want to outsource such an important function such as patent application search and examination. This is so important that it still remains right here in the Constitution of our country, and now we are talking about outsourcing constitutional responsibility. That in itself is an outrage, but to raise taxes on our inventors and our bright minds actually, in this environment, verges on insanity.  Where does it stop? Where does it stop? I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 1561.  