Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment.  I rise in support of the gentleman from New York's (Mr. Weiner) amendment regarding these APHIS accounts. He is particularly focused on the Asian long-horned beetle which is devastating there in New York City and Chicago. We have many other invasive species. The chart I am holding here gives some representation of the exponential increase in this particular account which combats these destructive invasive species. We call it APHIS. That stands for Animal Plant Health Inspection Service.  If we look at the beginning of the 1990s to the present, the number of invasive species coming into this country is phenomenal, largely due to uninspected and nonfumigated material, much of it live, that ends up causing billions of dollars worth of biological damage across this country. Our forest systems are threatened. City trees are threatened. Our nursery industry is threatened. The maple sugar industry is threatened. If we look in every corner of this country, we have got an invasive species problem.  What we have been doing, and I support the gentleman's amendment, is to try to assist the States to remediate even when there are no known biological predators for the given problem.  This is a multibillion dollar problem we are trying to take care of with old technology in the sense that we are only taking taxpayer money to try to solve this problem, rather than place the burden on those commercial importers and others through our trade agreements who are causing the problem in the first place. We cannot let all the trees in New York City be wasted nor Emerald Ash borer in Ohio and Michigan that are killing all of our ash trees.  We have a serious national problem. It is absorbing more and more of the money inside of our agriculture bill.  I think the gentleman's amendment is very worthy. It is really a trade-off between a few windows in an account in buildings and facilities versus live material throughout in the country and major, major ecosystems that are threatened with absolute extinction.  So there is no question we have to support the gentleman's amendment. But, long term, we have asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture time and again concerning these trade agreements to find us answers that deal with environmental remediation, that places the burden on those who are responsible for the damage in the first place. Every single year when they appear before our committee, they have no answer.  This Secretary went to Qatar. I said to her, Madam Secretary, deal with these environmental problems that are causing devastation across our country. It never came out in any kind of a trade discussion that occurred by this administration.  So, at the least, we have to support this gentleman's amendment. But let us recognize the magnitude of this problem that is being placed on the taxpayers of every single one of ourStates and especially burdensome to, for example, the citizens of Florida, the citizens of Ohio and Michigan, the citizens of New York and Illinois. We can go across this country. But until we get environmental standards built into these trade agreements, we are going to continue to gouge the taxpayers of this country.  It is the wrong solution. But it is the only one we have. So I want to support the gentleman's amendment. It is just too bad that the only place we have to go is the taxpayers rather than finding solution as we do in any other tort case that you would have before the courts of this country i.e., those enterprises that caused the problems in the first place should assume the burden of remediation I think the Asian long-horned beetle came from China.  