Speaker, I rise in opposition to this Moroccan so-called free trade agreement and ask the question, why has the United States as a result of these free trade agreementsover the last 20 years amassed the largest trade deficit in the United States history? They have told us when NAFTA was passed we would have a trade balance. We would in fact have hundreds of thousands of new jobs in this country.  What have we got? We have got the largest trade deficit with Mexico we have ever had, the largest trade deficit with Canada we have ever had, and an outwash of jobs from the United States to Mexico, over 900,000 jobs and counting, nearly a million jobs. NAFTA did not work.  Then they said, well, let us sign the China Free Trade Agreement. Boy, that will really be great. We will bring democracy to China. What have we got? We have got the largest growing trade deficit in the history of the United States with China. Every day companies are closing in this country, moving more production to China where wages are what? Ten cents an hour, 20 cents an hour.  The gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) asked the opposition here, what is the minimum wage in Morocco? Nobody stood up. Do you know what it is? Eighty cents, 80 cents an hour in Morocco.  What makes you think if we pass another NAFTA-like trade agreement, this time with Morocco, are we going to make it any better? This is no different than what we have had. In fact, it is more of the same and even worse.  Our trade balance with Morocco is going down. Now, I think this agreement with Morocco has nothing to do with trade. It has everything to do with the Sahara and with oil relationships along the western side, and that is a whole other story not for this debate. But why would we want to sign a free trade agreement with a kingdom? Why would we want to empower a monarchy which this will do? You cannot have free trade with a country that is not free. Look at Saudi Arabia, where the majority of terrorists came from. That is a kingdom. Why would we want to empower those who hold assets in undemocratic countries? That is exactly what this agreement will do with Morocco.  This agreement is worse than NAFTA. NAFTA's labor and environmental provisions are a joke anyway. They are just side agreements with no teeth. This agreement has nothing, let me repeat, this has nothing to do with labor or environment. It does not have anything like the Jordanian trade agreement which made a step toward labor and the environment. Further, this agreement blocks the reimportation of prescription drugs as the Australian agreement did.  This agreement provides for the privatization of public services, more outsourcing of our service jobs in this country. There are no adjustment provisions in this agreement for workers who lose their jobs. In fact, in the old NAFTA agreement, they now do not even want to count how many American workers are losing jobs in this country so we can provide them with transitional assistance here at home. This agreement has no adjustment provisions.  One of the interesting provisions in this bill deals with Chapter 11. It guarantees that if investors get in trouble in Morocco--such as, what if terrorists do some things over there we do not like--this agreement protects their private risk through government. Even our own constitution does not do that on investment. Investors get a good deal in this agreement, workers do not.  Let me address one of the other unusual aspects of this agreement. It changes the wording of the provisions that deal with agriculture and food safety from being ``equal to'' to what is called ``equivalency''. Who is going to define equivalency on food safety and how it is different from ``equal to''? Or who is going to define equivalency on prescription drugs? What it does is it puts us on a downward path compared to the high standards we have set in this country for our own food and drug safety.  This is a bad deal. It is a bad deal economically. It is a bad deal politically. In view of our standing in the Muslim and Arab world, this is a bad deal. It does not promote democracy.  I encourage my colleagues in this body to vote no on this NAFTA-like expansion that now aims to include Morocco.  