Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very simple. It prevents funding from this act to be used to remove 3 Arctic Sales that have already taken place from the 2017-2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Proposed Program.  The economic benefits that would be associated with offshore development in the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas are tremendous. In those two areas alone, we have the potential to produce about 23.6 billion barrels of oil and 104 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. Potentially creating 54,700 jobs nationwide will generate billions of dollars in revenue for the State and local governments. May I suggest, respectfully, that this money can be used in conservation efforts, in land and water conservation funds. You can't have that program without the development of oil; yet everybody I know on that side supports the program.  The second thing is, if I can say one thing, we sit with our heads in the sand when, across the border, China and the other nations are developing. We must, in fact, be part players of this program. We need to do it wisely and to do it safely and to do it for the benefit of the American people.  Now, if you don't believe in fossil fuels, I understand that, but there is no way that we are not going to be using fossil fuels for many years to come. If we are to do so, let's use that which is safe. We have already proven it can be done safely in the Arctic. It is not the frontier that people think it is. It is 150 feet deep. If we don't do this off our shores, it will be done by foreign countries.  I am asking the Department of the Interior not to withdraw those sales. It means money to the Treasury; it means we have less of a dependence on foreign oil; and it means we will be actively involved. When other countries are involved, we will be there with our equipment, and we will be able to have an oil spill recovery if they spill the oil, because they will not. I know how the parties play in this. We will. I urge the adoption of my amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would mandate that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management include specific areas in the Alaska region of the Outer Continental Shelf in its 2017-2022 lease schedule. This amendment would undermine the Bureau's fundamental mission to manage the development of offshore resources in an environmentally and economically responsible manner.  The 2017-2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Proposed Program was proposed in March of this year, and the public comment only closed a few weeks ago. The Bureau is required by law to consider the environmental impacts of the leasing decision. This includes a comprehensive Programmatic Environmental Impact Statement. It is inappropriate to circumvent this process.  Lease sales should be informed by sound science and by using the best data available. This amendment would violate multiple environmental statutes, including NEPA, the Marine Mammal Protection Act, the Endangered Species Act, and the Coastal Zone Management Act. The amendment undermines the environmental protection that is required by law. Therefore, I must oppose the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  