Mr. Chairman, this amendment is very simple. This is an area called the Forty Mile Mining District area in the State of Alaska that has been mined since 1895.  There was an attempt by the BLM to go in and stop this mining. These are not large mines. These are mom-and-pop operations, placer operations. They put down ridiculous regulations and reclamation now, and they want them to reclaim the land back to the original state before it was ever mined, not of the disturbance of the mining they were doing. It is amazing to me that they would even think about doing this.  I am talking about people who have been there for 20 years, most of them retired. They are really, if I have to say anything, the mom-and-pops of Alaska; they are the spirit of Alaska.  All of a sudden, they have a big agency coming in and saying: You have tohave a reclamation area, and this is the way that we want it done.  Yet, they don't recognize what has been done in the past and how it has worked. What they are proposing is wrong, and it costs a considerable amount of money to these small mom-and-pop miners.  One of our big plaques in the State of Alaska is the gold pan. Yet, we have this agency coming in for 140 acres. That is all they are talking about. For some reason, they got an idea that we want to put them out of business.  I am just saying, no, they should not impose these regulations. Follow the State mining law, and the reclamation that takes place now works. Let them continue to do that, and we can reclaim the land. They are agreeable to that. They just can't do what they are asking them to do because they can't afford to do it. It is that simple.  This is a simple amendment to try and protect mom-and-pop operations in the State of Alaska like you would do in your State for any other operation where the Federal Government is coming in and trying to take it away.  I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment.  I reserve the balance of my time.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, most of the 186 active mining operations on the BLM--these are Federal managed lands in Alaska--are placer mining operations.  Between 4 and 800 miles of BLM Federal managed streams have historic or active placer mining impacts, and there is a legacy of historic claims with reduced ecosystem function.  Now, BLM continues various outreach activities, including public meetings and interactions with individual miners, and is working with industry to incorporate best practice management and to use new science-based reclamation techniques to accelerate stream recovery.  I hear what the gentleman is saying about State lands and State recovery. And what the State of Alaska chooses to do with recovery in its own State boundaries is one thing, but these are Federal lands. In the course of reclamation activities, it may be necessary to increase an annual cost to miners to recover these streams and restore the ecosystem function.  The amendment prohibits assessing the cost of reclaiming these areas to placer miners who are profiting from Federal mineral extraction on federally managed lands, BLM lands. So the taxpayers all across this country should not be shouldering the burden of these restoring costs. The responsible party should. So that is why I strongly oppose this amendment.  I reserve the balance of my time.  