Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 5278.  May I commend Chairman Bishop for his kindness in recognizing my birthday and my anniversary. I am quite proud of that. I am 83 years old. I want a lot of you to remember the fact I still can kick tails and take names, so just keep that in mind.  This is a bill that I do support. It has been worked together with the Puerto Ricans. It has been worked together with Representatives Grijalva and Pierluisi. I would say most all of the people involved in this recognize this is not everything we would want, but it is the bill, I think, that can help Puerto Rico today and now.  It is not a bailout. That is for some people who keep saying it is a bailout. It does not allow taxpayer dollars to be used for paying down the Puerto Rican debt.  I held a hearing in February on the oversight board concept, and it was clear that it was needed and it was testified in favor of. I understand some reluctance in Puerto Rico, but let's get this ship righted. Once we get it righted, restaffed, and the sails full of wind, then Puerto Rico will have a chance.  I do support the multiple-step process. The bill combats the immediate crisis. It will help out Puerto Rico's ability to take and get credit. We need more long-term solutions, though, about the economic zones in Puerto Rico and how we improve the economy there so they can continue to grow.  I want to compliment Mr. Duffy's amendment, and I will support Mr. Duffy and his work on this legislation. I do believe a HUBZone is very necessary in the contracting program.  As I mentioned, I have been worked passionately on Puerto Rican issues on the floor of the House. Fifteen years ago, we had a vote about statehood. I passed it by one vote. I am a big supporter of statehood and always have been. It didn't occur. We didn't allow it.  Right now, this problem has to be addressed.  I again do compliment Mr. Bishop, Mr. Duffy, and members on that side of the aisle. Let's take our American people and Puerto Rico and give them the recognition that is necessary. Let's take and help them now so we can go forth.  