Mr. Chairman, my amendment is a relatively complicated amendment in the sense that a lot of people don't have any history of the Alaska National Lands Act.  My amendment prohibits the Director of the Fish and Wildlife Service from issuing a final ruling that would seize authority from the State of Alaska's Alaska Fish and Game to manage fish and game on all lands. That was under ANILCA.  My amendment also withdraws the existing National Park Service rule that interferes with State wildlife management authority under the National Preserve Lands of Alaska, agreed to by this Congress. The Alaska National Interest Land Conservation Act, ANILCA, passed by Congress, signed into law in 1980, protects the ability of the State of Alaska to manage wildlife across the State on State, private, and Federal lands.  As Alaska's lone Representative and someone who was intimately involved in the process of producing ANILCA, an agreement with my colleagues, it is my conclusion that the proposed rule set forth by the Fish and Wildlife Service and Park Service is in clear violation of Federal law.  The scope of the proposed Fish and Wildlife Service rule is enormous. There are 76.8 million acres of wildlife refuges in Alaska, an amount of land about the size of four Michigans, at least two or three Virginias, and on top of that there is 20 million acres of national preserves in Alaska, a total of 100 million acres in the State of Alaska.  But when that agreement was set out, we were to retain management of fish and game on all lands, and that is in the law. Very frankly, my colleagues, this is a regulatory overreach by this administration, promoted by this administration, breaking the law.  Now, the Fish and Wildlife Service asserts their actions are allowed by the National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act. However, as the original sponsor of that act, I can knowingly and affirmatively state that the Fish and Wildlife Service proposal goes beyond the original intent of my legislation that was passed by this House.  The National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act specifically states that ANILCA takes priority over any other conflicts regarding refuge lands in the State of Alaska. I find it somewhat concerning that the Fish and Wildlife would cite a law which forbids them from taking such actions and then say the justification is because of the law. It is not. This is a special interest pressuring group that says that Fish and Wildlife will take away the States' rights.  If you believe in States' rights, you will take and support this amendment that I am offering. If you believe in the Federal Government only, not the United States of America, the United States as the Federal Government, you will oppose this amendment.  I am asking my colleagues to think about what is occurring here: the overreach of this Federal Government that has taken away the rights of States and is continuing to try to do it.  I urge the passage of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.  