Mr. Chairman, I would suggest one thing to the gentlewoman; we are only talking about 49 families. This is small. I am not talking about all the other placer mining. This is, in fact, the Forty Mile Miners. I mean, they have been there forever.  Like I say, you can go there and it is like looking into a museum of 1859. And they are patented claims. It is their land. A lot of it is State land.  They are claiming it because it is placer mining. The BLM is claiming they have the authority to impose a reclamation system that does not work.  Did they consult? No.  I am just saying, keep in mind that we are not talking about corporations. We are not talking about large industry. We are talking about, very frankly, if you go up there--and I wish you would--you will find out they are a pretty good group of older Alaskans, some hippies. We still have a few of those left. And they are not making any money.  This is an occupation, but if they have to do what the BLM is suggesting they do--by the way, there are fish in that stream now, and it was mined in 1895. What they are asking, it will break them. They can't do it, and you will say good.  Well, that is taking people--this is a huge area, the total area. That, I am not arguing. I am just talking about this little Forty Mile group. So give them a break. Let them go out and make enough money to buy Saturday night party time.  I urge the passage of my amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Alaska has convinced me of one thing: I need to go back to Alaska, and I need to spend some time with you there.  I still oppose this amendment. The American taxpayer should not be accepting the burden of restoration costs to make sure that these waterways are reclaimed to how they should be.  I continue to oppose this amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young).  The amendment was agreed to.     Amendments En Bloc No. 2 Offered by Mr. Calvert of California  