Mr. Chairman, all I can say is that most people don't know what they are talking about. We follow the laws of the Congress. We should. I respectfully suggest that I am not suggesting the whole--and I am not supporting it right now--the Arctic Wildlife Range, I am talking about 100,000 acres of land that we set aside--the Congress. The Senate agreed to it. The conference agreed to it. And here we are trying to let a regulatory agency tell us how to manage it. That is inappropriate.  I listened to another gentleman on this floor today talking about overregulation of the EPA. That is what is wrong with this Nation today, is regulatory law allowing the executive branch to run this Nation without the people's voice being heard. That is what is happening here.  I respectfully urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on my amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I have had the opportunity to be up in this area, and this protected area encompasses a wide range of Arctic and sub-Arctic ecosystems. The native flora and fauna is magnificent. The refuge is incredible with its biological diversity.  I understand that the gentleman from Alaska feels strongly about this issue in a way that I feel differently about and that he has been an advocate for his State for decades, but on this important issue, we just simply disagree.  Lastly, I would be remiss if I didn't point out one more obvious truth. The President will not sign a bill loaded up with anti-environmental riders just like this one. We only make our path for this bill harder by including it. I hope my colleagues would join me in opposing it.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska will be postponed.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes.  Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Cleaver) for the purpose of a colloquy.  