I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, it always interests me when some people try to undo something that has already occurred legally.  Legally, these bears were taken under license of the Canadian Government. Legally, they should have been allowed to be imported. And then, Secretary Kempthorne listed the polar bear as a threatened species. They are not endangered. In fact, we have a study now that the polar bear population has increased, not decreased.  The point is, these are 41 hides that were shot legally by individual hunters under the auspices of the Canadian law with proper guiding facilities, proper taxidermy facilities, and these bears are dead.  By the way, as these dead bears come to the United States, they create money to take and help conserve the rest of the live bears. If I was out buying something or it was given to me and it was declared illegal later on, I can't keep it? This is silliness.  This is a good part of this bill. It rectifies something that was done legally for hunters that did their hunting legally. Now we are saying that for human purposes, for the protection of the polar bear, we are not going to allow those 41 hides to come back into the United States that were shot legally?  We are not going to collect the money we used to save polar bears from these legally shot bears. This is not about the future. And by the way, Fish and Wildlife sort of likes this program.  I am always amazed that somebody is going to save a species that is not endangered--in fact, is not threatened--because they are going to save dead bears from coming into the United States that were shot legally.  I oppose this amendment. It is a mischievous amendment.  This amendment was backed by the Humane Society. Of course they are going to support her amendment, but the fact is they were shot legally. They should be allowed to be brought back in the country, as they were shot under the Government of Canada's auspices.  So let's reject this amendment. Let's stick to the facts, not emotions.  