Mr. Chairman, I always admired my friend from California, who doesn't know squat about the Arctic Wildlife Refuge. That is the truth. He may have camped out in it, but he didn't camp out in the area which we would like to drill for oil, which this Congress set aside for that purpose.  By the way, we did pass opening ANWR 11 times. This Congress did it. And it got stopped in the Senate every time but one. Bill Clinton, bless his heart, vetoed it.  We have 18 billion barrels of oil--that is a minimum estimate--74 miles away from an existing pipeline on the coastal plain.  You say, well, we don't need the oil now. I heard that in 1960. We didn't need the oil, but it went all the way up to $4.50 for gasoline at the pump.  This is a reserve set aside by Scoop Jackson--a Democrat--myself, and Ted Stevens so it would be potentially there for development when Congress acts. You want to include this as a wilderness area in the bill on the behalf and behest of a group of people that really don't understand this.  You say Alaska supports your amendment? In that case, I won't be back here next year. Don't applaud. Don't keep that in mind. I have been running, now, longer than anybody in this House except for one other man. Apparently, Alaska does support this ANWR provision.  It is Federal oil. It is not our oil. We have infrastructure in place right now that can be used to move that oil if and when it is needed.  I am glad the gentleman said only the Congress can designate this, because your Fish and Wildlife Service recommended it all be wilderness--another act of this administration.  I happen to agree, very frankly, that the Congress will vote some day.  And, by the way, if you want to get rid of me, take a vote to open it up, and I might retire. But until that time, I am staying here, because it is right for this Nation.  I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. McClintock).  Mr. McCLINTOCK. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment would forbid development of one of the most promising and untapped oilfields in the world. I have to ask: How is the cause of American energy independence advanced by forbidding development of America's own vast energy resources? We are talking about reserves that are larger than the reserves in the entire nation of Mexico or Norway, whom we currently depend on for importing oil.  The gentleman from California is right: that land is owned by the American people. So is the oil under it. That means about $300 billion of revenues into the Federal Treasury. That is about $2,400 for every family in this country.  The proposed development of the Arctic oil requires about 2,000 acres out of 19 million acres of the wildlife reserve. That is one-one hundredth of 1 percent of that land area. That is how extreme this measure is.  It would sacrifice American prosperity. It would sacrifice oil reserves larger than those in all of Mexico. It would sacrifice revenues to the Treasury of $2,400 for every family to place off limits a tiny part of the frozen Arctic tundra.  If you want to know why our economy is stagnating, if you want to know why our country is going bankrupt, you need only look to measures like the amendment before us.  