Mr. Chairman, first, I would like to thank the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Chairman Shuster, and members of the staff for working so hard on this bill.  Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to address situations where community-owned levees and federally owned U.S. Army Corps of Engineers levees are hydraulically connected. These hydraulically connected levees are close enough to one another in the same water system and can have a huge impact on each other. So when a local flood protection system is in need of repairs, we cannot allow Federal inaction to stand in the way. Without action from the Corps, improvements to local levees have limited effect and are insufficient, making it difficult to achieve accreditation.  Why is this important? Not only does it put people and property in flood zones at risk, but it also increases costs for individuals and businesses in our communities, mandating flood insurance and classifying any development as ``high risk.''  I am seeing this in my district, where the City of Des Moines has been working with the Corps since 2011. I know my district is not alone. I see it in other districts as well.  Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to have local governments be hindered by Federal inaction, inaction on property the Federal Government took responsibility for years ago.  In the end, this amendment will establish a policy that will reduce and, ultimately, negate the negative impacts to community-owned flood protection system accreditation caused by the Army Corps of Engineers' failure to act.  I urge adoption of my amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment, I have got to say, we are not quite certain what it does. It seems to require the Corps of Engineers to take action for anything that relates to a Federal project which is a locally owned flood control.  I have no idea what the implications of this are. So my staff called the Corps and said: How many projects do you think this would affect, and what do you think the impacts would be? The Corps of Engineers said they had no idea.  I would like to address a question to the chairman.  Mr. Chairman, since the Corps has no idea what this amendment does, what the financial implications are, since it would seem to give the Federal Government liability for all these local projects that are anywhere downstream or related to a Federal project, could the chairman explain to me what this amendment will do, since the Corps can't?  I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster).  