It goes to the subject that we have spent some time on, on the floor earlier this year, which is the bailout of Mexico.  There is an article, a very interesting article from yesterday's Los Angeles Times. It says it more succinctly than I could.  Thus far, the United States has put up $20 billion of our taxpayer dollars through a rather secretive fund controlled by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury and Mexico has spent slightly more than $4 billion of the funds. There is some discussion, we heard certainly from Speaker Gingrich and Majority Leader Dole in the Senate who were avid supporters of the Mexico bailout who are not trying to sort of cover that up, but they were there, they signed on with the administration, the President and Robert Rubin. They were all together. This is again why people are cynical because they saw a Democratic President and a newly elected House Speaker and a newly elected majority leader, both Republicans, in the House and the Senate signing on to the same $40 billion bailout of Mexico.  Here is what the Los Angeles Times says about the first $4 billion of our money that has gone to this bailout:       Much of the money never left New York. It was paid out by      the Federal Reserve in New York, where it was used to redeem      the high profit bonds held primarily by major U.S.      institutions, Wall Street speculators, and wealthy Mexicans      who bought the securities largely through non-taxable      offshore corporations according to investment sources and      market analysts.  So here it is. We are supposedly saving our neighbors to the south in a gesture of good will and the money changes hands from our tax deposits with the Treasury and the Federal Reserve in New York directly into the bank vaults of the speculators and the wealthy investment banks in New York City. This kind of outrage is again part of what brings people to cynicism. At the same time as that is going on, we see in yesterday's Washington Post a little headline saying power to boost dollar doubted. Dollar hits a record low 3 days in row against the Japanese yen. We are basically heading to one dollar and one yen the way we are going here and the United States cannot do anything about it.  Why? In great part because we are too involved in attempting to prop up the failing government of Mexico and the crashing peso and as soon as we became associated dollar with peso like a Eurocurrency, the dollar started plummeting. This is a good part of the problem.  