Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, it is interesting, if you followed the debate, the discussion of the repeal of the War Powers Act, what we have here actually is a partial repeal of the War Powers Act without due deliberation.  The committees of jurisdiction, the Committee on International Relations, has held no hearings and has marked up no legislation; the Committee on National Security, which is vitally concerned, has held no hearings and has marked up no legislation. Yet before us suddenly springs full blown a proposal to partially repeal the War Powers Act and to substitute a shadow of the constitutional powers delegated to the Congress by the Constitution.  We would be better served if this were an absolute repeal. It would be cleaner, and it would not give anyone the impression that the role of Congress was ``the President shall in every possible instance,'' that is a pretty big loophole, ``consult with,'' does that mean, Congress, who are they? All 435? I am a member of Congress. Would I be consulted with? Would I have an opportunity to represent the people of my district? No. A few people could be selected; one person could be selected. What does it constitute? This is a shadow of the authority that was granted to the Congress by the Constitution.  I admit that the War Powers Act is, in fact, effective and at the end of my 5 minutes I will sketch out a fix. But to partially repeal it and instead impose a very weak, prior consultation loophole-ridden provision certainly gives solace to those who believe that the commander in chief, the president, is preeminent. Unfortunately, none of the Framers of the Constitution felt that was a very good idea.  If you would refer to James Madison's notes on the Federal Convention, he quotes:       Mr. Sharman thought it stood very well. The Executive      should be able to repel and not to commence war. ``Make''      better than ``declare,'' the latter narrowing the power to      much.       Mr. Gerry never expected to hear in the Republic a motion      to empower the executive alone to declare war.       Mr. Mason was against giving the power of war to the      Executive because not safely to be trusted with it; nor to      the Senate, because not so constructed as to be entitled to      it. He was for clogging rather than facilitating war; but      facilitating peace. He preferred ``declare'' to ``make.''.       On a motion to insert ``declare'' in place of ``make,'' it      was agreed to.  That is reserved to the United States Congress, as is the power to raise armies.  The gentleman, the esteemed gentleman from Illinois has pointed out, certainly we have the powers of the purse, but once you of deployed troops, secretly, after consultation with one or more Members of Congress, if the opportunity arose and it was convenient for the President, once those troops are on the ground, under hostile fire, is this Congress going to stand up and repeal the funds immediately? No. Member after Member will come to the well and say, we must stand with the Commander in Chief, we must stand behind those troops, no matter how ill-intentioned the initial deployment. This Congress is not going to have anymore guts to cut off the funds than it does to use the implementation of the act and to require that the President submit a report, which has not happened during my time in this Congress.  The key here is prior restraint before we get into   a shooting war, before we have had casualties, before emotions run high. Prior restraint was in the Senate version of the War Powers Act and, had we adopted the Senate version instead of the more watered-down House version, we would have an effective War Powers Act. We can fix the War Powers Act. We can require prior restraint and require consultation as the Framers of the Constitution intended.  It is no surprise that four former Presidents have said, ``Repeal the War Powers Act.'' Of course, every Executive, as the Framers of the Constitution pointed out, is wont to foreign adventures without the restraint of this body, without having to go through a torturous debate before the U.S. Congress on the passing of resolutions.  But remember, again, if we are to do this through the appropriations of the powers of the purse, if a President has gone forward and if the Congress, a majority of the elected representatives of the people should say,'' Let us restrain the President, let us bring the troops home,'' the President could veto that resolution and it would require a supermajority of the Congress to exert our constitutional role.  Under this act, if we adopt this amendment, this is not a repeal of the War Powers. If we adopt this amendment to the War Powers Act, future Congresses will require a two-thirds majority in order to restrain the President's war-making authority, certainly nothing that the Framers of the Constitution would have envisioned, nor endorsed.  There is a fix to War Powers. It is possible. Three modifications: a return to the concept of prior restraint, as was in the original Senate bill, defining in advance those uses of the armed forces in hostilities for which the President needs no prior authorization; a prohibition on any other use of the Armed Forces in hostile situations and on any of the permissible uses lasting longer than 60 days.  