Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, this is a troubling moment for the House of Representatives. I would say that 95 percent of this House believed that we were going to have the opportunity to vote on an actual resolution of disapproval for MFN for China because of their human rights record, because of their unfair trade practices, because of their acting in concert with nuclear terrorists and in violation of the nonproliferation treaty.  For a whole host of reasons, a large number of Members of the House wanted to vote on a straight up-or-down resolution of disapproval. That will not be allowed, Mr. Speaker. A deal was cut, we were not informed of this deal, it was not explicit in the rule, but a deal was cut. I found out about it this morning in a meeting over on the Senate side. They knew about it, but it certainly was not provided to Members of this body.  Now, Mr. Speaker, we are going to have to vote on a motion to table. Vote ``no'' on the motion to table. If Members want to vote up or down on MFN for China, if Members want to send something other than a meaningless message, they can paper it over all they want, but what did the resolution we just adopted do? Intensify diplomatic initiatives, for the 10th year in a row; a report from the President for the 10th year in a row about the abuse in China; but there is one new significant act, we are going to broadcast Radio-Free America into China, while they continue all the same unfair trade practices, the same repression of human rights, arresting of United States citizens, dealing with nuclear proliferation. That is all going to continue.  All they want is the money. They do not care what we say. They do not care about empty words and gestures. They understand one thing: money and power. Did appeasement work in Bosnia? Do Members think appeasement is going to work any better with the oligarchy, the gerontocracy that runs China? No. We are going to get one vote. Vote against the motion to table. That is the only vote we will get on MFN.  