There is no risk to the United States. In effect we are only a cosigner.''  Well, wait a minute. When I go to the bank to buy a car, they do not ask me to get a cosigner. When somebody with bad credit goes to the bank asking to buy a car, they want a cosigner. We are cosigners because we know Mexico does not have good credit. There is nothing underlying these massive loan guarantees except the full faith and credit of the U.S. Treasury, which is part and parcel the taxpayers of the United States of America, $40 billion at risk for the taxpayers of America. For what? So we can continue to encourage United States corporations to move manufacturing jobs to Mexico, so we can run a trade deficit with Mexico.  If we assume that Mexico can meet these obligations, we have to assume there will be a massive turnaround in their current accounts deficit. They had a $28 billion current account deficit this year. They say next year they will cut it in half. There is only one place they can get that. They are assuming by saying that they will be running a trade surplus with the United States of America of tens of billions of dollars in coming years, and we all know when you run a trade surplus with someone, you are profiting and your people are working. When you are running a deficit, you are exporting jobs.  We are about to enter into the same category, in fact we did in October, with Mexico as we have with every other one of our trading partners. That is, we are going into deficit, and we cannot keep on piling deficit upon deficit in our balance of international trade any more than we can the Federal Treasury.  It looks like with the balanced-budget amendment we are finally waking up to fiscal reality here in Washington, DC, with the domestic economy. But what about the foreign economy? How can we run a trade deficit and expect to have jobs and accumulate wealth and an increased standard of living? How can we run a trade deficit with Mexico and export our manufacturing jobs and expect to increase wages and better working conditions and have jobs for people here, and we are going to pay $40 billion for this privilege? It is outrageous.  