Chairman, I move to strike the last word.   Mr. Chairman, the thrust of this amendment is to bring about mandatory enforcement, and I do not find that as a shocking thing, or something that is undesirable or should not be part of this bill.  I do not believe anybody who is more than 25 or 30 years old in this country has any problem remembering the bad old days, the days when the Cuyahoga River was so polluted that it actually caught fire, the days when the Willamette River in Oregon, a State highly regarded for its environmental laws, was not fishable, swimmable, or drinkable, and, thanks to the Clean Water Act, and actual mandatory enforcement, those rivers have been substantially cleaned up.  But work remains to be done, and I do not see how those on the other side of the aisle who are diluting the standards which would be enforceable under this bill, and minimizing them, and moving significant areas of concern to voluntary compliance, would object for those few things that they leave to be mandatorily regulated, that to be the prospect of fines against polluters and higher fines against repeat polluters. There is due process for every violation. I am puzzled that the esteemed chairman would say there is not due process. It is there.  On the issue of fines, Mr. Chairman, what we would do here is level the playing field among competitors in an industry. For example, in my State, in my district, one of my paper mills has just spent $50 million, and that is a lot of money, to clean up its discharge into the Willamette River because downstream that same river is used for drinking water in addition to the fishing and other benefits, and they are [[Page H4850]] state-of-the-art, fully in compliance. Now should another mill, which has drug its feet thus far and is not in compliance with existing law, be allowed to continue in that vein and economically benefit? This amendment says no, that the fine would be commensurate at least to the economic benefits. So what we would do is level the playing field among members of an industry, between those who have acted in good faith as good citizens, good corporate citizens and good citizens of their community, and those who have not.  So I do not find it a radical proposal at all that we should have mandatory enforcement of those standards which do remain the bill which is before us today, and I rise in strong support.  