Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Traficant] for yielding this time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I am going to speak particularly to the Traficant amendment which will be before this body soon. The question that must be decided by this Congress:  Is one-tenth of 1 percent of the Coast Guard budget too much to prevent loss of life?  We heard already the actuarial statistics from the Coast Guard, cold numbers; that is, once in 12 years each of these 23 stations will experience a loss of life because of the closures. That means two lives per year. We are saving $2.6 million for two lives per year if we believe the Coast Guard estimate. The last time the Coast Guard closed these 2 life saving stations in my district five people drowned within a 2-month period, so maybe they are off by factor of two, or three, or five.  I say to my colleagues, however you look at it, if you use the most conservative estimates, we're going to say that there is not one-tenth of 1 percent of waste in the entire $2.7 billion operating budget of the U.S. Coast Guard? If that agency is run so well that there is not a penny of waste, then we should put them in charge of the Pentagon, we should put them in charge of HUD, we should put them in charge of all of the Federal Government of the United States of America. Is there anybody on this side of the aisle who believes there is any Federal operation, any Federal agency, that doesn't have one-tenth of 1 percent of savings they can't find if they look hard? That's what we are debating here, lives. We're going to lose lives; people are going to die. I can put names to the people who died in my district the last time we did this. Five people in 2 months, but they tell us, ``No, it will only be two people a year.'' Well, even if it's one person a year, I believe that this body will be making a mistake if it doesn't tell the Coast Guard to go back to the drawing boards, find that one-tenth of 1 percent of savings and fully fund these life saving stations.  