Chairman, the amendment before the committee would restore three words that were in the act as it passed out of committee. Those three simple words, which were struck yesterday by the so-called technical amendments and an unamendable amendment at the beginning of consideration, are very important because they would subject the Federal Government of the United States and Federal facilities to the same laws that apply to every State, to every private entity in America and every municipal entity in America.  Should we grant a broad exemption to Federal facilities in this bill from the Clean Water Act when private contractors, industry, municipal governments, county governments, sewer districts and others cannot get such broad exemptions? I think that for the sake of consistency, most Members of the House would argue no.  We are going to hear further that this exemption is warranted for national security purposes, because most of these facilities, these are nuclear Navy facilities, are essential to the defense of the United States. There is another section in the bill, and that section allows the President of the United States, by simple Executive order, to exempt any Federal facility or operation from all the requirements of this bill, but that would require a separate action.  I would argue that that would be the more consistent way to deal with these facilities. If some of them truly need an exemption from the Clean Water Act, I do not know what they are doing or what they are putting in the water that they need exemptions. But if they need exemptions so that they can put things in the water that industries and local governments are not allowed to put in the water, then they should ask the Commander in Chief for individual exemptions so there is at least some level of accountability and scrutiny applied.  There are 10 States directly affected by this amendment, and a total of 12 States when you consider downstream entities. Again, the question is what is it that is objected to by the Federal Government? What can the Federal Government not do? What are they putting in the water?  I think the people who live in or represent those 12 States should ask that question. I think their constituents are going to ask them that question in the future. What are they putting in the water that we will not allow industry to put in the water, that we will not allow local governments to put in the water? What is the Federal Government putting in my water it needs a blanket exemption under the act?  