Speaker, in bringing forward the largest budget of the Federal Government, the largest general fund discretionary expenditure of the Federal Government, under a restrictive rule we have got to ask what is the majority afraid of, why is it that they do not want to have the free interplay of the legislative process here on the floor of the House of Representatives? What is it they are trying to protect?  Well, Mr. Speaker, I say to my colleagues, you heard earlier from Mrs. Schroeder from Colorado, and you'll hear later from others, there are a number of things they want to protect. They want to protect the procurement process at the Pentagon. You know, it came out that they lost $15 billion in the procurement process over the last 10 years which they can't account for--simple bookkeeping errors. Do you think there is any other segment of the Federal Government where, if there was a $15 billion scandal, that we wouldn't be in full cry on the floor of the House, amendment after amendment, hearings, special investigations, special committees? But hey, the Pentagon just lost $15 billion. So they can't account for it--minor clerical error--and there will be no substantive amendments to overhaul the procurement process at the Pentagon in this bill. They will not be allowed for under this rule.  Then there is the little item of the Office of Support Aircraft. In a GAO report that Senator Grassley and I obtained it says that we are probably 50 to 75 percent overbuilt for administrative support aircraft; that is, we are at such a point where every one-star general at the Pentagon, every deputy junior assistant secretary, is taking a helicopter to go to Andrews Air Force base to get on their private jet planes and fly off to routine meetings at extraordinary costs to the Federal taxpayers. The estimates of GAO say we could save $200 million a year from this account and meet the legitimate defense and military requirements of this country. We spent $275,000 to send the Air Force Cadets to Hawaii. That is a scandal.  