Chairman, perhaps a little review of the debate over the adoption of NAFTA would be in order at this point.  There were many of us who stood on the floor and bitterly opposed the adoption of NAFTA, and one of the many points we made was that it was clear in the oligarchy that runs Mexico that they had artificially overvalued the peso in order to make them look a more attractive trading partner with more buying power.  Now, we were wrong. We were wrong. I admit it. We said the peso was overvalued by 25 percent. The markets say the peso is at least overvalued by 40 percent, probably more, except the United States intervened in a bailout to save it.  Now the free market would have found a value for the peso. This is free trade. Why do we not let free markets work? I suspect it is because of a whole heck of a lot of large investors on Wall Street. The 50 percent that are institutional, are not institutional, whichever it is, had billions of dollars on the line. They had only been making 40 and 50 percent interest.  I can understand that the taxpayers should bail them out. These poor investors, 40, 50 percent interest. All my constituents are accustomed to getting that return in their savings account, and if their savings alone went down, they would expect to get bailed out if they had been getting 40 or 50 percent. Get all their capital back. Right? Right? No. Did not happen here. Should not happen there.  We do not know who was invested in Mexico because Mexico will not tell us, and the United States government will not tell us. We are bailing them out with $20 billion of our taxpayers' money, and we are not entitled to get a list of the recipients.  The New York Times had a really interesting graphic. They showed the flow of the money. The money went from the U.S. Treasury in Washington to the Federal depository institution in New York, and it went from there to the brokerage houses in New York, and it went from there offshore to the Bahamas into tax-free accounts.  Who owns those tax-free accounts? Average Mexicans? Average Americans? People with their pension funds? No. Special interests, big investors, big-time Wall Street folks, international investors, and others. This is who we are bailing out.  Nothing has changed. We had a Republican   revolution. Nothing has changed. Nothing. Those same people are dictating the trade policy of this country, and when they could not jam a bill through the House of Representatives, even with the support of the Speaker of the House, they then pressured the administration and got them to cut a back room deal. And we still do not have the documents and the disclosure.  What else would we spend $20 billion on without a vote, without the documents, without the disclosure, without knowing who the beneficiaries are? I do not think there is anything else that could go through this House.  We spent hours debating the elevator operators' salary on this floor. $20 billion, colleagues. If you vote no on this amendment, there is one thing the people of your district will know. You have voted to endorse the back room deal, the bailout of Mexico.  A vote no on this amendment is a vote to send the dough to Mexico with no accountability on the part of this House or on the part of the administration and no accountability to the taxpayers. Just remember that.  If you vote yes, you are asking for accountability, and you are saying these sort of things should not happen without a vote of the elected representatives of the people.  We do not commit our taxpayers' funds to bail out big investors and foreign interests without the consent of the duly elected representatives of the United States, or we should not. Vote for this amendment. Vote no, and you are voting to endorse the bailout.  