Chairman, I want to go to an actual example, the bald eagle, one of the few successes we can point to under the Endangered Species Act.  The requirements in my part of the country were practical and simple. You had to leave one tree. You had to leave the nest tree. You could have 100 acres of land, but you had to leave one tree to recover the bald eagle. It has now recovered. That is a live and living symbol of the United States of America. I think it was worth saving the bald eagle.  The gentleman wants to save the textile symbol of the United States from desecration. That is the American flag. I want to save a living symbol, and that is the bald eagle. Under this legislation, we would have had to compensate every single person who saved one tree, one tree. Is that too much to ask?  I do not believe that is an unwarranted intrusion. Ten percent is an absurd threshold. Ten percent of any portion of your land, that is 1 tree out of 10, you get compensated. That is not right.  This is something that is taking the relief that is needed too far to hamstring and follow another agenda. This is the big developers' agenda. This is not going to help the little people of my district who have been having problems with the Federal Government.  This is going to take the developer who has a 10,000-acre development and is required to leave a little riparian strip, which in my State we have all agreed to do, but if he is required to do that under Federal aegis, it will be compensable action, even if the State law would have required and the Federal law would have required it.  Mr. Chairman, let me talk about the realities of appraisals. How do we get to 10 percent? We hire an appraiser. I tried to purchase a piece of property in my district with a willing seller. I got an appropriation to do it. The willing seller came up with an appraisal of $2.2 million.  [[Page H2510]] The Forest Service, the purchasing agent, came up with a price of $750. They were at loggerheads. Even though I could have saved this, I had an appropriation, I could not get an agreement.  I said ``How about we agree that the Forest Service and the owner choose another appraiser, and they will do that.'' They did that. Now we got a third appraisal. Do Members know what it was? $1.5 million. I had the owner with an appraiser at $2.2 million, I got the Forest Service with an appraiser at $600,000, and then we got the neutral appraiser at $1.5 million.  How are we going to say, under this bill, 10 percent variance in the value is compensable? All you have to do is hire two appraisers and the Federal Government has done nothing, and you are going to find a 10- or 20- or 30-percent variation. Therefore, I could just say because the Federal Government exists that I am compensated, because I have two appraisers that say ``Well, the Clean Air Act,'' no, that is not right, we have eliminated it from the Clean Air Act, but any other acts covered here make this a compensable action.  This goes too far. What this situation cries out for is reauthorization of the Clean Air Act, a reauthorization of the Endangered Species Act, with needed reforms and amendments.  It requires a rifle shot, not a 10-gauge shotgun filled with 00 buck. That is what we are doing here, blowing a hole through these laws so we will not even be able to save the bald eagle next time it is endangered, or some other bird.  That I think is a worthy thing. If we are going to save that symbol, let us save a living symbol.  