These are Americans who are not paying taxes on 50 percent interest earnings on failed Mexican bonds which have been propped up by working people's tax dollars, which brings up one other outrageous thing that went on this week. The issue of the billionaires, people amassing huge fortunes in the United States which if they were to dispose of it they would have to pay a capital gains tax on, 28 percent, that is about what your average working person pays or, under the new Republican proposal, 19 percent.  But in any case, a number of those people, and again this is a collusion between the Republicans and Democrats, unfortunately, from my own party between the administration. The Treasury has a list of how many of these billionaires and cente-millionaires have in the last year renounced their United States citizenship which means that they can expatriate all of their holdings and profits to Ireland or Costa Rica and not pay any United States taxes.  On the floor of the House we attempted several times to pass a simple piece of legislation that would have said before these people can expatriate the money, since they enjoyed the fruits of American citizenship, since they made that money as American citizens, since they made that money by employing Americans and selling things to Americans in this country, that they should pay a fair rate of taxes, at least the capital gains rate of 28 percent, before they expatriated and before they renounced their American citizenship. Amazingly, somehow the Republican party stood up and defended that practice.  It is alleged two former members of Congress have been hired by an investment firm out of New York to lobby this issue. How is it that you cannot get 435 people elected to represent citizens of the United States of America and the interests of the citizens of the United States of America to vote to say that people who want to renounce their citizenship, traitors to the United States of America, should not pay some minimum tax before they expatriate the hundreds of millions or billions they made operating businesses in this country? That was one of the most outrageous and one of the lowest points, there are many low points in the first hundred days, but that has to be the lowest because that kind of goes to the heart of everything.  Who do we really work for here? Do we work for the American people? Apparently a majority, since we were voted down by a large majority of Republicans and a few Democrats several times on this issue feel that multi-millionaires and billionaires no matter what their citizenship have a stronger call on their vote than the people who elected them. I think if people who elected the new majority knew about that vote they would be outraged.  