Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman yielding time to me. The issue is, you know, will we transfer a small amount of funds, $1.9 million, to the Office of Alternative Medicine. The director's office from which we would transfer this receives $3.5 million more than the President asked for. The Office of Alternative Medicine is receiving the same small amount of funds it got last year.  We are in kind of a catch-22. People say to me, well, Congressman, your idea is here, the ideas expressed by Mr. Moran are not clinically and scientifically proven, but we are not funding the Office of Alternative Medicine so we can conduct those scientific and clinical tests.  You know, the problem is many of these potential cures are nonpro- prietary. They are not going to be billion dollar drugs. Many of them are natural substances. Many of them have long been in use in other countries. They cannot be patented in the United States under current law. They are orphans.  So unless the Office of Alternative Medicine has the budget to research these substances, to do clinical tests, we are not going to move forward.  This is preventive medicine. It can save tremendous amounts of money. You can look at folic acid for heart attack prevention. A lot of documentation in other countries, some in this country, but no clinically scientifically proven tests, so doctors are prescribing other things that perhaps are not even as effective.  Degylcyrrhizinated licorice, tough word to say, for stomach problems, as opposed to tagamet and other proprietary drugs, not a lot enthusiasm out there for something that you can buy for $15 a month when you can prescribe something for $100 or $200 a month.  If we are going to save money, if we are going to have a healthier populous, we need to begin looking at some of these alternatives, and this small amount of money transferred over to the already existing Office of Alternative Medicine, doing nothing to impact the director's budget which will still exceed the President's request, would move this country forward tremendously, and it would meet the goals of all of us who want to see that Americans have the widest range of choices available to them when they or their loved ones have health problems.  