It was the reverse of that. Perhaps we can straighten that out later. I thank the gentleman.  The ranking member of the committee tells me that one of the appointees was a Republican, but was a Clinton appointee. So I stand partially corrected.  The point here is there is an issue of equity with the recent Santa Fe-Burlington Northern merger. The top seven executives of Burlington Northern got golden parachutes worth $35 million. That is an average of $5 million each. There were a few thousand employees, line employees, who worked for the same railroad for a lifetime. They got nothing. They did not even get a year's severance.  So there is a question of equity. This is an industry that enjoys an unusual degree of Federal regulation, a degree which actually deprives the collective bargaining rights of thousands of Americans who work for rail. They are denied the right to use the one most effective tool they have to get better wages and working conditions and contracts, including provisions in the contracts for severance. That is the right to go out and stay out on strike.  So if that law is to remain, then we must provide some balance and some equity, and the Whitfield amendment, despite all of what has been said on the floor here, is very modest. With the Whitfield amendment, if a small railroad purchases a line, lays off employees, get nothing, does not change anything. I think it should go further, and we should do something for them. But it does provide a year's severance when a midsized railroad purchases a rail line or merges with a smaller railroad, not a $35 million golden parachute, not $5 million each like the executives at Burlington Northern, but 1 year's severance for someone who has dedicated their life to a company and been a productive employee. I do not think that is too much to ask for line workers.  The bill preserves the Interstate Commerce Commission under a new name at the Department of Transportation. It preserves a number of the essential functions of the ICC. It is essentially a status quo bill. It is a modest solution. It really is.  This agency has the unique authority to break collective bargaining agreements. Balance is restored only by telling the agency that at least when midsized railroads are involved, they have to provide some sort of balance and equity for the restrictions that have been placed on those employees over the years, and that is one of severance for the employees who lose their jobs.  I would argue strongly that the Whitfield amendment is modest. It is an improvement to the bill. I personally would go much further. But it is a modest compromise that is the bare minimum needed to make this a bill acceptable, I believe, to a majority of the Members of this House.  