Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  I want to talk a little bit about something here, the advance agreement regarding the costs allowability of benefits due to the change of control, as defined in the various plans.  Did your eyes glaze over yet, colleagues? Well, that is the idea. They are trying to put Members to sleep here, because they are trying to pull a fast one on the American taxpayer. What that language means and what this agreement says is that the U.S. Government, its U.S. taxpayers, are going to give golden parachutes to executives of failing defense contractors.  Can you believe that? There is going to be a $92 million golden parachute to the directors of Martin Marietta.  Now, that might be OK if it was coming from the stockholders. But one-third of that money, $31 million, is coming from the U.S. taxpayer. Somehow it is in the interests of the defense of the United States, somehow it is in the interests of the taxpayers, that we should pay the directors of a failing corporation who have merged with another corporation a subsidy.  Lamar Alexander, Republican candidate for President of the United States, the guy in the flannel shirt, the ordinary guy, he is going to get $236,000 for merging these two companies together, $80,000 of that paid by the U.S. taxpayers.   I do not believe anybody thinks that is right. The president of the firm is going to get $9.2 million for merging his firm with another, putting 30,000 skilled Americans out of work, who do not get so much as a thank you or a golden watch, let alone a golden parachute. One-third of his bonus for doing this, $3 million, will be paid by the Department of Defense, by the taxpayers of the United States of America, unless this motion to recommit is approved.  Now, everything goes on around here with a wink and a nod. This language was approved unanimously by the House of Representatives, and now they are trying to pull it out.  Mr. Speaker, vote ``aye'' on the motion to recommit.  