  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the conference report.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today, just a few short days before Christmas and during the observance of Hanukkah, to denounce the welfare reform conference report as antifamily, antichildren, and the most dramatic illustration of the cruel agenda of the House Republicans.  In this time of giving and caring, of family togetherness, it is simply unconscionable that we are considering legislation that will ultimately deprive children, the elderly, and low income families in this country of the most basic human needs--food, healthcare, and protection from abuse. What has happened to this country's priorities? Last month, Congress approved a $245 billion tax cut that primarily benefits wealthy Americans and profitable corporations. Just last week Congress passed legislation authorizing $260 billion in defense spending, including funds for more B-2 bombers, at $2 billion each, which the Pentagon does not want. Today the House authorized $28 billion for intelligence operations.  I am unalterably opposed to this irresponsible welfare reform proposal. The plan punishes our country's poor families and children while doing nothing to move them off welfare and into family-wage jobs. The conference report pretends that if we punish the poor, the problem of welfare dependency will somehow go away. The conference report reduces funding for education and job training and provides insufficient funding for child care--the very tools that enable people to leave welfare and become self-sufficient.  In a nation facing unemployment rates of 5.6 percent, this legislation will not prepare welfare recipients for family-wage jobs and self-sufficiency. Instead, it sets an arbitrary time limit of anywhere from 2 to 5 years in which people who have been given no opportunity to succeed are permanently barred from assistance. Welfare needs reform, but we must give individuals real opportunities for success.  The Republican leadership argues that welfare eats up our entire Federal budget. In fact, we spend 1 percent of our total budget on Aid to Families With Dependent Children--$16 billion. That's about the same amount the Republican leadership proposes to spend on foreign aid. By conservative estimates, we will spend about $570 billion over the next 5 years on corporate welfare for large profitable corporations, many of which are foreign owned. In contrast, the welfare reform conference report will cut anywhere between $60 and $80 billion over the next 7 years in a variety of public welfare programs--we don't know exactly how much, because we haven't been able to see the final report.  We do know who will feel the burden of these cuts. It is our Nation's children, Mr. Speaker. In the United States in 1992 children made up 67 percent of all welfare recipients. That year, slightly more than 9 million children received cash assistance from Aid to Families with Dependent Children [AFDC]. It is these children who will face the terrible consequences if this bill is enacted. What will happen to these children if their parents are denied assistance? Will America look more like Calcutta in 7 years? Is that what Americans want.  We have heard that if families are forced off welfare, they will still have access to healthcare and food stamps. However, the conference report eliminates the current guarantee of Medicaid coverage for AFDC recipients, as well as children receiving foster care and adoption assistance. In addition, nearly half of the cuts in this bill come from the Food Stamp Program. Republicans have been assuring us all along that they're maintaining the basic noncash safety net for children of food stamps and Medicaid. Now we see the reality behind the rhetoric. This is a mean-spirited attack on the poor which will increase child hunger and deny children access to health care.  I would like to close with some passages from that cherished Christmas story, ``A Christmas Carol,'' as spoken by the character, Ebenezer Scrooge:       Are there no prisons, no workhouses? . . . I can't afford      to make idle people merry. I help to support these      establishments and they cost enough and those who are badly      off must go there . . . It is enough for a man to understand      his own business and not interfere with other people's.  Sound familiar, Mr. Speaker? You have heard almost identical statements from the Republicans throughout the past year. All ends well in this story of Christmas past and Scrooge mends his ways. I call on my colleagues to follow this example and reject this mean-spirited legislation for the sake of our Nation's children.  