Speaker, I stand in support of the resolution regarding sending United States troops to the former Yugoslavia. The language makes a simple statement: no United States ground forces should be employed in Bosnia to enforce a future peace agreement until the Congress has approved such a deployment, nor should United States negotiators assume that United States forces will be committed. The constitutional principle is simple and sound: before the Nation commits its young men and women into foreign military adventures, Congress must act to authorize their presence.  I am appalled by the destruction and loss of life that has taken place over the past several years in the former Yugoslavia. Tens of thousands of people have been killed in the fighting and more than a million made homeless.  There are no easy answers to the bitter ethnic divisions in the region. As with any negotiating process, no solution will prove effective until the various military factions stand ready for a peaceful solution. It is my sincere hope that recent developments will move all sides in the conflict to a lasting ceasefire and eventual peace. I support U.S. efforts in facilitating the negotiations toward this goal.  However, I remain skeptical about the use of U.S. troops to enforce a peaceful solution in a conflict that has been raging for well over 700 years. We have seen all too often how placing U.S. soldiers into a conflict--even with the best of intentions--can easily become a nightmare for our country. Just as important, United States military presence in Bosnia could become merely a target for both sides to vent their anger.  Although I welcome and support this resolution, it is my hope that Congress will take a more universal approach to its constitutional role. For more than 40 years, Congress has allowed the Executive to continuously broaden its authority to put U.S. troops into harm's way. Congress' exclusive constitutional authority to initiate war is routinely ignored by Congress and Presidents alike.  Unfortunately, the current War Powers Resolution implicitly grants broad authority to the President to engage in wars of any size without advance congressional authorization. It requires the President to come to Congress only after he has put the prestige of our Nation and the lives of its soldiers on the line.  I have introduced a joint resolution (H.J. Res. 95) that seeks to reform the War Powers Resolution. The House of Representatives to address the balance of presidential and congressional authority to make war. Indeed, the Constitution demands the collective judgment of the President and Congress on the grave question of war. The time is ripe for a congressional debate on the need to restore the balance of powers between the Executive and Legislature as envisioned by the Framers of the Constitution.  