 I think the gentlewoman from Idaho has raised an excellent question. The Bank for International Settlements, what is the United States' obligation to that bank at this point in time? How is it we came so recently to be represented on the board of directors by Alan Greenspan and the chairman of the New York Fed?  What commitments has the United States made of either funds that are be channeled through the Federal Reserve Board in secret, or more overt agreements or obligations of the Federal treasury? How much do we have at risk here?  I think these are excellent questions that need to be answered.  You know, there is this wisdom that somehow we have to allow the Federal Reserve to operate in secret because it is the only way to give them political independence. The Bundesbank in Germany is I think the most highly regarded central bank in the world, and they are required to conduct all their deliberations, negotiations, discussions and votes in public. But yet our Federal Reserve somehow is the only agency of the Federal Government, more powerful than the Congress and the President combined in terms of the economic future of this country today, in terms of whether or not we bail out Mexico or raise interest rates again to fight inflation that no one else sees except for Alan Greenspan and a few other inflation warriors at the Federal Reserve, they do all this in secrecy. They change the policies to say they think 4 percent unemployment is too low and they would rather have 6 percent, because otherwise wages might go up a little bit and working people might earn more in this country and that might start an inflationary trend. At the same time they are tying us to international agreements and institutions which are diminishing the role of U.S. labor.  So on the face of it their arguments are not even consistent. But they do not have to account to anyone. They do not have to answer questions if we call down there.  My staff called down today to ask about conflicts of interest by members of the Federal Reserve Board. Do any members of the Federal Reserve Board represent regional banks which are heavily invested in Mexico, and have they disclosed that fact, have they recused themselves from voting as they apportion funds to bail out Mexico? No, we are not allowed to know the answer to that question.  So what is this body we have created, that is so much beyond the public and the elected representatives of the people? Its role in this bailout is just extraordinary.  