Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, there has been a lot of arcane debate in the last hour and a half over BMD and TMD and compliance with treaties.  Let us bring the debate back down to Earth for a few minutes. Let us bring the debate back to Earth for a few minutes here and confront some bitter realities.  Yesterday during the debate on the rule, the esteemed gentleman from New York, Mr. Solomon, said how it used to be a scandal, referred to the bad old days of equipment shortages and days even when members of the military were forced to be on food stamps. Well, unfortunately we have not banished those bad old days. There are an estimated 8,000 to 15,000 families, no one really knows, currently receiving food stamps who are active duty, full-time members of the military.  Now, the committee recognized this was a problem, but the committee only put up one-quarter of the money that was estimated that was needed to take care of this problem. And what I am saying is, we need to get our priorities straight. Do we need a further increase in ballistic missile defense beyond that asked for by the president? The president asked for a 1-year increase, inflation adjusted, of more than 1 percent in ballistic missile defense and fully funded all the requests of the Pentagon for theater missile defense. The committee has gone in and micromanaged the theater missile defense, added more money to ballistic missile defense. And yet after they add $628 million there, they can only find one-quarter of the funds they need to get our young men and women and their families, people serving today full time, enlisted in the military, off of food stamps. That is a scandal.  Let me read briefly from the National Military Family Association, a letter they sent to me. [[Page H5952]]   ``The system has become unfair to all military families but to those at the lower end of the income scale it can be devastating. The National Military Family Association is fully aware that the costs of creating a VHA minimum floor,'' that is a housing allowance, ``are not inconsequential. What price, however, do we put on a family's safety? How can we ask young service members to deploy at a moment's notice when they know their family will be left to fend for themselves in a run-down trailer park with a history of break-ins and robberies?''  The Pentagon itself, officials are deeply troubled by an increasing number of military families turning to food stamps.  