  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of the legislation which would restrict deployment of United States troops to the former Yugoslavia pending congressional approval.  The language establishes an important requirement: no United States ground forces should be employed in Bosnia to enforce a future peace agreement until the Congress has approved such a deployment. This would give an important and necessary opportunity for Congress to debate introduction of United States troops to former Yugoslavia. Equally important, it articulates a clear decision by Congress to exercise its constitutional duty with regards to war.  However, I strongly object to the short time allocated for its debate. A constitutional question as important as whether Congress approves sending U.S. troops into harms way should receive more than a few hours of consideration. This congressional debate should not be construed as representing an adequate consideration before sending United States forces to the Bosnian--or any other--conflict.  For more than 40 years, Congress has allowed the executive to continuously broaden its authority to put U.S. troops into harm's way. Congress' exclusive constitutional authority to initiate war is routinely ignored by Congress and Presidents alike.  Unfortunately, the current War Powers Resolution implicitly grants broad authority to the President to engage in wars of any size without advance congressional authorization. It requires the President to come to Congress only after he has put the prestige of our Nation and the lives of its soldiers on the line.  I have introduced a joint resolution (H. J. Res. 95) that seeks to reform the War Powers Resolution. The House of Representatives to address the balance of Presidential and congressional authority to make war. Indeed, the Constitution demands the collective judgment of the President and Congress on the grave question of war. The time is ripe for a congressional debate on the need to restore the balance of powers between the executive and legislature as envisioned by the Framers of the Constitution.  I welcome and support this legislation. However, it is my hope that Congress will spend more fully debate this issue and adopt a more effective War Powers Resolution.  