Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, Harry Truman used to say, in an earlier and perhaps better era here in D.C., ``The buck stops here.'' In today's Washington, D.C. your buck barely gets a chance to wipe its feet before it is back out the door in the form of some new Federal spending.  Without the fiscal discipline of a balanced budget amendment, I doubt this Congress will be able to make the tough choices that are required, no matter what party is in charge. It is time to quit passing the buck, or in this case, the debt, to future generations and put our fiscal house in order.  The national debt is nearly 5 times higher today than it was when Ronald Reagan became President in 1981. That is a disgraceful bipartisan legacy of irresponsible spending and tax giveaways.  The total debt of the Federal Government totals more than $4.6 trillion, $16,000 for every man, woman and child in America. Interest alone will total more than $225 billion this year. That is 10 times more than all the funds spent by the Federal Government on all education programs and assistance this year.  Some oppose the balanced budget amendment over genuine concern for the fate of Social Security, child nutrition, education funding, or other meritorious programs. An honest assessment of those programs shows us they have not done well during this decade of spend and debt. We accumulated $4 trillion of debt, but there is not a penny in the Social Security Trust Fund. It is full of IOUs. How are we going to cash those IOUs in when we need them?  Twenty percent of Oregon's children live in poverty. Many go to bed hungry every night. We know of the shortfall in education funding. It is time to get our priorities straight, make some tough decisions. As we make those tough choices, I am confident these programs, the programs I care about, will do better than they did during the spendthrift decade.  My home State of Oregon has a balanced budget amendment, as do most other States. Every local government in Oregon is required to balance its books every year, as does every responsible family. The Federal Government can do the same.  