Chairman, during the Traficant amendment, the issue was raised that we should not ask the Coast Guard to go back to the well; they could not find the few million dollars necessary to keep those 23 small boat lifesaving stations open. As I pointed out, it is one-tenth of 1 percent of the budget.  But since we did not want to mandate that the Coast Guard return to their budget and apply a magnifying glass, I decided, if the Traficant amendment failed, to offer one of my own and help them out.  I referred to a report of the Government, of the Department of Transportation and the Office of the Inspector General, and in regard tot he transportation activities of the U.S. Coast Guard, in particular, my amendment goes to one part of those transportation activities; that is, the private jet of the Commandant of the Coast Guard of the United States.  For the last year for which they have figures, the private jet utilized by the Commandant of the Coast Guard of the United States and others cost the Coast Guard $3,363,263, more money than is necessary to keep those 23 small boat life-saving stations open.  So the decision before this Congress is: Should we maintain a private jet which has been utilized by the Secretary of the Department of Transportation? He also has private jets in other parts of his budget and can also utilize the private jets at Andrews Air Force Base, and the Commandant of the Coast Guard, who used it about half the time, vice commandant, area commanders, other Coast Guard personnel, and surprise, surprise, Members of the U.S. Congress utilized the private jet of the Commandant, of the Coast Guard for an estimated $323,385 last year.  So is it better that we spend $323,385 ferrying Members of Congress around in the Commandant's private jet, or we save people who are drowing off the coast of Michigan and the Great Lakes and off the coast of Massachusetts and New Jersey?  I think that in these days where we are asking people to cut to the bone, and in these days when Congress is cutting back on its privileges, how can it justify a private jet which is used for Members of Congress, other people, and about half the time for the Commandant of the Coast Guard?  I, as one Member of Congress, would be quite willing to pony up a bunch of my frequent flier miles so the commandant would never have to fly in coach. He could always fly first class. Now, I am sure it is not going to be the same as a private jet. If there was an emergency and he needed a private jet, he could go to Andrews Air Force Base, where they maintain about 40 private jets for bigwigs in the military, and I am certain they would let him use one.  So why do we have private jets in the Coast Guard, private jets in the Highway Department, private jets in other agencies of the Federal Government, and then a whole bunch of private jets in the military? If we are going to keep private jets to ferry around Members of Congress and other bigwigs, let us get more efficient, put them all in one place. Let us operate them all out of Andrews Air Force Base.  This amendment is very simple. It would say the Secretary of Transportation would have to decide what is more important to the lifesaving mission of the Coast Guard: a private jet for the Commandant of the Coast Guard of the United States, others, including Members of Congress, or the 23 small boat lifesaving stations?  I think that many Members would join me in determining that in times where we have to cut back, we should make the cuts in the areas where it hurts least, and I think cutting private jets for Members of Congress and the Commandant of the Coast Guard would be, in this case, by most Americans considered to be a better cut than cutting 23 small boat lifesaving stations.  I do not believe that a person treading cold water off Nantucket Island or in the northern part of the Great Lakes or off the Oregon coast should have to wait 40 minutes to an hour for a Coast Guard rescue. I would rather the brass in the Coast Guard and Members of Congress waited 40 minutes for a commercial jet at National Airport.  Again I would be happy to contribute some of my mileage upgrades so none of those people will have to fly in coach.  