Speaker, if the gentlewoman would yield for just a moment, I would just like to go back to a point that came up during the press conference, and I noticed that the gentlewoman was a bit beleaguered by a reporter from her district who did not seem to understand the difference between a net trade balance and shipping a few cars to Mexico, and he would point to the representation of 2\1/2\ cars going to Mexico and say, ``Well, look, that's an increase from one and a half cars symbolized there going to Mexico. That means we send another 10,000 cars to Mexico.'' Unfortunately he was totally ignoring the other side of the ledger which showed another--I believe it is 200,000 cars coming from Mexico to the United States.  So, what this means is the United States actually entered into a deficit, a trade deficit, with Mexico for the first time in recent history of $81 million in October, and that is just the beginning. We are going to run trade deficits with Mexico.  Now I come from Oregon, and everybody says Oregon is a free-trade State, and, by gosh, we benefit from trade.  Well I met with Dr. Charles McMillan, Ph.D., contributor to the Harvard Business Review and scholar, a member of the Clinton transition team, to talk about trade issues yesterday. He said, ``Isn't it interesting?'' He said, ``In the GATT debate and the NAFTA debate we heard how every State is running a surplus and benefits from trade, but somehow the United States of America is running a $160 billion trade deficit,'' and in fact he recalculated those numbers and found out that my home State of Oregon is a net loser in trade, as is virtually every other State in the Union, and for Mr. Clinton's State, big-time losses. Thousands of jobs from his State have been shipped overseas in the last year.  Now these are points we have to make because my colleagues will read the headline. It said, ``Detroit Thrilled.'' They shipped 10,000 more cars to Mexico. It does not say Detroit really thrilled, they built 250,000 more cars in Mexico and shipped them here with dollar-an-hour labor. That is what the headline should be, but the press will not run that headline. They only run the one that comes out of the boardroom.  