Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. Were it so that this bill has been scrubbed so clean. It seems out of a number of earmarks, that it would have been chosen for some reason. Now, was this particular earmark chosen to be eliminated because it lacks merit? I think not.  What we are talking about here goes to some of the essential themes before this Congress. It is about health care in America. It is about providing more efficient health care. It is about saving lives for fewer dollars. That is what this project would do.  I represent a district that is the 45th largest district in the U.S. Congress. Many people in my district live a couple hours away from the nearest hospital. We have a lot of rural clinics. Those rural clinics will be tied in by this system, which is developing a model for rural medicine across America, so that when Blue River, OR, has a nurse-practitioner and there is a serious accident and they take the x ray, they can get real-time consultation with experts up in Portland and decide whether or not we have to dispatch a helicopter, a very expensive helicopter, on a mercy flight, or whether that person can be stabilized and transported an hour by ambulance to the nearest hospital.  Those are the sorts of decisions that will be made in an informed manner with this system. It is a system not just for the State of Oregon. Oregon is going to be the model, and it is going to set the template for the rest of the Nation, a way to provide rural health care in this country and meet our fiscal constraints.  So it is not that this program lacks merit. I would wonder what are the merits of the Florida State University earmark, the Southern earmark, the University of Vermont earmark, the earmark for A&M College Systems in Baton Rouge, LA. I think there is an important person representing that area, lives down that way. The University of Florida solar program. These are all earmarks that are still in the bill. This is not a clean bill that suddenly has achieved great virtue, although the chairman would have us believe that.  A couple of things have been chosen, for whatever reason, to be eliminated. I guess the question is, should this remain in on its merits? It saves money. Ultimately, it will save tens of millions, hundreds of millions of dollars across the country, for rural Oregonians and rural Americans. It will save lives.  The most outrageous thing about this amendment is this was funded previously. The program was begun on September 15. Funds have already been committed, people have been hired. The software is being written, the technology is contracted for. And now we are going to cut it off in midstream, because we are saying that the Senator from Oregon, Mark Hatfield, somehow no one knew what the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations was doing, that he snuck this in in the dark of the night. As Members heard from the former chairman of the committee, Portland State, the Oregon Health Sciences Center came forward with information last year.  