Chairman, I yield myself 2\1/2\ minutes.  Mr. Chairman, the issue before us is the issue of Selective Service, a vestigial bureaucracy of the cold war. The subcommittee in its wisdom eliminated funding for the Selective Service, reduced it by $17 million, with the idea that the agency itself would be eliminated.  My amendment would reduce the funding by $17 million, but put the agency into deep standby; that is, give it an opportunity to enter into the late 20th century and develop off-the-shelf technology in case of the remote happenstance of a conscription in a national emergency, that they could go forward, but not continue the postcard registration that is in effect today.  Mr. Chairman, from the beginning there has been no military necessity for Selective Service and the registration, the roster report. Jimmy Carter's 1979 Director of Selective Service found that 8 to 10 days could be saved by registration, but that because of the bottleneck at the training facilities, not one troop would be delivered one day sooner to the battlefield, and of course that day would not cutback very much on training.  In the Department of Defense a 1993 report found that there was no military necessity for continuing draft registration. This is an opportunity to save $17 million over the outyears, that is $102 million in our 7-year objective to balance the budget, which I support.  For this year, we would move $17 million into the underfunded VA medical account. We would also eliminate an unfunded mandate. It is an unfunded mandate, because every university in every jurisdiction that administers a college or student loan program is required to determine whether or not those students have registered for the draft and are currently registered for the draft and whether their address is current.  So we have an opportunity to eliminate a bureaucracy which has no national security purpose and to save funds. This is a great opportunity for this House to go on record, as the House did 2 years ago for 1 month, until we ceded to the Senate, that this is a bureaucracy whose time has passed. We can save money and remove the burden of draft registration from our young people.  Mr. Chairman, patriotism does not come in a postcard, unless you have some bizarre Publisher's Clearing House view of what constitutes patriotism and Selective Service. This is the postcard every young man between 18 and 25 must fill out every time they move.  It is time to do away with this bureaucracy and cede to the economic realities.  