Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, if it is the objective of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Shays] to know the cost of the legislation, and not have any unintended effects, I believe he will have an opportunity later during the consideration of this bill to vote on the Moran bill which passed out of committee in the last Congress, which in fact does that without complications. It will be offered as a substitute.  Another gentleman rose earlier, Mr. Chairman, to talk about his experience in local government. I was a county commissioner in the early 1980's. There are a couple of ways to put burdens on local government.  One is unfunded mandates, and I believe we should address that problem. The second is to jerk funds out from underneath counties and local governments, which was done by President Reagan and the Congress when they killed revenue sharing and used the money for Star Wars.  We have to look out for both of those things. We have to get our priorities straight around here. Where is the money better spent?  Mr. Chairman, beyond that, during this last week I have heard a lot said about book deals here on the floor. However, if we fail to pass this amendment, Mr. Chairman, we are taking a page out of another book, a book by Dickens. We will be turning back the clock to an earlier and dark time when children were exploited and oppressed for their labor.  I know it is certainly not and could not be the objective of the authors of this bill to turn back the laws to the days of abuse of child labor or the days of Sinclair Lewis and The Jungle, with unsafe and unsanitary workplaces, or finally to prevent the imposition of a Federal minimum wage, where the various States, if we saw this new vision, could perhaps engage in a bidding war. Perhaps we could drive down wages to the level of Mexico, and then we would no longer have to fear the loss of our jobs under the NAFTA agreement.  Child labor, unsafe and unsantiary workplaces, sweatshops, subpoverty [[Page H522]] wages, those certainly could not be the objectives of the authors of this bill. I would urge them, Mr. Chairman, since that is not their objective, to adopt this amendment.  