  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Dornan proposal.  Mr. Speaker, I stand in reluctant opposition to the legislation by the gentleman from California [Mr. Dornan] to cut off funding for United States armed forces already on the ground in the territory of the former Yugoslavia.  The basic problem is this: the President has already placed United States troops on the ground in Bosnia. That is a fact, though I maintain that he had no proper constitutional authority to do so without advance congressional authorization. But despite my opposition to this policy, I believe we owe those troops our support and our blessing. Therefore, in this instance, I will reluctantly oppose Mr. Dornan's resolution and support the resolution offered by Mr. Buyer which once again expresses our disapproval of the President's policy, but stands behind the well-being and safety of our young men and women in the Armed Forces.  The sorry chain of events leading up to this vote only serves to underscore the need to revamp the legal relationship between the White House and Congress in matters of war and peace. I've introduced legislation to reassert Congress' constitutional authority to place troops into war or warlike situations. The key to my legislation is a binding requirement for prior congressional authorization for the use of U.S. forces in hostilities except in those cases where the President must act to protect the United States, its troops, citizens, or territories abroad. Until we in Congress act to reaffirm our prerogatives, we will find ourselves faced with this kind of Hobson's choice again and again.  Frankly, I do not believe this peace accord will succeed in the long run, though I pray it will at least stop the blood letting for awhile. We are dealing here with an ethnic and religious war that is hundreds of years old. The best intentions of the Western powers are not likely to cool the flames of hatred in the region.  Furthermore, our Nation should not assume the lion's share of the financial burden and military risk in this attempt to bring peace to the former Yugoslavia. For more than 40 years, the United States has provided for the security of Europe. We have spent as much as $100 billion each year to protect the European democracies from the threats posed by the Soviet Union and its Warsaw Pact allies. It's time for the European community to own up to its responsibilities and take up its share of the burden.  