That is, why not have the schools make direct loans to the students, take out the banks as middle persons. The banks have been getting very high rates of interest for loans that have no risk. The idea is you get interest because of risk. The president of the University of Oregon at the time came, did calculations and he said that for the same amount of Federal money we could give another 600,000 students full entitlement to student loans if we just took the banks and the bank profits out. The Federal Government lends the money through the schools and, you know, the Federal Government knows how to collect money. They know where everybody is.  So I am not worried about defaults. But do you know what, the Republican budget wants to do away with direct student loans and put the banks back in the middle. That means take away the loans of 600,000 students so that the banks can make a guaranteed profit on a risk-free loan backed by the Federal Government.  That is just one more form of corporate welfare,   and that I think segues us back into what is a better vision for a balanced budget. And I would just like to, I have to leave the floor; if I could just lay out a couple thoughts and then I will yield to the gentleman.  The idea that we have talked about earlier which is that the largest, most profitable corporations are not carrying their fair share, that foreign corporations are virtually paying no taxes in this country, that the largest gold mining operations in the United States on public lands are foreign owned and paying no taxes to the United States of America. There are estimates that there is $150 to $200 billion a year, credible estimates that come from the far right, the Cato Institute, to the Progressive Policy Institute that say there is about $150 to $200 billion a year of corporate welfare out there. And if we went after just a fraction of that, we would not have to see any of these cuts in order to get to a balanced budget. Just a fraction of those revenues linked to reductions in military spending would move us dramatically in the direction we need to go.  