Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this goes to the ultimate commitment of $700 million of Federal taxpayer money. The Committee on Appropriations in its wisdom saw fit to add $5 million to the administration's request on the Animas-La Plata project. The administration asked to continue studies and planning for the Animas-La Plata project, a potential $701 million Federal obligation. The committee has added $5 million to actually begin construction, that is, make an irrevocable commitment to go forward.  I would suggest that this is poor timing. We have a report from the inspector general of the Department of Interior dated July 1994 which finds that this project is not economically justified. Further, the report of the inspector general says,       Inform the Congress of the economic and financial viability      of the Animas-La Plate project based on the results of the      reevaluation. If warranted, the commissioner should seek      congressional approval for restructuring the project to limit      the size and scope of the project to only those water supply      functions that are either economically or financially viable      or required under the terms of the Colorado Ute Indian Water      Right Settlement Act.  Mr. Chairman, that report has been prepared. We know the numbers. It is being concealed downtown, withheld, by the Clinton administration. They have twice withheld release of this report, delayed release of this report, and were prepared to release it this week, but are now going to withhold until after we take this vote.  The last evaluation said that this had a cost-benefit ratio of 0.6 to 1, colleagues--$701 million of Federal money, and we will get back a return of 0.6. According to the rules of the Department of Interior, Bureau of Reclamation, the project should not go forward.  On a per acre cost, the irrigation will be $7,664 per acre, and the repayment will be $303. We would be better to buy out those irrigators or to give them half that amount of money, rather than spending all of this Federal money.  This is a project born in a very different time: Cheap power, cheap water subsidies to agriculture, limitless Federal resources. It was first authorized in 1968. Times have changed, and so should this project.  If we appropriate this additional $5 million and make an irrevocable commitment, begin to turn dirt, you all know how difficult it will be next year to revisit this after we get the new report from the Department of Interior, which is rumored to have lowered the cost-benefit ratio from 0.6 to 1 to 0.36 to 1. That is 36 cents on the dollar returned, in the most generous terms, to the Federal taxpayers for this project.  We should take out this $5 million. It will not kill the project, and it allows continued planning and evaluation and allows us to look for cheaper alternatives. There will still be $5 million in the bill for the project. But then we will have the benefit of the report from the inspector general, the new cost-benefit analysis, and perhaps have an opportunity to review less costly alternatives next year before we make this irrevocable commitment.  It does not make sense to go forward now and commit this Congress and the taxpayers of this country to a $701 million project, when less expensive alternatives are available and when this does not provide a position cost-benefit analysis to the American taxpayers.  Beyond that, it is particularly outrageous to go forward, when the Clinton administration is concealing a very, very negative report downtown, and they are going to release it just after we vote. If you vote to keep these funds in the bill, you will be very embarrassed next week when they finally release that report and show the benefit to be 0.36 to 1, 36 cents on the dollar to the Federal taxpayers.  Mr. McINNIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  