Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment and would respond to the previous speaker before me on the floor. The gentleman finds that somehow by substituting the exact wording of the fourth amendment to the Constitution, wording which the Supreme Court in its wisdom has interpreted and finds allows exceptions in cases of good faith with searches which involve warrants, the gentleman feels that by restating the fourth amendment that somehow we would overturn that judgment of the Supreme Court. That is an absurd argument.  The Supreme Court has rendered an opinion on these words previously and the Supreme Court has found a limited good faith exception in cases where warrants exist.  But what the other side would do here today is trash the fourth amendment to the Constitution by saying, no, even though the courts have not found exceptions in cases where there are warrantless searches, we feel that should happen. Or one gentleman mentioned some lower courts have found in some limited cases that warrantless searches might be acceptable. We have already talked at great length on this floor about where exceptions exist and have great precedent, and apparently there are perhaps some others coming up through the court. Let the Supreme Court render that judgment on the fourth amendment which has stood for more than 200 years.  Now, I perhaps suffer a disadvantage in this debate. I am not one of the many attorneys in the House of Representatives, but then again, nonattorneys outnumber attorneys still in this country, perhaps for a little while longer. Many of us are attached to the Bill of Rights in the Constitution, particularly the fourth amendment. And I believe that this goes to the issue of us being secure in our homes.  This is not about a drug deal on the street. It is not about two people hugging with a gun sticking out of their pocket or drugs in the park. It is not about that at all. It is whether or not someone, an officer of the law, has to spend 2 to 3 minutes on the telephone convincing a magistrate that they have probable cause before they kick down someone's door. I do not think that 2 or 3 minutes is an inconvenience. They already have many exceptions, when there is imminent threat, many exceptions when there is a crime in progress, many exceptions when they have a warrant.  But warrantless searches, broadly construed, are a threat to the security of the people of this country. And they certainly are a threat to the continued sanctity of the fourth amendment to the Constitution. So restating that amendment here in this law does not threaten the precedents and the exceptions that have been taken previously.  Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conyers].  