Chairman, for too long the extremes in the debate over western forest management have dominated the stage. On one side there are those who oppose any timber harvests in our public lands, even if it is necessary to improve forest health and reduce the risk of catastrophic fires. On the other side there are those who would treat our national forests as little more than industrial tree farms, sacrificing even the most basic environmental protections in the interests of short-term profit.  Last summer's western fires provided a hint of what may lie ahead. Catastrophic fires, unlike the low intensify fire regime that has been the historical norm, could devastate habitat for many declining and threatened species, including Columbia Basin salmon populations. An ecologically sensitive program of thinning. Controlled burning and salvage logging is essential to restore forest health across millions of acres in the West. If done with care, such a program could improve forest  [[Page H3231]] conditions while providing the secondary benefit of increased fiber supplies for our region's mills.  Mr. Chairman, I would have liked to offer a balanced alternative to this proposal today, but the Republican leadership would not allow it. The issue should never have been brought to the floor in this fashion. Salvage and forest health should be properly debated in the committees with jurisdiction and expertise and not written by special interests in the back rooms out of the public eye.  This proposal lacks even the most basic environmental protections for steep, unstable slopes, fragile soils, critical riparian habitat, even wild and scenic rivers. It defines what is to be harvested as dead, dying, diseased or associated with the large stands of green timber to be harvested.  I have legislated salvage before, but I did it properly in my first term in Congress. I played a major role in resolving a salvage controversy at least as contentious as the forest debate now raging here in Congress. The Silver Fire burned and erodes this area of the Siskiyou National Forest, long defended by environmental activists. That salvage was successfully done without harm. We could do the same across the Western United States if we were given the chance to offer a proper amendment.  Mr. Chairman, for too long, the extremes in the debate over western forest management have dominated the stage. On one side, are those who oppose any timber harvest on our public lands, even if it is necessary to improve forest health and reduce the risk of catastrophic fires. On the other side, there are those who would treat our National Forests as little more than industrial tree farms, sacrificing even the most basic environmental protections in the interests of short-term profit.  In my first term in Congress, I played a major role in resolving a salvage controversy at least as contentious as the forest health debate now raging in Congress. The Silver Fire burned in a roadless area of the Siskiyou National Forest long defended by environmental activists. The industry wanted to extend a road into the area and engage in wholesale salvage of dead and green timber. I was able to mediate an agreement that prevented new road building and green timber harvest, but allowed a significant amount of helicopter salvage of burned timber.  Neither the industry nor the environmental community were entirely happy with the agreement we reached. But today the Silver Fire salvage stands as an example of environmentally sound salvage that had the additional benefit of providing a significant volume of timber.  Today, I once again find myself somewhere between the extremes. On one side are those who oppose any thinning and salvage logging in the fire and pest-stricken forests of the West. On the other side are those who would throw all environmental protection out the window, and maximize timber production under the guise of a sound salvage program. Neither side has it right.  Forests across the West are in the grip of an ecological crisis of unprecedented proportions. The forest health crisis is the result of long term drought and a century of human impacts in the form of fire suppression, timber harvesting, and the introduction of foreign pests, to name a few. The result is that millions of acres of public forest are in the worst shape they've ever been, victim to disease, insect infestation, and fire.  Fire suppression has played a big part in undermining forest health. Controlling wildfires in forests where frequent, low intensity fires historically kept vegetation sparse has allowed a huge build-up of dense understory vegetation to take place. One study on the Boise National Forest in Idaho found that tree density on one site was about 29 trees per acre for the 300-plus years before 1906. Today on the same site, tree density has increased to 533 trees per acre and the species composition has changed from predominantly Ponderosa pine to predominantly Douglas Fir.  Last summer's Western wildfires provided a hint of what may lie ahead. Catastrophic fires, unlike the low-intensity fire regime that has been the historical norm, could devastate habitat for many declining and threatened species, including Columbia basin salmon populations.  An ecologically sensitive program of thinning, controlled burning and salvage logging is essential to restoring forest health across millions of acres in the West. If done with care, such a program could improve forest conditions, while providing the secondary benefit of increased fiber supplies for the region's mills.  We need legislation to help expedite a response to the forest health crisis in the West. But a sound salvage and forest health program needs some environmental safeguards. Unfortunately, the Taylor-Dicks amendment contains none. The Taylor-Dicks amendment would allow logging in Wild and Scenic River corridors and sensitive riparian and roadless areas, with no restrictions based on slope or soil conditions. Its definition of salvage is so broad that it opens the door to wholesale logging in the region's remaining old growth forests and roadless areas. This is not the balanced approach to forest management that most Oregonians want to see.  By setting an arbitrary minimum timber sale level, while prohibiting any environmental considerations on the part of the Forest Service, the Taylor-Dicks salvage amendment guarantees that sensitive salmon streams will be damaged, roadless areas will be opened up to commercial timber harvest, and areas that are simply unsuitable for timber management will be logged. This is a proposal that lurches from one unacceptable extreme to the other. That's why I will vote against this proposal and hope we have the opportunity to craft a salvage bill that gets the job done while protecting the values that Oregonians share.  I would have liked to offer a balanced alternative to this proposal today, but the Republican leadership wouldn't allow it. The issue should never have been brought to the floor in this fashion. Salvage and forest health should be properly debated in the committees with jurisdiction and expertise, not written by industry lawyers in backrooms out of the public eye.  So I am faced with two unacceptable choices--an extreme salvage program with no environmental safeguards or the status quo, which is simply not getting the job done.  It bears stating that the Forest Service is moving ahead with a salvage program, though slowly. The agency plans to offer at least 1.4 billion board feet of salvage in each of the next 2 years. Assistant Secretary Lyons tells me they could offer even more if Congress would appropriate more money for sale preparation and other related activities. But this salvage bill contains no additional money for sale preparation.  Oregonians, by and large, support policies that protect our environment and quality of life, without sacrificing our state's economic well-being. I hope to have an opportunity in the weeks ahead to offer a balanced Oregon alternative to the extreme log-it-at-all-costs salvage approach offered here today. I believe I'll have the support of most of my state's citizens when I do so.  