President, today I rise to support the nomination of Tom Dorr for Under Secretary for Rural Development in the Department of Agriculture.  Thomas Dorr, with his powerful vision for rural America, with his proven leadership as Under Secretary, and with the trust that so many have placed on him, is more than qualified to be confirmed by the Senate.  Let me provide a little background information on this nomination process since President Bush took office in 2001. On March 22, 2001, President Bush announced his intention to nominate Tom Dorr to serve as the Under Secretary of Rural Development. During that year, three nomination hearings were scheduled and then canceled; finally, during the August 2002 recess, the President appointed Mr. Dorr as Undersecretary.  During Mr. Dorr's tenure as Under Secretary, it has been his leadership and dedication that led to the long list of improvements that increased economic opportunity and improved the quality of life in rural America.  He tackled the very complicated and difficult problems involved in the Multi-Family Housing Program that, according to the one congressional staff member, ``were ignored by all previous Under Secretaries''--he believes all rural citizens deserve safe and secure housing.  Dorr initiated an aggressive marketing program to extend the outreach of USDA Rural Development programs to more deserving rural Americans and qualified organizations, especially minorities.  Also while he served as Under Secretary, Mr. Dorr supported the use ofrenewable energy, which led to millions of dollars in grants to develop renewable energy sources; Mr. Dorr boosted the morale of USDA Rural Development employees; Mr. Dorr aided in the development of community water/wastewater infrastructure--and the list goes on.  After his temporary position as Under Secretary, Tom Dorr has completely resurfaced USDA Rural Development. This is a result of his vision for USDA Rural Development. During his term, Mr. Dorr changed USDA Rural Development from being the lender of last resort to one where employees aggressively seek out investments to make in people and organizations that will fulfill its mission.  On June 18, 2003, the Agriculture Committee recommended Mr. Dorr to the Senate on a bi-partisan vote of 14-7. On December 19, 2003 the full Senate failed to break Senator Harkin's hold on the nomination by a vote of 57-39, six Democrats and fifty-one Republicans. Since the attempted cloture, President Bush again nominated Tom Dorr in January of this year, only for Mr. Dorr to meet more of the same from the Senate.  One Senator has held up the confirmation since April 30, 2001, and after President Bush has nominated a qualified candidate for this position three times, we still have yet to see an up or down vote. Despite the fact that Tom Dorr has proven his leadership as Under Secretary, some have still insisted on using the politics of obstruction and partisanship to keep Mr. Dorr from receiving confirmation in this Senate.  For my State of Oklahoma, the strong leadership of Thomas Dorr resulted in an increase of millions of dollars in rural development.  Mr. Dorr's leadership for Rural Development included an aggressive outreach program to rural residents in need of assistance and an innovative effort to leverage more appropriated dollars into program dollars. In fact, Rural Development receives from Congress annual budget authority of about $1.9 billion, and they turn it into $15 billion in program dollars. This includes the administrative money for the agency. In other words, Rural Development takes 12 cents and turns it into a dollar of assistance for rural economic development efforts, which is a level of efficiency difficult to find in most Federal agencies. During his term, Mr. Dorr encouraged the increased use of guaranteed loan programs versus grants to achieve this efficiency as well as very strict tracking of loan servicing.  In other words, Rural Development ``invests'' its dollars expecting a return on investment, rather than just throwing money at communities and hope they fix themselves.  I have seen many of these projects first hand in Oklahoma, from revolving loan funds to business incubators to new water systems. Loans matched with grants with realistic expectations from Rural Development partners is what I see as I tour rural Oklahoma. It takes visionary leadership to achieve this, and for a short time in 2002 and 2003, Mr. Dorr provided this leadership. It is still needed in this important agency.  What Mr. Dorr's vision has meant for Oklahoma is an increase in funding assistance. Oklahoma's Program Level in the past 4 years has gone from $193 million to $322 million. Business Programs have increased 500 percent, Housing Programs have doubled, and all of this is attributable to the outreach efforts encouraged by Mr. Dorr as well as the leveraging efforts he has put in place to allow each Federal dollar to go further.  Mr. Dorr has also made several visits to Oklahoma providing technical assistance on ethanol production, which may lead to the development of our first ethanol plant in our State. He has also met with our Rural Health Care Providers in Oklahoma to help bridge the gap between rural health needs and resources available from Rural Development.  Mr. Dorr is supported by many of our rural advocacy groups in Oklahoma as exemplified by the following quotes:  Ernest Holloway, President of Langston University Oklahoma's 1890 College:       Langston University has a direct stake in improving      economic opportunities in rural Oklahoma . . . It is critical      that we have strong and creative leadership at the Department      of Agriculture in the Rural Development Mission Area. We      strongly support Thomas C. Dorr for the position of Under      Secretary for Rural Development.  Ray Wulf, President of Oklahoma Farmers Union, that includes 48 percent of the membership of the National Farmers Union:     . . . (Mr. Dorr) visited our state office here in Oklahoma      City. During that meeting we had a very fruitful discussion      relative to rural development and the creation of ethanol and      oilseed opportunities within the state. He shared several      rural development experiences within his own home state and      demonstrated his expertise relative to those projects . . .      we can see the value in having Mr. Dorr's expertise and      experiences put to work on behalf of rural America. We trust      that you will equally find such favor with Tom Dorr when he      is considered for confirmation by the United States Senate.  Jeramy Rich, Director of Public Policy for the Oklahoma Farm Bureau:       Mr. Dorr has proven that he has the passion, skill and      experience to lead the USDA's Rural Development efforts. Mr.      Dorr has been a leading advocate for the value-added and      sustainable agriculture that has benefited small family      farmers and offered them an opportunity to remain      competitive. In addition, he has pushed the Department to      provide more creative outreach to minorities in order to      ensure their full participation in USDA Rural Development      program . . . Our members need Tom Dorr's leadership at USDA      Rural Development.  Mr. Dorr also has the strong support of Oklahoma's Rural Development State Director, Brent Kisling:       The fact that the President continues to stand by Mr. Dorr      since 2001 is a true testimony to the confidence he has in      the abilities of Thomas C. Dorr.  With all of the confidence that has been placed on Tom Dorr and with the incredible results that Mr. Dorr has delivered, I believe that he is capable of doing the job that rural America deserves.  The nomination process is supposed to be one of bipartisanship, where the Senate is given the opportunity to evaluate the credentials and to assess the competence of the nominee. Instead, this process has been skewed and perverted by Senator Harkin and others that stand only for obstruction.  To some, it seems that the confirmation of Thomas Dorr has been a small, unimportant matter. To the agriculture industry, to the people of my State of Oklahoma, and to the people of rural America, this confirmation is not a small matter.  I ask unanimous consent that my remarks be inserted into the Congressional Record.  