President, as we go through section by section, we talked about congestion, but we neglected to elaborate because this is one of the more serious problems we have now. According to the Department of Transportation, time spent in congestion increased from 31.7 percent in 1992 to 33.1 percent in 2000. Based on this rate, a typical rush hour in an urbanized area is 5.3 hours a day. The problem is not simply in urban areas. Cities with populations less than 500,000 have experienced the greatest growth in travel delays, according to the DOT.  Very often we do not talk enough about the cost. Right now we are sensitive to the cost of fuel. Yet we can see traffic stopped, with engines idling. This is another factor that has to be entered into the equation.  Increase in capital investment is one way to address congestion. We must also consider ways to better manage existing systems. This bill proposes a national goal of real-time traffic information available for the entire Nation. This goal, while ambitious, is important because we need to reorient our thinking to recognize the importance of allowing users of the system to utilize the system more efficiently, specifically by providing travelers with usable information that will enable them to select the right travel alternative plans.  The biggest and fasting growing cause of congestion in our urban centers is bottlenecks around port and intermodal facilities. Frankly, traffic is expected to grow dramatically in volume in the coming decades with increased international trade. Movement toward the just-in-time economy, freight shipping, will take on heightened importance.  Recently I visited with representatives of the Alameda Corridor Transportation Authority and they shared with me that more than 40 percent of all waterborne freight container traffic in the U.S. ports is handled by the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. My first thought was, how does this trade through the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach affect my constituents in Oklahoma? The answer surprised me. It is estimated that over 100,000 jobs in Oklahoma are attributable to the trade from these ports. That is one example of two ports. I suspect if I had statistics from other ports, I would find that economic development in Oklahoma is tied as closely to them, as well.  We are part of a global economy. This illustrates more than anything, goods and services produced in Oklahoma are being shipped all over the world. Likewise, Oklahomans are purchasing goods and services from countries all over the world. The simple fact is that trade is the engine driving our economy. We cannot ignore the infrastructure needs.  It is worthwhile stating that one of the best kept secrets is we have actually a port that goes all the way to Oklahoma, the port of Catoosa in my hometown. I remember many years ago when I was serving in the State Senate when we were trying to get the message out that we actually are navigable, we have a port that comes all the way up. No one knows it. They do not think about that in Oklahoma. It goes up the Mississippi River from the gulf and comes across the Arkansas River and into Oklahoma. At that time we decided we wanted to let people know of our great port and the navigation that cost billions of dollars to reach all the way to Oklahoma, the most inland port, only to find the way to do this is to demonstrate it. I actually arranged to take over from the Navy a very large World War II surplus submarine called the USS Batfish.  All my political adversaries were saying, we will sink Inhofe with this Batfish. It will never make it all the way to Oklahoma. We were able to bring it all the way. Now proudly displayed in Muskogee, OK, is a World War II submarine that came all the way up the navigation route. So I think it is important. I thought I would throw that out in case somebody did not know it.  Section 1302 is the transfer of highway funds and transit funds. In an effort to provide flexible transportation funding, SAFETEA clarifies--by the way, SAFETEA is what we will refer to during the consideration of this bill. This name could be subject to change when we get to conference. But this bill clarifies that title 23 funds may be transferred by the Secretary to the Federal Transit Authority for all projects except transit capital projects. It also allows States to transfer their funds to another State or a Federal agency at their request, if the funds are used in the same manner and for the same purpose as they were originally authorized.  Section 1303 is the Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, or TIFIA. This is very significant. We talked about it a little bit earlier, that people come up with new ways of approaching the funding for transportation, and ways that are innovative, ways that are partnering with the private sector, that can be much better than the way we have been doing business for the last 40 years.  The Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, TIFIA, was established for the first time in TEA-21 to provide Federal credit assistance for major transportation investments. The TIFIA program has proven to be an innovative and successful addition to the conventional grant-reimbursable highway program. Following the success of the TIFIA program under TEA-21, and considering input from stakeholders and recommendations from the administration, the committee bill has made a few changes to the TIFIA program to expand its scope and increase its usability.  The amount of the Federal credit assistance cannot exceed 33 percent of the total project costs. TIFIA offers three types of financial assistance for these large projects: first, direct loans; second, loan guarantees; and, third, standby lines of credit. The bill also lowers the threshold cost for eligible projects from the TEA-21 level of $100 million to $50 million to make the TIFIA assistance accessible to a greater number of large highway projects.  Projects are also eligible for TIFIA assistance when costs are anticipated to equal or exceed 20 percent of the Federal highway funds apportioned to that particular State. With the increased emphasis this bill places on freight mobility, the definition of ``eligible freight-related projects'' is expanded to allow a group of freight-related projects to be eligible, each of which individually might not meet the threshold requirements for TIFIA credit assistance.  Section 1304 is facilitation of international registration plans and international fuel tax agreements. In response to issues surrounding commerce from Mexico, SAFETEA gives the Secretary of Transportation discretion to provide financial assistance to States participating in the International Registration Plan, the IRP, and the International Fuel Tax Agreement. These States incur certain administrative costs resulting from their service as a home jurisdiction for motor carriers from Mexico.  The International Fuel Tax Agreement and the International Regional Plan are agreements among various U.S. States and Canadian provinces that facilitate the efficient collection and distribution of fuel use taxes and apportioned registration fees among each member jurisdiction. Under both programs, each motor carrier designates its home State or province as the jurisdiction responsible for collecting fuel use taxes and fees.  Since the implementation of NAFTA, the Mexican Government imposes and collects fuel taxes and registration fees differently from the United States and Canada. The National Governors Association is currently evaluating Mexico and its participation in these two programs. In the interim, Mexican motor carriers may use individual U.S. States or Canadian provinces as their home jurisdiction.  Mr. President, I pause here to say to the majority leader and the minority leader, we appreciate very much our ability to go ahead and bring this bill to the floor. Again, we are asking Members, if they have amendments, bring them down. We are eventually going to run out of time, and we want to consider these amendments in a timely fashion. I think we are pressing it right now. We are going to try very hard to have this new bill passed before the expiration of the extension.  I might add, this is the sixth extension we have had, and it does expire on May 31. We want an opportunity to be able to handle this legislation so we will not have to ask for another extension.  It seems to me--and I have been asked a lot of questions as to what our timing looks like right now--we ought to be able to handle amendments through the remainder of the week. Then we will go into a 1-week recess. At the conclusion of that recess, on Monday, the 9th of May, we will continue to look at amendments. It would be my intention to file a cloture motion so we can get to a final vote. Certainly, we have had adequate time, and there does not seem to be that much interest right now in coming down to the floor and offering amendments. That would enable us to send this bill to conference sometime toward the end of that week of May 9. Then we would get to the conference.  It has been our experience in the past that if it is done properly, we ought to be able to get the conferees to agree to some compromises, if necessary, between the House bill and the Senate bill. They are quite different. We have explained the basic differences, and the philosophy of the House, the philosophy of the Senate. Ours, I believe, is a more responsible way of looking at it. Having served 8 years in the Transportation Committee over in the House, at that time that seemed to be something that was workable.  But we ultimately have to come to an agreement. We ultimately have to go to conference and iron out the differences. We have a lot to consider in conference. It is my expectation we will go to conference with an amount that will exceed the current limitation of the bill that is before us today, that amount being $284 billion over the remainder of the 6-year period. However, I do not know that to be the case. If it is the case, then we will have to handle that in conference and make that determination.  In conference, we are also going to have to be looking at the approach to a number of projects. You hear people talking quite often, saying this is a big highway bill, there is a lot of pork in it. I tell you, there is no pork in this bill. There are no projects in this bill. There are only two projects in the entire bill, which consists of hundreds and hundreds of pages. Consequently, it is done on formula. We have talked about the formula, all the considerations that are made by the formula: the donee status, the donor status, the growth factors that go into the various States, the densely populated States, the sparsely populated States. All make for a very equitable approach.  I believe we have a bill that will be able to be passed and sent to conference, and we will be able to come back from the conference and then have it signed into law by the of May 31. If we do not do that, and if we ask for another extension, we will be at the time of year for the peak construction season, which would merely mean wewould lose very valuable time. I am sure in the States of Oklahoma, South Carolina, and other States, that is a very important consideration.  With that, I anticipate there may be more Senators who wish to come down and offer amendments. I am hoping they will at this time.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  