President, we are 12 minutes away from the vote that will be taken and then recessing until 2 o'clock and coming back and finishing probably two votes and then final passage. There won't be time to debate the point. There will be a couple minutes equally divided. The Senator from Arkansas wants to participate in that.  Since I will not be able to talk about the Sessions amendment, let me make a couple of points. I don't have a better friend in this body than Senator Sessions. He and I are both very conservative, always ranked that way. He has an amendment to cut the transportation bill by $10.7 billion and the intent is for $5 billion of that amount to be taken from mass transit and $5.7 billion to be taken from the highway program.  The interesting thing about this is the amendment would only cut contract authority, which is the upper limit of what may be spent on the program. There is no reduction in guaranteed spending. Everybody knows last year in our bill, there was $318 billion in contract authority and $303 billion in guaranteed spending. That is the figure you are concerned with. There is no reduction in guaranteed spending on the Sessions amendment. Guaranteed spending is the amount the bill requires to be spent on the program. So there is no change in actual spending or the deficit.  The amendment also ignores the complexity of the formula. As a result, the amendment drops the contract authority of some donor States below the minimum rates of return identified in the bill. For example, Arizona's rate of return would drop below 90.3 percent in 2005 and 90.9 percent in 2006 as opposed to 92 percent. It is a huge difference. Keep in mind that is contract authority.  It is not just the donor States that are hurt by the amendment. Pennsylvania, an older State, for example, would lose $258 million in contract authority and drops from a 15-percent increase over TEA-21--that would be 7 years ago--down to 11 percent, undoing the gains they received at that time.  Finally, I remind everybody that Senators Grassley and Baucus increased the amount of money. The Sessions amendment is supposedly going to take back that $11.2 billion increase. But when we passed that amendment, the Finance Committee--and it is their job; read the Senate rules, that is what the Finance Committee is supposed to be doing, go in there and find the money--they said: Yes, we know we can spend the additional $11.2 billion. It is not going to increase the deficit. And then they came along, and that fact was verified by the Joint Committee on Taxation. They are the ones who said what the Finance Committee said is right.  Senator Sessions and I are always in the top three most conservative Members when the ratings systems come out of all 100 Senators. I want people to know my view on the amendment. I know the Senator is well meaning, but it is one I will be opposing for those very reasons.  I yield the floor.  