President, first of all, let me make 10 points and make them very succinctly and very quickly. I timed myself, and I can do it in this time.  So I start off with, in reality, this is a political exercise in futility. Every Senator in this Chamber knows it. Who in this Chamber would truly believe the President would sign legislation to repeal his own administration's rule? It is not going to happen. Yesterday, the President said he would veto it. That is a done deal. That is a no-brainer. We understand that.  Now, if you want political points with some of the far left environmentalist groups, sure, this might be your opportunity to get it. But you know it is not going to happen.  Secondly, overturning this rule would delay the rule that is already in effect right now. This President has a good rule. It is a cap-and-trade rule. Prior to this, nobody else was able to do it. But he is doing it.  Third--this is very important--the Senator from Vermont was commenting about some people giving false financial information. I think we know from the Energy Information Administration that the cap-and-trade rule--this approach to it--would cost about $2 billion. This is what is in place right now. This is what the President has done.  In the event they should substitute that for a MACT rule, the Energy Information Administration said it would cost $358 billion. Now, that is how much it would cost. But I think there is a lot more than that. You have to keep in mind if you pass this rule, if this were to take place today, that would have the effect of shutting down coal-fired plants. You would have to replace them with natural gas. That natural gas has already gone up in price.  I have here today, from Oklahoma, the Oklahoma Farmers Union. They can tell you, the cost of fertilizer has gone up 70 percent just in the last short period of time. If you start using natural gas in the plants, there is going to be far less of it available. We have driven 90,000 chemical manufacturing jobs overseas because of the problems they have been having with natural gas right now. So it would be that much worse.  The fourth thing is, they say this is not going to work. It has already been said. It was said yesterday and this morning that the cap and trade does not work. This is patterned after the Acid Rain Program. The Acid Rain Program is considered to be a success. Many Senators--and I do not blame them--have resisted the idea of a cap-and-trade program. They said all kinds of things were going to happen with acid rain, and it did not happen. Even the senior Senator from Vermont said--this is in 1999 when we had the acid rain proposal--       When we were debating controls for acid rain we heard a lot      about the enormous cost of eliminating sulfur dioxide. But      what we learned from the acid rain program is that when you      give industry a financial incentive to clean up its act, they      will find the cheapest way [to do it].  That is exactly what happened. That is what is going to happen in this case.  The fifth thing is that the sponsors of this resolution talk about the fact that a MACT program would give a 90-percent reduction in 3 years. I think it might be very interesting for these people to go back and research that 2 years ago, when we were developing the cap-and-trade proposal for mercury, they considered at the same time a MACT approach. Their modeling showed they could only cut mercury by 29 percent, not the 90 percent we are talking about now. It is all in the record. It is all there in the EPA. They have that information.  So it is not 90 percent. Even if you were to take this, it would be 29 percent as opposed to the mandated 70-percent reduction that is in the cap-and-trade proposal by the President.  The sixth thing is that U.S. powerplants contribute but 1 percent to the global total of mercury emissions. This is kind of interesting. Everyone is talking about powerplants now, that we have to do something about powerplants, when in fact powerplants are not the contributors. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Norwegian Institute of Air Research did a long, involved study on this issue. They said, of all the release--you can see it in this chart right here--only 1 percent comes from U.S. powerplants. So we are talking about 1 percent of the mercury that is released. That is all, just 1 percent.  The next thing I would like to mention--I will use two charts for this--if we were to use, right now, the computer modeling, the first map shows the mercury deposits from all sources in 2001. That is where it is right now. We can see it over here in this area, I say to my good friends, Senator Jeffords and Senator Leahy. It is over 20micrograms per square meter. That is what is happening today.  Now, the next chart shows what would happen if you did away with all powerplants by the year 2020. You can see it really is not that different. So it gets right back to that chart that only 1 percent is affected to begin with.  The seventh reason is that repealing the rule would be a rollback in the first ever mercury regulation to control powerplants. I hope everybody understands that powerplants have never been regulated for mercury.  It hasn't happened. It has never happened. They tried it in the Carter administration. Many of us wanted that to happen. I wasn't here at that time, but the Carter administration punted it to the Reagan administration. The Reagan administration didn't do it. They didn't regulate mercury. They punted it to the Bush 1 administration. He didn't do it. He punted it to President Clinton. The Clinton administration did nothing toward regulation of mercury. He punted it to the current administration and they are doing it. We are now regulating mercury for the first time in the history of this country. It is this administration that is doing it.  The eighth reason is, of the 144 tons of mercury deposited yearly in the United States, only 11 tons come from U.S. powerplants. With the new rule, that amount will drop down to 3.4 tons.  Then, No. 9, it is easy to scare people. We are really good at that, talking about how many people are going to die. It is very interesting. I want people who are scared because they have heard politicians talking about the doom and gloom of this thing to look at the NHANES study which shows that not a single woman or child has a blood mercury level approaching the level at which even the smallest effect was observed by the study.  Lastly, even if it worked, the technology is not there. If we should adopt this, the technology is not there.  I retain the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  