President, again, I am hoping that Senator Harkin is on his way and is prepared to offer his amendment. I look forward to considering that.  In the meantime, let's keep in mind we now have a limited period of time in which to work. The time is here. We are open for business. We want to have the amendments sent to the Senate. We invite our Members to do so.  In the meantime, I will reconfirm and restate one of the reasons for the urgency of this bill. Not only is this one of the largest bills of the year, it is thought by many to be the most important bill we will consider in that it is a matter of life and death.  We have core safety programs. If we were operating on an extension we do not have in this bill, we will not have the core safety programs and people will die. It is as simple as that, if we do not get this done.  Consequently, it is always worth repeating how important it is to get the bill completed and what would happen if we do not. We are in our sixth extension. This extension expires May 31. On May 31, if we do not have something in place, we have another extension. If we have an extension as opposed to a bill, there is not a chance to improve the donor status. There are many States that are donor States, like my State of Oklahoma. Under this bill as it is now, the minimum donor State of 90.5 percent would be increased to 92 percent, which does not sound like a big increase, and is not as large as I would like, but it means hundreds of thousands of dollars to each State.  Without the bill, we will not have that. We will just have an extension of what we have today at 90.5 percent. We would have no new safety core programs if we are not able to pass this bill.  Again, we have talked about the difficult job in putting together a fair formula. The fair formula is one that no one thinks is fair. Perhaps we have a fair formula as a result of that type of analysis. One of the factors in the 20-some factors of a formula is the fatalities of the States. My State happens to be a high-fatality, per capita State, so there is a consideration in the formula for that. If we do not pass the bill, we will not have any of the safety programs.  Right now, we have some streamlining provisions that took us--and I am sure the distinguished ranking minority member, Senator Jeffords, would agree with this--we spent 3 years coming up with what we can do to protect the environment and at the same time streamline the process of building roads so we do not come into delays that are costly delays and use up our mile dollars. We have done that. We have come to a lot of compromises.  It is kind of interesting, I think those of us on the committee, who all supported these streamlining provisions, did not really like the way they turned out. I thought they were not strict enough. Some thought they were too strict. Nonetheless, they are there. But if we do not pass a bill, we do not have them, so they are still going to be stumbling along trying to build roads with all kinds of obstacles out there that are obsolete.  If we do not pass a bill, we will not have the ability to use the innovative financing that is given to the States. This bill, for example, has recognized something that I believe is very important; that is, we should expand the opportunity of the States to have more chances to get involved, more opportunities to use innovative financing methods that may work. My State of Oklahoma is different from the State of Vermont, for example. What works in Vermont may not work in Oklahoma. But we recognize that. This bill will allow the States to be able to start being creative in expanding their ability to pay for more roads in a way that is a custom that would be workable within their States. That is a very important aspect of this legislation.  If we are operating on an extension and do not have a bill, we are not going to have this program called the Safe Routes to School. The Safe Routes to School Program is one that is certainly supported strongly by the Senator from Vermont, as well as many of the Members of the other body. This is something that many people feel very strongly about, that some people think is one of the most important parts of this bill: the Safe Routes to Schools. This will save young lives in America. If we do not pass this bill--and we are not going to pass it if we are working on an extension--young lives could very well be lost.  One of the biggest problems we are having right now--I know my State of Oklahoma is not a lot different from other States--is we are sitting back there with the department of transportation, we are sitting back there with highway contractors who have the labor set up, all ready to go to work, all ready to repair roads, to build roads, to build bridges, and there is no certainty. They do not know for sure we are going to pass a bill. If we do not pass a bill, we may be on a 1-month extension, we may be on a 2-week extension, we may be on a 1-year extension. There is no way we can plan ahead and get the most from our dollars if we do not have a bill. There would be 5 years remaining on this bill for people to be able to plan for the future. So that certainty is very important.  A lot of the States are border States. My State of Oklahoma is not a border State, but a lot of them are. They have to deal with the NAFTA traffic. This bill has a borders program as well as a corridors program built into it to take into consideration some of the unique problems that come with the expanded traffic from trade. If we do not pass a bill, we will not have any help for these people. If we do pass a bill, we have provisions to be helpful to them.  The bill calls for a national commission to explore how to fund transportation in the future. There are some ways, if you look way down the road, maybe 5 years from now or 10 years from now, where maybe--just maybe--we can do something different for a change.  We have said several times here, and others have mentioned it, that this interstate highway program initially came into being many years ago, back in the 1950s, when Dwight Eisenhower was President of the United States. He observed during World War II, when he was General Eisenhower, that he was not able to get the troops and supplies moved around the country, to get them in place, to be shipped over to fight our battles.  When he became President, what is the one thing everybody remembers about Dwight Eisenhower? They remember the roads program, the highway program. It was funded in a way with taxes the same way we are funding it today. So we are talking about a half century, nearly, that we have been funding this program the same way. With this bill, we have established a commission that will look at new ways of partnering, new, creative ways of funding roads.  I can tell you, many people have come to our committee--we have had hearings on this--and they have talked about how much better we can do it if we just have a chance to get away from this mold we have been living in, the methods we are using and have been using for the last half century. If we just operate on an extension, we do not have a chance to do any of that.  This bill is more than just a highway bill. We have talked about bridges and highways a lot. But this is an intermodal transportation bill. A lot of people do not realize it, but my State of Oklahoma is actually a navigable State in terms of barge traffic coming in and out of the State. We have chokepoints with regard to train travel, channel travel, air travel. This bill addresses those chokepoints. At the present time, without this bill, that is not going to happen.  Lastly, and this is probably the most important thing, the bill has firewall protections to make sure people--I have always thought of this as a moral issue. If somebody is driving up to the pump and he or she pays that tax, I never hear anyone complaining about the high taxes on motor fuel because they recognize and believe all that money is going to go to road improvement, to new roads and new bridges. But, in fact, that is not the case because, like any trust fund, the propensity of people in elected positions--whether it is State or Federal--to spend the taxpayers' money is insatiable. They will go and rob these trust funds, whether it is the Social Security trust fund, the highway trust fund, or any of the other trust funds we have, and put it in other programs. It is when nobody is looking. Well, we have firewalls in this bill that would preclude that from happening.  One of the things I liked about the bill we had last year was that we changed all those provisions where they had been using trust fund money to support policies that have nothing to do with transportation. We are, to a great extent, going to be doing that with this bill, too.  So the urgency of passing this bill is upon us. We have to do it this week. It would be Monday at the latest, but this week, I would say, in order to get it to conference, come back from conference, have the conference report adopted in both the House and the Senate, and then signed by the President. We can do that if we move expeditiously now, but if we do not, it is not going to happen. We have a May 31 deadline. What is today? May 11. Today is May 11. So we have 20 more days to get this all the way out of the Senate, into conference--of course, the House has already passed the bill, so they are waiting for us now--have it considered in conference, and then have it sent back here. That is not much time.  Things do not happen very quickly around here. But I know Senator Jeffords and I will do everything that is necessary in that conference to make sure we come out with a good bill, get that bill back here, passed the House, passed the Senate, and to the President's desk, to have a highway bill. If we do not do it, none of these 10 things I mentioned are going to happen--none of them.  There may be parts of the bill you don't like. There are parts of the bill I do not like. But I hope people realize that just operating on an extension, after we are on our sixth extension now, is no way to do business. We are here to do a better job for the American people.  Hopefully, some people will be coming down to the Chamber.  I yield the floor to Senator Jeffords.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coburn). The Senator from Vermont.  