President, first of all, let me say that I agree with my friend from North Dakota, although I do not agree with him on the whole idea of the mandated ethanol. We have talked about that. We had that debate. That is already behind us now, and this is where we are.  I would suggest that many years ago, when I was in the State legislature, my first trip to Washington was to protest Ladybird Johnson's Highway Beautification Act of 1965. So I do not like mandates to start with, but what I don't like more than the mandates is the fact that you mandate something and then open them up to exposure and expose them to lawsuits. We drafted in my committee this very narrow safe harbor provision which is included inthe underlying amendment. It was a product of very careful deliberation. It was a compromise. It was a piece of the overall package.  The amendment requires the use of a set and increasing amount of renewable fuels. Because the Government requires the use of a particular additive, the Government should not allow compliance with that requirement to be the basis of a lawsuit. That is just common sense.  I have a great deal of respect for my colleague from California, but when she talks about the powerful interests we are protecting, is a farmer from Gage, OK, or from Woodward, OK, a powerful special interest group? No, he is not. He is someone who has a law. There is a law out there. He is complying with the law. He says: I guess I will have to go ahead and supply the corn for ethanol. Then he finds out, down the road, he is being named in a lawsuit. We know this happens. It may not be the intent of the law, but it is the effect of the law. That is what happens.  On April 22, trial lawyers in the City of Merced v. Chevron have already filed an MTBE-style case attacking ethanol. The plaintiff's drafting in their lawsuit is purposely different and includes the term ``other oxygenates and ethers.'' This careful inclusion necessarily includes ethanol because the only other ``oxygenate'' per se is ethanol.  Any of those trying to use the argument that if you do this, this somehow affects MTBE and would reduce their responsibility, it does not affect them. The renewable fuels safe harbor does not relate to MTBE. The text of the renewables liability provision is clear. Only renewable fuels, as defined elsewhere in the amendment, can qualify for the safe harbor. MTBE is not within the renewables definition.  I would hope, as people cast their vote, they would keep in mind there is one great issue, and that is a fairness. For Government to come along and mandate something is bad enough. But for Government to come along and mandate something and then say there is no protection for complying with the law, that is not right. It is a fairness issue. I believe we should defeat the amendment.  I yield the floor.  