President, I agree wholeheartedly with the comments made by the ranking member, Senator Jeffords. It is interesting when he reads off the list of people anxious for a bill.  In the case of Oklahoma, when I was mayor of the city of Tulsa, we were interested in being able to plan ahead. We have our Council of Governments saying they need to have it. We have our State department of transportation that says they are going to miss their construction season. We have to get it done.  While Senator Jeffords and I many times philosophically disagree, the fact we agree so much on getting this bill completed speaks well of what we are trying to do. It demonstrates the broad base of support. I don't have any doubt we will be able to get passage. The problem is if we do not get the amendments for consideration, it will be a logjam when we return from recess and could very well be a problem in meeting our deadline of May 31. That is what we need to focus on.  We are in agreement on most of the provisions. There is some disagreement on the formula. Formulas are always a problem. I have been very happy about the way the Senate has done this. After having spent 8 years in the other body and serving on the Transportation Committee of the House of Representatives, I remember meetings we had. I don't say this in a critical way, but they operate on the basis of projects. We do, too, except the difference is we talk about formulas and try to be as equitable as possible and let the States determine their projects.  It gets back to the argument, who is in a better position to know the needs of my constituents in the State of Oklahoma? Is it Washington or our transportation commissioners responsible to the State legislature and the needs in the State?  Some people say in an expensive bill, there is pork. There is no pork in the bill. There are only two projects in the entire bill. People need to understand that.  This will change to some degree when we get to conference because it has to be agreed to by a majority of the conferees on the House, as well as a majority of the conferees from the Senate. To devise a formula that no one will disagree with is absolutely impossible. The only choice we have if we look for unanimity in approving a formula would be to have Senator Jeffords and me go to 60 Senators and say we will take care of you and we will forget about the other 40. We would have a bill and do it and it would be perfectly legitimate and not unethical.  We take into consideration the Interstate Maintenance Program. It varies from State to State. We take into consideration the National Highway System, the lane miles, the principal arteries, excluding the interstate VMT on principal arteries, excluding the interstate diesel fuel used on highways, and total lane miles on principal arteries divided by population. All these things have gone into the formula.  The Surface Transportation Program, which we have talked about, is part of the consideration in terms of total lane miles.  The Highway Bridge Replacement Rehabilitation Program I am particularly sensitive to because Oklahoma ranks last in terms of the condition of bridges. These things have to be considered.  The Recreation Trails Program varies from State to State. There has to be something in a formula that will take into consideration these programs.  Border planning and operations: Since the passage of NAFTA and now they are considering CAFTA, there are unusual situations taking place from State to State. We have low-income States. My State, Oklahoma, is a low-income State. We have low-population States such as Wyoming, Montana, andsome of the States where they still have to have roads, but they do not have the number of people so that has to be part of the consideration and part of a formula.  They have low-population density States, high-fatality States. Some States have higher fatalities than other States. That has to be taken into consideration.  All these things--donor status, donee status--all are important. But the bottom line is, I can take all 12 or 14 factors and put them into a formula program. I can find areas where Oklahoma is not considered as well as Texas or as Vermont. I can find factors that treat Vermont worse than they treat Montana or some of the other States. If someone is looking to be ahead on all factors, there is not 1 of 50 States that can say they are.  I ask our Members to consider that. Formulas consider a lot of things. We have done a good job with the approach we have. It is a harder approach to take than the approach the other body uses. It is easier for them to get a bill on and off the floor. Timing is important. There is not a Member of this Senate who does not agree we need to get a bill passed.  Members may not like the bill as it is. Come on down with amendments. We are waiting for you. We invite Members.  I yield the floor.  