President, first of all, I know what a sense-of-the-Senate resolution is. Everybody here knows if you establish a position on a bill that is very meaningful, such as the billthat was defeated--the McCain-Lieberman bill--you can turn around and vote for a sense of the Senate and play both sides. Essentially, I think that is what happened here.  Very clearly, a sense of the Senate doesn't do anything except offer cover. I would like to suggest that it would be difficult for me to imagine that anyone who voted in opposition to McCain-Lieberman a few minutes ago would turn around and support this because this is making four assertions that are not true. We have demonstrated very clearly that they are not true and nonscientifically based.  The first one is on the first page of the sense-of-the-Senate resolution. It says:       Greenhouse gases accumulating in the atmosphere are causing      average temperatures to rise at a rate outside the range of      natural variability. . . .  We talked about this for 3 hours today. In fact, that is not true. If you are concerned about, for example, surface temperatures, we have climate research, published in 2004, that says overall averages of warming rates is overstated. This is due to significant contamination with land-based weather stations, which add up to a net warming bias at the global averaging level.  Then, on climate research of 2004, this study refutes common claims that nonclimatic signals in the weather station data have been identified and filtered out by the IPCC. That is the International Panel on Climate Control, which we talked about in the beginning of this. Again, we look at this, in terms of satellite data, as printed in the text of the central station publication in 2004:       Substantial cooling has occurred in the lower stratospheric      layer of the atmosphere over the past 25 years.  In other words, in the stratosphere, starting between 8 and 25 miles above the surface, it is not heating, it is actually reducing; the temperatures are reducing. This false conclusion that the stratosphere is warming should never have been published since the evidence was misinterpreted.  So we are saying something in this resolution that, quite frankly, is not true.  Second, it is ``posing a substantial risk of rising sea levels, altered patterns of atmospheric and oceanic circulation,'' hurricanes, and all that.  We have talked about this at some length today. First, if you talk about droughts, we have already talked about the surface temperatures and the fact that they are not increasing. The hurricanes in global warming, we spent time today talking about that. The foremost authority nationwide is a guy named Dr. Christopher Landsea. He says that hurricanes are going to continue to hit the United States on the Atlantic and Gulf coast, and the damage will probably be more expensive than in the past, but this is due to the natural climate cycles which cause hurricanes to be stronger and more frequent and rising property prices.  Obviously, it is going to cost more if you damage property that is increasing in value. He says that contrary to the belief of the environmentalists, reducing CO2 emissions would not lessen the impact of hurricanes. The best way to reduce the toll hurricanes would take on coastal communities is through adaptation and preparation. I think we all understand that. Rising sea levels. We talked about this today, too. They always talk about this Tuvalu, the island supposedly that is going to sink into the ocean. John Daly, in the report that came out--I don't think anybody questions his credibility--says the historical record, from 1978 through 1999, indicated a sea level rise of 0.07 millimeters per year, where IPCC claims a 1 to 2.5 millimeter sea rise for the world as a whole, indicating the IPCC claim is based on faulty modeling. The national title facility based in Adelaide, Australia, dismissed the Tuvalu claims as unfounded. It goes on and on refuting that.  The next thing it says in this resolution is that the science is settled. I don't know how many times we have to say that, since 1999, the science that was assumed to be true, based on the 1998 revelation of Michael Mann on the very famous ``hockey stick'' theory, has been refuted over and over again. We have the energy and environment report that came out in 2003 that says the original Mann papers contain collation errors, unjustifiable truncations of extrapolation of source data, obsolete data, geographical location errors, incorrect calculations of the principal components, and other quality control defects. It goes on to say that while studying Mann's calculation methods, McIntyre and McKitrick found that Mann's component calculation used only one series in a certain part of the calculation said to be serious. They discovered that this unusual method nearly always produces a hockey stick shape, regardless of what information is put into it.  We had the charts out less than an hour ago. It is very clear that if you plot the temperature, as he did over the period of the last hundred years, it shows a fairly level line, until it comes to the 20th century, and it goes up. That is the blade on the hockey stick. That shows that temperatures start increasing after the turn of the century. What he failed to put on the chart was the medieval warming period, which was from about 1000 A.D. to 1350 A.D. During that time, nobody refutes the fact that temperatures were higher then than they are in this century.  The other thing, if all else fails, use logic. In the 1940s, when we had the dramatic escalation of CO2 and methane and anthropogenic gases, this is what they are asserting causes global warming, but it precipitated a cooling period that started in the middle 1940s and went to the late 1970s. As we said an hour ago, the first page on the major publications around America, such as Time magazine, said we are now having an ice age coming. Everybody was hysterical. We are all going to die in an ice age. That is using the same logic that, if you are going to say it is due to anthropogenic gas, in the late 1940s, we had an 85-percent increase in that, and that precipitated not a warming period but a cooling period.  So you can take this and pick it apart. I kind of think it is going to pass because we had a lot of people who voted against the real thing which would have caused all of the economic damages. Now it is very safe to cover your vote by voting for something so you can answer your mail and say: Yes, that is all right. I voted for the sense of the Senate, saying we are going to do these things and accept the fact that, No. 1, the planet is heating; No. 2, it is due to anthropogenic gases, and therefore vote for me.  That is happening now. We understand that. It was also brought out by the Senator from New Mexico that the economic impacts are not all that great when dealing with global warming. I suggest to you they are very great. I cannot find a group that says they are not. Charles Rivers Associates. Sure, you can say the CRA is not a credible group. Nobody is going to say that because he is credible. They are saying if we had enacted the watered-down version of McCain-Lieberman, it would have cost the economy $507 billion in 2020, $525 billion in 2025. Implementing Kyoto would cost--and we are talking about this in the resolution--$305 billion in 2010; $243 billion in 2020. It would result in an annual loss per household of $2,780 by 2010. That means, for every household of four people, the average it is going to cost them. Don't let anyone tell you that the economic impact is anything but disastrous. When the CRA International studied the job loss, it stated that under the watered-down version, we would lose 840,000 U.S. jobs in 2010; 1.3 million jobs in 2020; and implementing the Kyoto would mean job loss in the economy of 2.4 million jobs in 2010 and 1.7 million jobs in 2020. Energy prices--this is the economy we are talking about--would increase. There would be a 28-percent increase for gasoline, a 28-percent increase for electricity, 47-percent increase for gas, and it would be astronomical in terms of the cost of coal. These are the things that we turned around and wisely voted down in a meaningful bill. And I don't question the sincerity of McCain-Lieberman. They really believe in this. Nonetheless, cooler heads did prevail, and now we have a cover vote and people will come forth and say I am voting for this in spite of the fact that I voted against you before. I will turn around and vote for this as a sense of the Senate. It means nothing in terms of legislation. We understand that.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  