 Mr. President, I may want to ask for a couple more minutes.  First of all, let me state to the junior Senator from Oklahoma that I was not aware of this debate coming up. However, I don't have to practice for a debate; it comes from the heart.  Let me also say to one of my best friends in the Senate, Senator Voinovich, that he is doing his job. We may come to a different conclusion on this particular issue, but I know he is in a real situation. You have shared that with several of us.  Let me suggest to you, Mr. President, that there is something sadly lacking in this debate; that is, in the State of Oklahoma. There are only two of us in the Chamber from Oklahoma. We know what Oklahomans want. It is kind of interesting because Senator Coburn and I have kind of the same philosophy--we want to keep it the same place. We have different styles when we talk about trying to reduce the size of government. He talks about projects, and I talk about reducing appropriations. We both want to get to the same place. He has been an advocate and has talked about term limitation. I believe that everyone, if they don't want to go along with term limitations, ought to have to go out like I did and serve in the real world for 30 years, get beat up by the bureaucracy, and then you can come here and speak from the heart as a citizen back home.  But when you look at our State of Oklahoma--and I read this section out of the U.S. Constitution, article I, section 4, which says the time, places, and manner of holding elections for the U.S. Senate preside in each State. That is what it says. That is what the Founding Fathers said--that we should make that determination from our own States. So here we are from the State of Oklahoma. We made the decision. And I have to say this: I know what people in Oklahoma want.  One other thing Senator Coburn and I have in common is we go back every weekend. He may deliver a few babies while he is back there. But I would suggest to you, ask the question. A lot of people stay here in Washington all the time. Would you rather have your U.S. Senator staying in Washington and playing golf all weekend or going back to the State from which he came? We made a decision to go back.  I have to say also that I have a bigger dog in this fight than most people think. I had the honor of going out many years ago and recruiting thisbright young doctor to run for the U.S. House of Representatives. And he did. He came in and agreed to do that. He got an exception to allow him to work hard and still keep up his practice. He did that very successfully.  I have to say this: When the Senator from Connecticut referred to a part-time Senator, which we hear now and then, let me tell you that there is no part-time Senator in Senator Coburn. I know this because we go back every weekend. I go around the State. I know what people want. The State of Oklahoma is not a Republican State or a Democrat State, it is a swing State. For him to come along and get in the race late--he got in the race so late for the U.S. Senate that I was already supporting another Republican. But when he got in and worked hard and went out, he won by 12 points. It wasn't a squeaker it was a landslide. And he was outspent by the other side.  This is what we think in Oklahoma about Tom Coburn.  You can talk all you want to about the rules in the Senate, but I can tell you right now that the Constitution is right when they say in article I, section 4, that the times, places, and manner of holding elections for the State for the office of Senator is within the State.  I am here on behalf the State of Oklahoma, unlike anyone else who has spoken saying this is the right thing to do to carve out this exception, if you want to call it that, for Senator Coburn, he is a hard-working Senator, and he is doing what we in Oklahoma want him to do.  I yield the floor.  