President, I thank the distinguished Senator from New Jersey for bringing his amendment to the Senate. We have been urging Members to bring their amendments to the Senate. I thank him also for the very thoughtful, sincere, and articulate way he expressed and explained his amendment. I disagree, but I know he has strong feelings, and we are anxious to get a vote on his amendment.  It is my hope--and I know the ranking minority member, Senator Jeffords, agrees--to get as many of these votes lined up for, perhaps, stacked votes. We do not have a time yet, but I assume that would be acceptable with the author of this amendment to stack these votes with perhaps some other amendments.  Currently, 21 States and the District of Columbia have helmet laws; 26 States have limited helmet laws, including my State of Oklahoma. Ours are for 17 and under. Only four States, as I understand, have no helmet requirement.  As recently as last year when we were discussing the highway bill, the U.S. Department of Transportation released a statement in which they said:       The administration opposes sanctions and withholding State      funds, both of which would jeopardize important State level      safety programs in infrastructure maintenance programs      already in place.  Let me share a personal experience. Many years ago, back in the middle 1960s, I believe 1967, my first year in the State legislature, my first act in January of 1967, I came to Washington, DC, to testify before the Environment and Public Works Committee chaired at that time by Jennings Randolph of West Virginia. I was impressed with myself coming up to testify before this lofty committee that I now chair.  I was protesting Lady Bird's Highway Beautification Act of 1965. The reason was it was withholding funds, our funds, in order to accomplish a policy which we could agree or disagree on.  I have to admit to the Senator from New Jersey that I come from a little bit of a prejudiced perspective because I would be concerned about mandates for quite some time.  The highway bill is important for addressing real transportation infrastructure needs, but I question it is a place to spend a lot of time for other policies.  I will share with the Senator from New Jersey a study done last year of the California Motorcycle Safety Program, designed by Dr. John Billheimer, completed in 1996, that found that rider training dramatically reduces accidents and thus eliminates injuries and fatalities. Specifically, the study stated:       An analysis of statewide accident trends shows that total      motorcycle accidents have dropped by 67 percent since the      introduction of the California Motorcycle Safety Program with      a drop of 88 percent among those under 18-year-old drivers.  There is much that can be done to dramatically reduce fatalities. I can recall we were debating a motorcycle helmet law in the State senate many years ago in the 1970s when testimony came forth that a helmet will impair one's vision to some degree, that there are sometimes accidents that have occurred because of the restriction. I know there have probably been studies on that, but it is something to be considered.  I fundamentally oppose this type of approach. I know consistency is not always something we have in this Senate, but it is consistent with my feelings over the last 30 years in addressing this type of situation.  I believe the Senator from New Jersey has every right to get a vote to measure the Senate, so at the appropriate time it would be my intention to table the amendment, call for the yeas and nays, and stack this with perhaps some of the other amendments, maybe the amendment of Senator Harkin,who is prepared to offer his amendment now.  