Out in California and in Texas, they have been able to do some things where they have convinced us they get many more miles and much more local participation by the public-private partnership, by the TIFIA rule, and it is something that we would not be able to do nationwide if we do not get this bill and we just operate on an extension.  There are a lot of people who are very concerned about a provision in our bill that is called the Safe Routes to School. I know the Senator from Vermont has been interested in that. This is something where we would be talking about saving young lives. Right now, the provision is not there. So if we have an extension, it is merely an extension of TEA-21, the one that we have been operating under for the last 7 years.  If we are not able to pass this bill, then the States will continue to have uncertainty in planning, thereby delaying projects and negatively impacting jobs.  The Senator from Missouri commented that for each $1 billion spent, it provides 47,000 new jobs. So this would easily be the biggest jobs bill probably in the history of America. But if we operate on an extension, there can be no planning. There is not going to be the construction.  The Senator from Missouri is from a northern State and so is the Senator from Vermont. In Oklahoma, though, our construction time is longer than it is in Vermont, and it is actually longer than it is in the State of Missouri. It is something that has to be considered because if we have those delays and they cannot plan in advance, we are not going to have the construction. We are not going to be able to correct these problems.  That is why I asked the question of the Senator from Missouri, who is a former Governor of the State. We need to have certainty in planning. I hear every day from Gary Ridley in our Department of Transportation in Oklahoma that we have things we need to do and we need to be planning right now. We can get so much more for each dollar if we do that, and I suggest that other States have the same situation.  If we do not have a new bill and we just operate on an extension, there is no new border program for border States to deal with NAFTA and other traffic. We hear a lot from the border States--California, Arizona, Texas, and Florida--that they like the borders and corridors program. We have a borders and corridors provision in this bill that will give consideration to the fact that through no fault of their own many border States have a lot of traffic that comes up through Mexico and other places that is all in conjunction with NAFTA.  I can recall 10 years ago when NAFTA was voted on I happened to have been the only member of theOklahoma delegation that voted against NAFTA. I think I was right and they were wrong, but nonetheless when we look at what we are able to do with the borders and corridors program, it is something that is very critical for those States.  My State of Oklahoma is also affected by that because those corridors come through the State of Oklahoma. If we do not have the bill, we just have an extension, there is going to be a delay in the establishment of the national commission to explore how to fund transportation in the future. As motor vehicles become more fuel efficient, a tax collection system based solely on gas consumption becomes less practical. Right now the greatest problem we have is the cost of fuel. We have been very much concerned about that. If our taxes were based on a percentage as opposed to a number of cents or dollars, then we would not have that problem. But in Oklahoma if we are paying $2.20 a gallon for gas instead of what it was a short while ago, about $1.40, then people are not going to drive as far. When they do not drive as far, that means the tax revenues are going to come down.  There is no reason we have to continue to do business as we have done business for the last 50, 60, 70 years and not come up with new and innovative ways to pay for our system.  In this bill we have a provision for a national commission to look at different transportation funding in the future. One of my complaints when we talk about the highway trust fund is about how we should or should not pay for it. Every time this body has a new idea to encourage people to use fuel-efficient automobiles, either hybrid or electric cars, that ends up with less gallons of gas produced. Yet those cars still damage the highways with the wear and tear that another car does. I have complained if we are going to have a policy, it should not be paid for on the backs of the highway trust fund.  Anyway, those are issues they can look at. They can look at new ways of financing roads and new partnerships. This commission will come together and will perform for us.  If we do not have a new bill and we have an extension, there will be no increased opportunity to address chokepoints and intermodal connectors. This is not simply a highway bill but an intermodal bill, talking about how the highways, railroads, and airlines come together. It is a complicated transportation system.  There was a time in the beginning during the Eisenhower administration when we wanted to have a national highway system. I will share with my friend from Vermont, when President Eisenhower, during the war, was a major, Major Eisenhower, he was the one who realized our traffic system, our road system, our network, was not a transportation issue as much as a national security issue. He was trying to move his troops around from one place to another. So when he became President, one of the first things he wanted to do was set up the national transportation system. We have had it since that time. At that time we were looking at miles of paved roads in America. Now we are looking at the intermodal system that covers all transportation and brings all transportation together. But we won't be able to do that if we extend what we have today because those portions of the bill will not become law.  There are many other provisions we would lose if we do not pass a bill, if we only have an extension. The firewall protection of the highway trust fund would not be continued, thereby making the trust fund vulnerable to raids in order to pay for other programs.  One of the things we run into in Government I can relate to in the State of Oklahoma. In the State of Oklahoma we have had people, when you are looking the other way, come in and raid a trust fund. The impact aid is a good example. Impact aid was started way back in the 1950s. The idea was if Government comes along and takes the land off the tax rolls, you still have to educate those kids living there, so they are supposed to replenish that particular subdivision to the amount of money they lost in revenue. That was a good program. We all supported it.  In the 1960s, people realized there was a fund and no one was looking, so they took the money out of it. This has happened to other trust funds. This has happened to the highway trust fund. I see that as a moral issue.  In fact, when we had our bill out last year, we looked at it as if this is something we can afford to do because it was paid for almost entirely out of user taxes. Now, if you go to the pump and you pay a Federal tax on the gasoline you buy, you assume that will go to building roads and maintaining roads and people do not complain about it. I have never complained about it. I complain about every other tax, but I don't complain about the highway taxes because I know that is how we will pay for it. They have been diverting money out of the trust fund and putting it into other projects.  What we did in last year's bill, and it is in this year's bill also, is restore that so money will have to go to repairing roads that go into the highway system. If we do not pass this bill, it is not going to happen.  To reiterate, regarding the pending bill, 76 Senators voted for it last year. Very few changes have been made. We produced a solid project last year to go to conference with the House. I suggest that given a few changes we would have made, we would have been able to move it out and we would not be here today. This should have happened a year ago. This should not be happening now.  The bill managers are ready and willing to discuss Members' amendments. We want to work with you on your concerns. We hope you will come down and offer amendments. We will have this vote in 9 minutes. How quickly time flies when you are having fun. When we have this vote, I anticipate it will be a successful vote and we will be able to get on the bill and start with amendments. When that happens, I certainly hope all those individuals who have said negative things about this bill--they didn't like part of the formula, they didn't think they were treated fairly, they thought they were bumping up to the caps for States--come down and offer amendments.  I don't think any of us in terms of Senator Jeffords, myself, Senator Baucus, and Senator Bond, are going to complain. We may not like the amendments, but we want to have the amendments offered, if for no other reason than it is important so people realize you cannot make one change in a bill without affecting everyone else. I know formulas are different.  It would be easier if we had done the easy thing. That is, Senator Jeffords and I could go to 60 Members of this 100-Member body and make them sweetheart deals, give them what they wanted to get their vote, buy their votes, get 60 votes, and tell the rest of them, it is your problem. And we would have a bill today. That is not how we want to do business. We feel we can do it being fair to our colleagues and do it on the basis of a formula.  We had Members who were going to be heard on the motion to proceed and they have not arrived. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  