President, shortly we will be voting on final passage of H.R. 3, the highway bill. Of course, we have talked about how long this has been in the making. We are finally to that point. The product is a good product. There are some who still today are not happy with the way the formula has treated their States.  There is nothing more difficult than dealing with a formula. This is a formula that deals with so many different factors. We have donor States, donee States, large States, small States, passthrough States, we have States with unusually high delegate rates. All these things are a consideration. During this debate we have discussed these at length the last 3 years.  A lot of people think we are spending too much. I put my conservative credentials up against any one of the 100 Members. I have been rated No. 1 as most conservative Member in this Senate. Yet there are two areas where we need to spend money: One is the national defense and infrastructure is the other one.  This is a life-and-death bill. We have to do something to save some lives. People who are saying we are spending too much on this, I think they forget that we have had two very great Senators in the Finance Committee, Senator Grassley and Senator Baucus, who we went to and said: This is what we really need to have for America. Can you make sure it is paid for and make sure we can do it without a deficit? They assured us that we can.  I see Senator Baucus is here to speak. Of course, I repeat one more time how much I appreciate him and Senator Grassley for the work they have done so that this is a bill that is paid for, this is a bill that is not going to add to the deficit, and I want to make sure that people understand that.  By the way, the work they did has been ratified by the Joint Tax Committee. That is the proper body. They have said yes, they can come up with--actually, the amendment is $11.2 billion more in contract authority--they said they can do it and it is not going to add to the deficit; it is not going to be deficit spending.  Before we run out of time, I do wish to thank some other people. I will let Senator Jeffords and Senator Baucus thank their staff, but I just want to say I wish the American people really knew the hours that are put in on something like this. I am talking about all night long and many hours. I start with Ruth Van Mark, who has been with me for 17 years now. I know there have been many sleepless nights working on this bill; Andrew Wheeler, James O'Keefe, Nathan Richmond, Greg Murrill, Marty Hall, Angie Giancarlo, John Shanahan, Rudy Kapichak, James Gentry, Alex Herrgott, Dave Lungren, Alex Marx, and many more who put in countless hours.  But also on Senator Frist's staff, if you look back all during the consideration of this bill, we have had the help of Libby Jarvis, who is always there; Dave Schiappa has been there on a daily basis, Eric Ueland, Dan Dukes, Laura Dove; and the people from the Department of Transportation, who have been over here spending their hours on the Senate floor with us: Susan Binder, Edward Ross Crichton, who has done over 1,000 formula runs for us over the last 3 years. He will be glad when this thing is finally passed, I think; Dedra Goodman, Carolyn Edwards, Thomas Holian, Sue Anna Celini, and, of course, I thank the hard-working people of the legislative counsel because they have actually drafted this 1300-page bill and the hundreds of amendments. They include Carcie Chan, Heather Arpin, Michelle Johnson-Weider, Heather Burnham, and Gary Endicott.  Anyway, this has taken a lot of hours, a lot of years working on this. It is going to finally be a reality. I will just say we are going to have an amendment that will come up this afternoon, the Sessions amendment. I would suggest it is very important for people to understand that it would only cut contract authority, it has nothing do with spending more or less money. It is not going to have any effect on the deficit, and it is very important people understand that.  So it is a good bill, and I appreciate working with so many people on this so closely to make this come to the point where we are today.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.  