President, first of all, I thank the leader for allowing me to get in about 10 minutes to respond to some of the things said about the McCain-Lieberman legislation. First of all, I know how sincere both Senators McCain and Lieberman are. They deeply believe in their cause.  However, as chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I feel compelled to refute some of the things that have been said. So what I have done--and I think I can do this in a very short period of time--is look at some of the statements made and respond to them. Now, tomorrow, we will have enough time to get into a lot of details. I have charts I wish to show. I will give a full-blown presentation. For tonight, I will let my colleagues know there are a lot of things we should be looking at and not just assuming that everything that has been said is true. I know they believe it, but some of these things are not true.  First of all, the discussion on hurricanes--that hurricanes are going to be impacted in a way that will be detrimental and we are all going to blow away. Let's keep in mind that the same people who are talking about global warming and all of the catastrophic things are the same ones who were talking about gobal cooling about 25 years ago, saying that another ice age is coming, that we are all going to die. On hurricanes, according to Dr. Christopher Lansey, one of the foremost experts today on hurricanes, he said that hurricanes are going to continue to hit the United States on the Atlantic and gulf coast, and the damage will probably be more extensive than in the past, but this is due to natural climate cycles, which cause hurricanes to be stronger and more frequent and rising property prices on the coast, not because of any affect of CO2 emissions on weather. He goes on to say that it is determined that the total number of Atlantic hurricanes making landfall in the United States decreased from the normalized trend of U.S. hurricanes. The damage reveals a decreasing rate. In other words, they are decreasing. Finally, contrary to the belief--this is Dr. Christopher Lansey--reducing CO2 emissions will not lessen the impact of hurricanes.  We can say anything we want on the floor of the Senate. These are scientists. He says the best way to reduce the toll hurricanes will take on coastal communities is through adaptation and preparation. I believe that is true.  Second, they brought up the Arctic. I think when you look at some of the reports on the Arctic--I will quote from the report that was given before the Commerce Committee, Senator McCain's Committee, at that time. He said:       Arctic climate varies dramatically from one region to      another and, over time, in ways that cannot be accurately      reproduced by climate models. The quantitative impacts of      natural and anthropogenic factors remain highly uncertain,      especially for a region as complex as the Arctic. In contrast      to global and hemispheric temperatures, the maritime Arctic      temperature was higher in the 1930s through the early 1940s      than it was in the 1990s.  That contradicts everything that has been said about the Arctic. I will elaborate on this tomorrow.  It has been stated by one of the proponents of the McCain-Lieberman bill that there are modest costs involved. I will look at the impact. This is the CRA International analysis--not of S. 139 as it was before but as it has been pared down and supposedly will have less economic impact. They said that enacting McCain-Lieberman will cost the economy $507 billion in year 2020. Enacting McCain-Lieberman would mean a loss of 840,000 U.S. jobs in 2010. It will result in 1.306 million jobs in 2020. That is not just a domino effect. Enacting McCain-Lieberman would cost the average U.S. household up to $810 in 2020. The figure used before was $2,700 for the average family of four.  The NAS, a letter about the NAS, let's take a look at that. The National Academy of Sciences--and I will quote out of their report--said:       There is considerable uncertainty and current understanding      of how the climate system varies naturally and reacts to      emissions of greenhouse gases and aerosols.  Further quoting:       A casual linkage between the buildup of greenhouse gases      and the observed climate change in the 20th century cannot be      unequivocally established; thirdly, the IPCC--  That is the report of the International Panel on Climate Change of the United Nations.       Summary for policymakers could give an impression that the      science of global warming is settled, even though many      uncertainties still remain.  Again, that is the National Academy of Sciences.  The Senator from California brought up the hockey stick theory. I believe that deserves more time than we will have tonight. I plan on talking about this tomorrow because when Michael Mann came up with the whole hockey stick theory, he talked about projecting the temperatures over the period of time, until the 20th century came along, and then they went up and off the charts. What he neglected to say, I say to my friend from Connecticut, is that there was another blade to this hockey stick, and that was the blade there during the medieval warming period. It is pretty well established now that the temperatures during the medieval warming period were actually higher than they were during this century--the current blade he talks about. That is significant. We will have a chance to elaborate on that.  Finally, in the timeframe I have, I will say that when it is referred to that the Senator from Oklahoma will come up with some ``obscure'' scientist who might disagree, you are right, he will, because there are a lot of them out there who are pretty well educated. The Oregon Petition was made up of 17,800 scientists. I will quote from their report. They said:       There is no convincing scientific evidence that human      release of carbon dioxide, methane, or other greenhouse gases      is causing, or will in the foreseeable future cause,      catastrophic heating of the earth's atmosphere and disruption      of the earth's climate. Moreover, there is substantial      scientific evidence that increases in atmospheric carbon      dioxide produce many beneficial effects upon the natural      plant and animal environments of the earth.  I think we are going to have an opportunity--at least I will--to talk about many of the other scientists. At least we have to come to the conclusion that there are uncertainties out there. I think the people who try to say the science is settled believe that if they keep saying the same thing over and over again, people will believe it. Quite frankly, there is a very friendly media to the alarmists, those who want to believe there is a real serious problem that, No. 1, the climate is changing; and, No. 2, the changes are due to anthropogenic gases or manmade gases, when, in fact, the science is not settled.  I believe this is very important for people to realize. People might ask the question, If the science is not settled and if there is that much of an economic problem with this, then what could be motivating people to be so concerned about our signing on to the Kyoto treaty? Margot Wallstrom is the EU Environment Commissioner. She said that Kyoto is about the economy, about leveling the playing field for big business worldwide. Another hero to some, Jacques Chirac, had a lot to say when he weighed in. Talking about it has nothing to do with climate change, he said that Kyoto represents the first component of an authentic global governance.  There are people who are motivated by wanting to effect economic damage to our country. Tomorrow, we will have opportunity to cover in much more detail the fact that there is another side to this story.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burr). The senior Senator from Ohio.  Mr. DeWINE. What is the pending business?  