Section 1101 of the bill authorizes $283.9 billion in guaranteed spending and contract authority over a 6-year period. This level is consistent with levels adopted by the House and the White House. Subtracting authorizations for mass transit and safety and funding for fiscal year 2004, the bill provides $191 billion for maintenance and improvement to the Nation's roads and bridges over the 5-year period from fiscal year 2005 through 2009.  Let us keep in mind that this was essentially the same bill at a different funding level than we had a year ago this week, I believe. So we already have a year behind us. What we have done for this statement is to say what is there other than what has already been used for the first year, fiscal year 2005, and also mass transit and safety.  The link between a robust economy and a strong transportation infrastructure is undeniable. The movement of people and goods is one of the foremost indicators of a growing economy and job creation. At this point, we need to recognize that people have been concerned--were concerned a few years ago--about the economy, and we are recognizing that this administration actually inherited a recession and we are coming out of it now. But there is no single thing we could do that would provide more jobs and more economic activity. I suggest to the President that for each 1-percent increase in economic activity, it provides an additional 47,000 jobs. So do the math and we can see what a great boon this would be.  The bill before us today recognizes the realities of available revenues without the need for increasing gas taxes. It is designed to make the most of every available dollar for better and safer roads, while creating thousands of new jobs.  It probably is anticipated that there will be amendments to increase this amount. I anticipate there may be an amendment by the chairman and the ranking member of the Finance Committee, Senator Grassley and Senator Baucus, and if not them then somebody else would probably do it. When this happens, they would, of course, be in a position to come up with the amount of money that would be necessary.  One of the things I commented about last year is that we were always within the amount of money that we could identify--in other words, the amount of money that was anticipated coming in from Federal revenues from gas purchases, along with other areas we could identify.  The total obligation authorized in this bill is $188 billion for a period from fiscal year 2005 to 2009.  In addition to the increases in funding for the overall program, the bill makes important changes to the apportionments of a few specific programs. Under TEA-21, which we adopted 7 years ago, the administrative expenses for the Federal Highway Administration were funded as a takedown from the various core programs. This bill recognizes the separate importance of costs associated with the administration of the overall highway program. Therefore, the bill funds Federal Highway Administration expenses at its own separate apportionment protecting the autonomy of the individual core programs and the administrative fund itself.  Of the amount designated for program administration, the Secretary of Transportation is also given the authority to transfer an appropriate amount to the administrative expenses of the Appalachian Highway Development System.  As a result of the 2000 census, 46 new metropolitan planning organizations, known as MPOs, have been established throughout the country and are now eligible for Federal transportation planning funding. To respond to this expanded need, we have increased the program set-asides for MPOs from 1 percent under TEA-21 to up to 1\1/2\ percent. This, along with the overall increase in program funds, will help to address the growing transportation planning needs.  Section 1104 is the equity bonus section. TEA-21 used the minimum guarantee calculation to guarantee that States receive back at least 90.5 percent of their percentage contributed to the highway trust fund. This is very significant. It has become quite controversial. Last week and this week we have talked for several hours on this bill about the various donor States. My State of Oklahoma has always been a donor State, since the programs began. I can remember that donor amount was 75 percent; that is to say, each State was guaranteed to get back 75 percent of the money that was sent in. Slowly that has crept up and it is currently at 90.5 percent.  Had we passed the bill that we had in conference last year--the bill that we sent to conference had $318 billion of authorization--then we would have everybody at the end of this 6-year period up to 95 percent. So it would have gone from 90.5 percent to 95 percent.  The minimum guarantee program is driven by a political distribution known as the 1104 table. The bill replaces the old minimum guarantee program and the 1104 table with a new equity bonus program that ensures a percentage return to States of 92 percent in each of the fiscal years 2005 through 2009.  At this point we can say it is very complicated, but the equity bonus program is just what it states: it is an equity program. The program does away with the table in TEA-21 which determined each State's percentage share of the total highway program. Rather than have a State's return be set by a politically driven table, the equitybonus program determines each State's return by first relying on the program distribution of formulas.  This is not the easy way of doing it; this is the hard way of doing it. I am sure Senator Jeffords joins me in saying it would be a lot easier to have a minimum guarantee for any State, work out their deal, make 60 Members of the Senate happy, and walk away. That would have been done a long time ago if we decided to do it that way. But that is not equitable, and I think that is the wrong way to do business.  In fact, I say to people who criticize this bill saying it has pork in it, there are only two projects in the entire bill. The bill before us right now in the form of a substitute only has two projects in it. That is not the case over in the other body. They have several hundred projects. It has been my philosophy, and I think it is shared by the ranking minority, that the closer one gets to home, the better these decisions are.  If we can determine an equitable formula, which I believe we have done, we can send it back to the States and let the local people make the determinations as to how that is going to be spent. Now, a lot of people in Washington do not agree with that. A lot of them think if the decision is not made in Washington, it is not a good decision. I believe we are doing it the right way.  The equity bonus calculation identifies a justifiable nexus in equity between the underlying formulas and responsible balanced growth for donor and donee States alike. If a State fails to reach the minimum return in any year based on the formulas, that State would receive an equity bonus apportionment in addition to their formula funds to bring them up to the required level.  While we allow the formulas to work under the new equity bonus program, we also recognize there would be some inequities if we allowed the formulas to be the sole factor in distributing dollars to the States. In order to increase the minimum rate of return for donor States while ensuring an equitable transition of donee States, rates of return are subject to an annual growth ceiling to smooth out the phase-in of increased minimum returns. This accomplishes two goals. First, it keeps the cost of the equity bonus program affordable; secondly, it ensures that donee States are still able to grow so no States grow less than 10 percent over their TEA-21 levels. Everyone is guaranteed an increase from their own levels, at least 10 percent.  There is a cap on equity bonus. No State may receive a portion more than a specific percentage of their average portion received under TEA-21. So you have two caps--a floor and a ceiling. That helps the formulas work.  There is a special rule to protect States with population densities less than 20 persons per square mile, a population of less than 1 million, a median household income of less than $35,000, or a State with a fatality rate during 2002 on the interstate highways greater than 1 fatality per 100 million vehicle miles traveled.  We said a lot in one paragraph. It shows the complications of a formula. First, we have to take care of the States that do not have a population. Look at Montana, Wyoming, some of the sparsely populated States. They still have to have roads. Second, we have said for the States that might have a lower per capita income, they can be considered poverty States, so there is a consideration. My State of Oklahoma is in a different situation than many other States and we would benefit from that. Or a State with a fatality rise during 2002. It is absolutely necessary to have part of the formula attributed to a consideration for money being made to States where the fatality rate is higher than average. That takes us through several of the sections.  At this point, if there are any Senators who would like to offer amendments, I encourage them to come to the Chamber and offer amendments, at the end of which time we will continue to go through the bill section by section.  I yield the floor.  