President, to begin, let me assure my colleague that as chairman of the Environmental and Public Works Committee, I am fully aware of how important this issue is to his State of Arizona. His State's current allocation under the Clean Water Act is well below the State's proportional need.  As my colleague knows, the EPW Committee has for the past two Congresses passed legislation to reauthorize the Clean Water and Drinking Water SRFs. In those bills, the committee also rewrote the clean water formula. My colleagues Senators Jeffords, Chafee and Clinton and I are working on a new proposal and feel confident that unlike our previous efforts, this bill will be enacted into law.  My State of Oklahoma would get more money under the Kyl formula than under the current allocation. I would like to support your amendment because it brings more dollars home to Oklahoma. However, all States need more water infrastructure money as their systems age and struggle to meet the ever-growing list of Federal regulations. There is a significant nationwide shortage of funds that is affecting all States.  Given current Federal appropriations, there is simply no way to rewrite the formula so that all States win. If we change the formula, without reauthorizing the State Revolving Loan Funds, some States will have to lose money. In order to assure that each State receives sufficient funds to run an effective program, we need to enact water infrastructure legislation which raises the authorization level for this important program while also addressing the formula. The committee's long-term goal is to keep everyone whole because all States need more money not less. I hope all of my colleagues who care strongly about the Kyl amendment will rally around the bill that we hope to pass out of committee next month.  The committee will do as the Senate promised Senator Kyl during the 107th Congress and pass another formula. We will put forth a proposal that minimizes the pain to those States that will see their clean water funding cut while providing modest increases to other States. We will continue to work to increase the authorization to this important program so that the needs of all States can be met.  I appreciate my colleague's willingness to withdraw his amendment and allow the committee to do its work.  