President, I want to make a couple of observations. I happen to be one of the very first Members of the Senate to go down after Katrina to Louisiana and Mississippi. In fact, actually, we went all the way from New Orleans to Alabama in a helicopter. The devastation that took place is incredible. It reminded me a little bit of the tornadoes we have seen in Oklahoma. The difference is a tornado normally will affect about 5 square miles as opposed to a couple thousand square miles.  I certainly wouldn't want anything that I say to imply that we are not deeply sympathetic to the problems of the people of Louisiana and Mississippi, and to a lesser degree in Alabama. But I have to observe, as I have been listening to this debate, that you can always pour more money on a problem. This is something we have seen in government forever.  The Senator from Montana outlined a lot of things on which we need to spend more money, as did many others over here. You can always do that. I would question whether it is the Federal Government's responsibility to take care of everything that happens when a disaster occurs. We didn't expect that in Oklahoma, and I don't think it should be expected. For one thing, we couldn't do it.  The other day, there was an op-ed piece by the senior Senator from Alaska, Mr. Ted Stevens. He talked about the 1964 earthquake and the devastation. He actually had to go out and repair his own house and do a lot of this work, and not even 10 percent of that was taken care of by the Federal Government. We have a mindset now that somehow the Federal Government has deep enough pockets to take care of all of these problems. Frankly, it is just not right.  It is not true. You can't have it. We are going to have to get a handle on this thing, and I want to help.  I can say them in a relatively short period of time. I have been working on a solution to this problem with an amendment for quite some time. I have actually wanted to offer it previously on appropriations bills. But to do that, I would have to initiate a program of negating paragraph 4 of rule XVI of the rules. I don't think that is appropriate. It has been done three times in the last couple of weeks by three of the Democrat Senators. I don't criticize them for it, but I think if I do this on the Republican side it would be the first time that procedure would have been exercised, and it would not be appropriate.  Last Thursday or Friday, toward the end of the week, I had a colloquy on the floor with Senator Frist, and we specifically discussed bringing up the amendment that I have in mind on the budget reconciliation bill. I am notnaive. It could be that there will be a budget point of order against it. It doesn't really make any difference. We are going to get a vote on this bill.  This is a very simple solution to a very complex problem. I understand a bill is going to be introduced which is going to eliminate all earmarks. That sounds real good. There is a big population out there that thinks this is going to solve the problem. But it doesn't solve the problem.  I mentioned this the other day when my junior Senator brought up a bill to do away with a bridge up in Alaska. I said: Look, you are looking at something where one of the few things that really works well in Washington is the way we handle the Transportation bill. What we do is determine by a formula that no one thinks is fair. Because you always want more in your own State, you take into consideration highway mortalities, the number of road miles, the donee status, and then you come up with a formula. That formula will allocate to the States an amount of money. This money, I might add, is money that has been paid in taxes at the pumps so that it goes to improving our transportation system. When you do this, if you send that to the States and they say, all right, you in the States determine the priorities that you have in the State of Florida, or in the State of New Hampshire, what do you think is the proper thing? That is either done by the elected representatives or by the local people.  In my State of Oklahoma, we have the transportation commission with eight commissioners in eight geographic areas of the State. They prioritize projects, and it is done very well.  With have earmarks to lock in these projects. That can be done, and these decisions are made locally.  There is a mentality in Washington that if a decision is not made in Washington, it is not a good decision. It is a little bit arrogant to say, Yes, the money has gone out to these States, but we in our wisdom do not think it should be spent on those projects that they think it should be spent on in this State--in this case, the State of Alaska, the well-known bridge, so-called Bridge to Nowhere, when, in fact, that bridge was a bridge that was for economic development, according to the Alaska Department of Transportation. They said out of 100 projects, that was No. 4 from the top because they want to develop that area and they cannot develop the area because people cannot get to the area. I am not sure whether I agree with that, but I don't care; that was their decision, not our decision in Washington to make.  If we were to pass a bill to eliminate all earmarks--it is not going to save money in the Transportation bill; almost all of that was below the line in formulas--all it would say is if you eliminate that earmark, then you are going to have to go back and decide what you want to spend that money on. The money is not going to be saved. The money is going to still go to some projects, but we will have dictated that from Washington, DC. I am not saying this critically, because some of my closest friends and good conservatives believe if you eliminate earmarks, you will resolve a problem. You are not going to resolve it.  But there is a way to do it. I have a very simple amendment that will do that. The White House has been looking at ways to cut unnecessary spending. The White House, to their credit, proposed a package of $2.3 billion in cuts. On October 24, 2005, Scott McClelland briefed the press regarding the White House's efforts, stating that certainly an area we have been looking at is rescinding spending increases, and congressional leadership has been looking at this for a long time.  There is a simple solution to this. I have a one-sentence amendment that I will offer to the reconciliation bill. A lot of people think you have to get long and involved verbiage before you can do something good. When I was in the House in 1994 on the issue that ended up being considered the greatest single reform in the history of the House of Representatives, that was my amendment. It was one sentence. You do not have to have long, complicated sentences.  I will read the one sentence that is in this amendment. I know one of the cosponsors of this is the Presiding Officer. It says:       Beginning with fiscal year 2007 and thereafter, all      nondefense nontrust fund discretionary spending shall not      exceed the previous fiscal year's levels without a two-thirds      vote.  Why a two-thirds vote? Something like Katrina comes along, something that is unanticipated, sure, two-thirds of the people may decide we should do something. That is not going to happen very often.  Let me be a little bit partisan because I have heard a statement--not a misquote but certainly taken out of context--one of the Republican Senators saying that all Senators are big spenders; they are all big spenders equally.  Frankly, that just is not right. Yet we do have a solution to this problem. I will show that spending is a partisan issue. This chart shows the Democrat amendments we have seen so far. I can update this. The bottom line is that it is $530 billion--half a trillion--for these Democrat amendments. They are from Senators Bingaman, Stabenow, Byrd, Akaka, Harkin, Kennedy, Dayton, Dorgan, Biden, Clinton. It goes on and on. These are amendments that were offered. These are amendments that were defeated--most of them. All the amendments were considered. If you add up all those amendments by the Democrats in this Senate, that is what you get--half a trillion. If you carry that out to the end of a 10-year period, it is over $1 trillion. Those are specific amendments offered.  We stood in the Senate a few minutes ago and listened to several Senators talk about how much more money we should be spending on these programs. We are going to hear it. I am sure tonight and tomorrow we will hear it. Nonetheless, that is a fact. My solution will not get into entitlements. That will be addressed with reconciliation. There are other ways of doing that.  Of course, right now the defense spending will have to stay up because we went down in our defense spending during the 1990s. We have to rebuild the military. We all understand. I believed the primary top functions that should be performed by Government would be national defense and infrastructure.  In the case of infrastructure, that is money people have paid. That is a moral issue. Most people believe that when they pay the high taxes at the pumps, somehow that will get into building roads and repairing roads. It should. Unfortunately, the highway trust fund has been robbed. The aviation trust fund and other trust funds have been robbed. They need to be kept intact.  However, this very simple solution is one that should pass this Senate. Because of a procedural vote, it might be a budget point of order and need 60 votes to pass. However, if you look at what many of my colleagues on the Democrat side have said--Senator Biden said specifically on more spending cuts:       If I had designed a deficit reduction plan, I would have      done it differently.  Senator Dorgan says that we need to provide spending cuts in a significant manner.  Senator Feingold says:       We also need to continue to cut spending in Federal      programs . . .  Senator Levin stated how we need to cut spending. The last thing he says in the 1993 reconciliation, the same thing we are talking about today:       Discretionary spending is frozen for 5 years.  He advocated freezing discretionary spending. That is exactly what my amendment does.  It says:       Beginning with fiscal year 2007 and thereafter, all      nondefense nontrust fund discretionary spending shall not      exceed the previous fiscal year's level without a two-thirds      of majority vote.  It is very simple, cut and dry, something that can pass. And there will be a vote on this, whether it is a procedural vote or a vote on the content. I hope those individuals who have a more complicated approach to this will recognize this is something that is doable.  I have had the unfortunate experience this year of trying to find every bill that comes up that is over either the budget or last year's spending, and I have opposed that because this is the only way we will get this back in order.  I recognize this is a time when we are going to have deficits. The Americanpeople understand that. We do know we had a rebuilding job to do in the military. Then along came September 11, and we are in the middle of a war. We have to prosecute this war. Then Katrina and some of the other disasters have taken place. We recognize these are difficult times. This is one area in discretionary spending that we can do something.  I look forward to getting a vote on this.  