President, as the senior Senator from Nebraska said, today, June 14, is the 230th birthday of the U.S. Army.  Although we commend the service of the men and women of all branches, Active Duty and Reserve components, on this day the Senate Army Caucus, which I cochair with my colleague, Senator Akaka, particularly celebrates the soldiers of the U.S. Army as they answer the Nation's call to duty.  These brave men and women are giving something back to their country every day through the sacrifices they and their families make. Mr. President, 230 years ago, the Army was established to defend our Nation. Today, its mission remains the same as throughout the Army's history. America's soldiers have always answered the call to end tyranny, free the oppressed, and light the path to democracy.  As citizens and lawmakers, we appreciate our freedoms and our inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. But we know our freedoms are not free and should not be taken for granted. The men and women of the Army and the other branches of the Armed Forces shoulder the load of being on freedom's frontier, defending our very way of life.  On this day, it would be easy for us as citizens of this great Nation to take for granted our God-given rights. In our daily routines, we all too often overlook the selfless commitment the American soldier is making to protect our national interests and freedoms around the globe in over 120 countries. Each mission is contributing to our safety and well-being here at home. For this reason, we should remember that June 14 is the day the U.S. Army was established and celebrates its birthday.  The men and women serving in the U.S. Army embody the ideals set forth in the Soldier's Creed and Warrior Ethos. They have the unwavering belief that they will be victorious in whatever they do. This belief stems from knowing that the American people support them, and from the confidence they have in their leaders at every level. They are well equipped and well led, and they will perform their sacred duty. Just listen to these words our soldiers live by every day:       I will always place the mission first.       I will never accept defeat.       I will never quit.       I will never leave a fallen comrade.  It is kind of interesting. Many years ago, I served in the U.S. Army. It is the same thing we said at that time. We have been living those words not just since the time I was in the Army but for 230 years. Both Senator Akaka and I, the cochairmen of the Senate Army Caucus, were soldiers in the U.S. Army. The principles we learned then--the timeless principles of discipline, pride, integrity, honor, and sacrifice--have helped guide us throughout our lives. They still characterize the Army today.  So on behalf of Senator Akaka and the rest of the Senate Army Caucus, Iwish the U.S. Army a happy 230th birthday.  I yield the floor.  