President, we have talked about this issue several times before. The distinguished Senator from Virginia has very strong beliefs. Those beliefs are shared by the ranking minority member and by several members of our committee. This amendment was added in committee. It is one I voted against at the time. I did oppose it. However, I know there are very strong feelings about it and I want to make sure everybody gets to be heard, and I am sure we will end up with a rollcall vote. I would only make a couple of comments.  There are flexible provisions in the underlying bill that will help States address their storm water needs and maintain their ability to determine how to spend these limited dollars. For that reason I had felt a mandatory 2-percent set-aside in this bill was not necessary.  Currently, States are allowed to use their STP funds for environmental enhancements which include a variety of projects, including storm water mitigation. Our bill gives States the option to use STP and NHS money for storm water mitigation. Our bill allows those States that wish to use highway money to address storm water runoff and help communities comply with phase 1 and 2 on clean water runoff to do so.  I think probably one of the reasons for my opposition to this is I spent 4 terms as mayor of a major city, Tulsa, OK. I have always been a strong believer that the closer you get to home, the better the decisions are. In other words, the idea that somehow Washington knows more about my State of Oklahoma than the people in my State of Oklahoma is something I have disagreed with.  If this amendment should be agreed to and the bill should become law, if we in the State of Oklahoma want to spend 2 percent or even more of our money for this purpose, we can do it. But if we have other priorities that are greater, as determined by those of us in Oklahoma, then I think that should take precedence.  For that reason I will respectfully support this amendment. I am sure there will be more discussion on it later on.  I am sure the ranking minority member will agree with me, we do not want to do anything further other than hear debate until Senator Warner, whose provision it was that was put in the bill in committee, has ample time to debate it and to come to the floor and try to work out any compromises he may be successful in working out with the author of the amendment, Senator Bond.  With that, let me renew our appeal to Members to come down with their amendments. I am glad we are finally getting some activity here, some amendments coming down. It is very important we move on with this bill. We have several pages of amendments. I know a lot of these amendments are going to be agreed to in a managers' amendment we will be propounding before too long. There are some that will have to be fought out on the floor. It is my desire, and I am sure the desire of the ranking minority member, that we get on with these amendments. I have been here long enough to know what is going to happen. We are going to have all day today to handle amendments, and tomorrow. People are not going to bring them down. Then when something happens or when cloture is filed, everyone is going to get hysterical and say, Why didn't I have time to offer my amendment?  You may not have time. We are serving warning to you right now, that could happen. Now there is time and we encourage you to come down. This amendment under discussion now, which the Senator from Indiana has graciously set aside--it is his amendment--is one that will be controversial and I suspect there will be many members on the minority side of our committee who want to be heard. I think they were unanimous in supporting Senator Warner in the committee at that time.  We hope those people will come down and get the debate out of the way so we can proceed with this amendment and with any other amendments that come to the floor. Let's keep in mind, as I said yesterday on more than one occasion, what will happen if we are not successful in getting this bill passed. We are on our sixth extension. The extensions do not work. Our money is not well spent. People are dying on the highways. There are things that are happening that will not happen unless we pass this bill. Without an extension there is not going to be any chance to improve the donor status. My State is a donor State. I remember when it was 75 percent as a guarantee to come back to the States for money paid into the highway trust fund, revenues that were collected in my State of Oklahoma. Now it is up to 90.5 percent. If we had been successful with the bill last year, it would have been 95 percent.  Senator Jeffords and I did everything we could to get our bill passed. We are going to try to make that happen this time. But for those States that are concerned about their donor status, they better be lining up and supporting this. We do not know in conference what is going to come out in terms of a number, but we do know this: Donor status of 90.5 percent will at least go up to 91 or 92 percent. So they are going to be better off, but not if we operate on an extension. If we operate on an extension, we are not going to have any new safety core programs.  They call this SAFETEA. I know there is an effort by the chairman of the committee in the other body to rename it TEALU. I do not have a real problem with that. But it is a safety bill. We have many safety provisions, core programs that respond to the thousands of deaths each year on our roadways. If we go on extensions, we are not going to make any of these safety provisions a reality.  If we go on extensions instead of a bill, there is not going to be any new streamlining. In fact, some of the current obstacles in helping us to get roads built and bridges improved can be corrected, but they can only be corrected if we are able to pass this bill. If we operate on extensions, there is no increased ability to use innovative financing, thereby giving the States more tools.  This is something that is so important. Ever since the Eisenhower administration, we haven't changed the way we fund our road program. There are a lot of ideas out there where we could use the public-private partnership to build more roads and bridges. In fact, we have in this bill a provision that establishes a commission to study various ways, innovative ways to change the way we finance our roads, highways, bridges, and infrastructure in America. But if we are on an extension, if we do not pass this bill, we are not going to be able to do that.  We have one provision in here, Safe Routes to School, which is one I felt strongly about, but I was not the leader on it. There are several on our committee as well as over on the House side. As I recall, this is one of the programs Congressman Oberstar felt very strongly about. If we operate on an extension, we are not going to have the Safe Routes to School Program. We could have deaths of young people as a result of our failure to act. That is why this is so important.  Certainty in planning: On an extension, there is no certainty. You think we are going to get the same amount of money that was already authorized previously, but nothing else has changed. We don't know what is going to happen next year. We don't know whether we are going to have a bill that will be passed a month from now or 2 months from now or a year from now. Therefore, there is no long-range planning that can take place.  I served in the State legislature in Oklahoma many years ago. I know when you start planning for the futureyou have to plan for your contract season. It is not as severe in Oklahoma as it is in Vermont or some of the Northern States, but certainly these things have to be considered. We have to have our labor supply ready to absorb, to be able to accommodate a heavy schedule of construction, so we need to be able to plan for that.  In this bill we have a border program, Borders and Corridors. It is very important we do these to accommodate the States such as Texas, California, Arizona, and other border States along the northern border, to help them out with that program. Without this bill we are not going to be able to do that.  There are chokepoints. A lot of people think of the highway bill as just highways. This is intermodal transportation. It affects railroad crossings. Our State of Oklahoma is a State that has a channel. It comes all the way to my town of Tulsa, OK. A lot of people don't know that. We know there are chokepoints where barge traffic will come up; it will go to rail traffic; it will go to truck traffic. This bill addresses intermodal transportation and eliminates chokepoints.  Finally, we have the firewalls. What has bothered me more over the years than anything else I can think of is how people will raid trust funds. Politicians in State legislatures--it has happened here in Washington--when no one is looking and there is a large surplus in some trust fund, what do they do with a large surplus, I ask Senator Jeffords? They run in there and they raid it. Consequently there are no real protections under an extension. But we do have protections in the bill that is before you.  I have every confidence--I don't want to sound as though I am doubting whether we are going to have a bill. But we need to pass it in time to get it to conference, back from conference, get it voted on, and in law by May 31. That is getting very close.  In the Senate we will be going into a recess next week. We will not be here for 7 days. It is my expectation as soon as we get back, we will be in a position to finish this bill, get it to conference, and meet this deadline.  I know I speak on behalf of our minority member, the ranking member, the Democratic member on the committee, Senator Jeffords, in urging people to come down and offer their amendments.  