 Mr. President, I have always enjoyed one-sentence amendments because one can't misinterpret one sentence. I had one the other day that had to do with the appropriations process. I did one in 1994 that ended up being a major, significant reform in the other body.  I will read this so people don't misunderstand it:       The superintendent of a service academy may have in effect      such policy as the superintendent considers appropriate with      respect to the offering of a voluntary, nondenominational      prayer at an otherwise authorized activity of the academy. .      . .  Some people asked a question about denominational prayer. Let me share with you--and I think I can read it in this period of time--an entire piece by John Adams. John Adams was the first Vice President of the United States and the second President of the United States. This is what he said on this subject:       When the Congress met, Mr. Cushing made a motion that it      should be opened with prayer. It was opposed by Mr. Jay of      New York and Mr. Rutledge of South Carolina, because we were      divided in religious sentiments, some Episcopalians, some      Quakers, some Anabaptists, some Congregationalists, so that      we could not join in same set of worship. Mr. Samuel Adams      rose and said, that he was no bigot, and could hear a prayer      of any gentleman of piety and virtue, and at the same time a      friend to his country. He was a stranger in Philadelphia, but      had heard that Mr. Duche deserved that character and      therefore he moved that Mr. Duche, an Episcopalian clergyman,      might be desired to read prayer to Congress to-morrow      morning. The motion was carried in the affirmative.       Accordingly he . . . read several prayers in the      established form, and then read . . . the 35th Psalm. You      must remember this was the next morning after we had heard      the rumor of the horrible cannonade of Boston. It seemed as      if Heaven had ordained that Psalm to be read that morning.       After this, Mr. Duche, unexpectedly to everybody, struck      out into extemporary prayer, which filled the bosom of every      man present.       Here was a scene worthy of a painter's art. It was in      Carpenter's Hall, in Philadelphia. . . . Washington was      kneeling there, and Henry, and Randolph, and Rutledge, and      Lee, and Jay; and by them stood, bowed in reverence, the      Puritan patriots of New England, who, at that moment had      reason to believe that armed soldiery was wasting their      humbled households. It was believed that Boston had been      bombarded and destroyed. They prayed fervently for America,      for Congress. . . .  I think that is very significant.  I read an article the other day that was very interesting. It was an article by a military historian who said that the Revolutionary War could not have been won. He goes back and talks about the same thing that John Adams was talking about, about this tremendous army, the greatest military force on the face of this Earth marching up to Lexington and Concord. Our soldiers at that time were not really soldiers; they were hunters and trappers, and they were armed with just basic and crude equipment. We remember the story that most of them couldn't read or write.  So in training, I say to my friend from Texas, they put a tuft of hay in one boot and a tuft of straw in another boot, and they marched to a cadence of ``hay foot straw foot.'' As they stood there and heard the ground shaking as the greatest army on the face of this Earth approached Lexington and Concord, they knew by resisting they were signing their own death warrant. They knew when they heard the shot heard round the world they were going to win in spite of these odds, not even knowing that a tall redhead stood in the House of Burgesses and made a speech for them and for us today, when he asked: How could this frail group of patriots defeat the largest army on the face of this Earth? He made a very famous speech, but there are three sentences people have forgotten. They are:       Sir, we are not weak if we make a proper use of those means      which the God of nature has placed in our power. Three      millions of people armed in the holy cause of liberty, and in      such a country as that which we possess, are invincible by      any force which our enemy can send against us. Besides, sir,      we shall not fight our battles alone. There is a just God who      presides over the destinies of nations, and who will raise up      friends to fight our battles for us.  And they fired the shot heard round the world, and we won.  We were a nation under God, and we depended upon God to win that fight and every fight since then. That is why I think it is so important today, as a part of this reauthorization bill, that we reaffirm our ability to train our people at our academies to look to Almighty God in the way they deem appropriate, in a way to use that power to defend America in their careers.  I retain the remainder of my time, Mr. President. I understand there is 3 minutes remaining.  