President, one of the comments was made by I believe it was Senator Thune about the extensions. Let me make sure we all understand because this is very significant. We have been operating on extensions, and when we operate on extensions we cannot plan in advance. This bill has more provisions in it affecting safety, streamlining, and other factors than any bill of the four that I have been exposed to in reauthorization.  In the event we were to have to go ahead on another extension, there would be no chance of improvement on the donor State of return. In other words, donor State of return is going to stay at 90.5. It is not going to improve. If we were going on an extension as opposed to passing this new authorization bill, there would be no new safety core program to help the States respond to the thousands of deaths each year on our roadways.  I would say to the Senator from Vermont, this is a life-or-death type of a bill before us because more people are going to die if we do not pass the bill, if we just operate on extensions.  If we just do the extensions, there will be no real streamlining of environmental reviews, so critical projects will still be subject to avoidable delay. We see events that do not make any common sense in terms of how many miles can be paved per dollar. We have obstacles that are in the way. We have addressed those obstacles, and it has not been easy.  The Democrats and Republicans on this committee had to give and take. Frankly, there are some provisions in this bill I do not like too well, and I suggest to the Senator from Vermont there are a few he does not like, but one of the major things I think has to be done before we start any meaningful construction in America is to have these streamlining provisions. If we do not have a bill, if we go on with extensions, there will be no increased ability to use the innovative financing, thereby giving States more tools to advance. We are talking about public and private partnerships. We have been building roads the same way now for many years.  I have been notified that the time on our side has expired, and I ask unanimous consent that we be given an opportunity to share the minority time to whatever extent the Senator would like to give us.  