President, let me go ahead and conclude.  First, I have a great deal of respect for the Senator from North Dakota, but I disagree with him. Let me point out a couple of things that I believe are not correct.  The Senator from North Dakota said a lot of these amendments were dealing with the same thing. They are not. If you look at them, each one has a subject matter. They are not dealing with the same thing. Secondly, he said they are offset. I would ask the Senator from North Dakota if he can name one that is offset. You can't because these are not offset. The budget analysts said all of these were not offset amendments. They were amendments that were offered, and they were offered by Democrats. And when you add up all the money that is in these amendments that they have offered--I believe most of these were rejected--it would have been an additional half-trillion dollars. It is very clear they are offered by the Democratic Senators.  I started off my remarks by saying we are in a unique situation now. Fortunately, the recession is behind us now. That is not a factor. But this President had to rebuild a military. Then 9/11 came. He had to get involved in a war. Then we had a couple of disasters that were almost unprecedented. I said at the beginning of my remarks, this is not something we can handle in 1 year or even maybe 2 years. But nonetheless, we have to do something specific to get into this thing and to get this thing done, and there is a way of doing it without overly complicating it. That is my amendment.  I would like to also respond to the Senator from North Dakota in his statement about tax cuts. I agree with the Senator from Iowa; they say over and over again that we want to have tax cuts, as if you are cutting revenues when this happens. There was a very great President of the United States that was elected in 1960. His name was John Kennedy. John Kennedy, in 1962, said--and these are his exact words; I don't have to read it because I memorized it: We have serious problems in this country. We are going to have to increase revenue. If you want to increase revenue, then you have to reduce marginal rates, and that will happen. He reduced marginal rates and, sure enough, the revenues did increase.  Then along came President Reagan in 1980. President Reagan started the 8-year period that had the greatest marginal rate tax cuts of any 8-year period in the history of America. If you take the total amount of money and add up the marginal tax rates in 1980, it was $244 billion. In 1990, it was $466 billion and almost doubled in that decade that was the greatest number of tax cuts in the history of this country. I know Democrats don't like to cut taxes. But you can increase revenue by cutting taxes, we have proven over and over again. It happened after World War I. It happened during the Kennedy administration. It happened during the Reagan administration, and it has already happened during the Bush 2 administration.  We can sit around and talk about these things. The bottom line is, if we want to do something about it, there is going to be a vote. You will have a chance to register your belief as to whether or not you want to do something about the deficit. It has already been suggested there will be a budget point of order. That is fine with me. That means there has to be 60, instead of a majority, to get it passed. At least at that time, when that vote takes place, the American people will know who in this Chamber is serious about reducing the deficit, about cutting spending.  With that, Mr. President, that is the argument I make on my amendment. I look forward to getting a vote at the appropriate time, whether it is a vote on my amendment or a vote on a budget point of order.  I yield the floor.  