President, yesterday, we had a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee where we had testify the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Myers; we had General Casey, who is in charge of the battles that are taking place over there in Iraq at this time; we had General Abizaid, and we had Secretary Rumsfeld.  About that time, we learned that, at the behest of the ACLU, a Federal judge in New York by the name of Alvin Hellerstein has ordered the Government to release more pictures of the Abu Ghraib abuse. This is despite the fact that General Myers said if you do this, it will cost American lives. Apparently, Hellerstein missed the Newsweek Koran debacle, where 15 people were killed immediately after a bogus report by that publication, Newsweek, inciting impulsive violence that is done on a case-by-case basis.  I think sooner or later we are going to have to do something about it, try to at least do all we can to make the American people aware of the bias we have in the media.  I have had occasion, since I am on the Armed Services Committee, to probably be over in Iraq more than anyone else. On one trip, the Presiding Officer was with me. All of us who have been over there will remember that every time we arrive the first thing the troops say to us is: Why is it the American people don't understand what we are doing? Don't they realize our country is under the greatest threat it has ever had throughout its history? And don't they understand the resolve we have and the fact that we know we are risking our lives? And I say to them: They do know it, in spite of the fact that the media is wrong.  There is a lieutenant colonel by the name of Tim Ryan. He was in the 1st Calvary in Iraq. He actually led a group into Fallujah. I am going to read one quote he made. He finally could not take it any longer. He said:       The inaccurate picture they paint [talking about the media]      has distorted the world view of the daily realities in Iraq.      The result is a further erosion of international support for      the United States' efforts there, and a strengthening of the      insurgents' resolve and recruiting efforts while weakening      our own. Through their incomplete, uninformed and unbalanced      reporting, many members of the media covering the war in Iraq      are aiding and abetting the enemy.  They are aiding and abetting the enemy. And to have this thing revived on the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse--by the way, I have to say this: Long before the public was even made aware of it, the military had gone in, taken the necessary precautions, and had prosecuted those who were guilty. That was done long before this came out in public.  Now, as far as the war is concerned, I think it is very important for people to know we are being very victorious in the areas. It is a tough asymmetrical type of threat, an enemy we have never had before.  But I would suggest that on one of the trips when I went there, we spentthe entire time in the Sunni Triangle. The Sunnis are supposed to be the ones who do not like us. I can recall a general in Fallujah who at one time had been the brigade commander for Saddam Hussein. He hated Americans. Then, when he became the brigade commander for the Iraqi security forces, he started embedded training with our Marines. He became so affectionately involved with our marines that he looked me in the eyes and said: When they rotated me out, I cried. He loves Americans now. He loves the freedoms we are bringing to that country. He is joining in that fight.  Do you ever hear about this in the media? No, you do not hear about it.  At the same time, I was in Tikrit. Tikrit is the home of Saddam Hussein. At that time, I think most of us remember, the training headquarters in Tikrit for the Iraqi security forces was blown up, and there were 40 either killed or seriously injured. Those were all Iraqis. For every Iraqi who was killed or injured, their family replaced that Iraqi trainee with another member of their family. Do you hear about that in the media? No, you do not hear about that in the media.  I can remember being in a Black Hawk helicopter, going some 50 feet off the ground, all throughout the Sunni Triangle, over almost every square foot, and seeing the kids down there. Something people do not realize is how close our troops have become to these people. A lot of times, when you send candy and cookies to your troops, you think they are eating them and all that. Do you know what they are doing? They are repackaging them, putting them in small packages, and when they go over an area in helicopters, they throw the packages down to the kids below. Those kids in the Sunni Triangle are waving American flags and jumping up and down and cheering. But you do not see that from the media.  I have to say, I do appreciate the fact that Bill O'Reilly, last night, did draw the public's attention to this judge who is wanting to release more pictures of prisoner abuse. But I am critical of Bill O'Reilly because he said no one in Congress wants to do anything about it. No one wants to touch it. I want to remind him--and in doing so, I am not going to talk about what I did--but back in February of 2004, I did complain about the fact that we were doing a great disservice to our troops by giving the Iraqis, giving the terrorists, giving the Middle East, giving the American people the wrong picture of what is going on there.  I said I was not outraged. Let's keep in mind, in Abu Ghraib these prisoners were terrorists, these people killed Americans. And here we were worrying about: Are we treating them properly?  I remember Zell Miller defended me. Nobody else would do that at that time. I will read to you what he said, Zell Miller. You know all about Zell Miller from the State of Georgia. He said:       Mr. President, here we go again, rushing to give aid and      comfort to our enemies--pushing, pulling, shoving, and      leaping over one another to assign blame and point the finger      at ``America the terrible,'' lining up in long lines at the      microphones to offer apologies to those poor, pitiful Iraqi      prisoners.  Of course, I do not condone all the things that went on in that prison, but I for one refuse to join in this national act of contrition over it. Those who are wringing their hands and shouting so loudly for heads to roll over this seem to have conveniently overlooked the fact that someone's head has rolled, that of another innocent American brutally murdered by terrorists.       Why is it there is more indignation over a photo of a      prisoner with underwear on his head than over the video of a      young American with no head at all? Why is it some in this      country still do not get it, that we are at war, a war      against terrorists who are plotting to kill us every day,      terrorists who will murder Americans at any time, any place,      any chance they get?       Yet here we are, America on its knees in front of our      enemy, begging for their forgiveness over the mistreatment of      prisoners, showing our enemy and the world once again how      easily America can get sidetracked, how easily America can      turn against itself.       Yes, a handful of soldiers went too far with their      interrogation. Clearly some of them were not properly trained      to handle such duty, but the way to deal with this is with      swift and sure punishment and immediate and better training.       There also needs to be more careful screening of who it is      we put in these kinds of sensitive situations--and no one      wants to hear this, and I am reluctant to say it, but there      should also be some serious questioning of having male and      female soldiers serving side by side in these kinds of      military missions. Instead, I worry that the . . . ``hand      wringers of America,'' will add to their membership and      continue to bash our country ad nauseam and, in doing so,      hand over more innocent Americans to the enemy on a silver      platter.       So I stand with Senator Inhofe of Oklahoma who stated that      he is more outraged by the outrage than by the treatment of      those prisoners.  I appreciated the fact that he came to my aid and made that statement back on May 13, 2004. The truth is out there. The media is not giving an accurate picture.  I will hold this up. This shows the number of editorials from the New York Times and the Washington Post: The number of editorials that covered the some 400,000 people tortured to death, put in mass graves in Iraq, a total of three editorials were written. The number of editorials since March of 2001 about the beheading of hostages by terrorists in Iraq and elsewhere, including Nicholas Berg and Daniel Pearl, was eight. Yet the number of editorials since March of 2004 about U.S. detainee policies, including Abu Ghraib, was 90. If that isn't bias.  We need to do something to stop this. This needs to be appealed to the Supreme Court. I am going to be advising the Secretary of Defense of my feelings. Hopefully we can save some American lives by not reliving the pictures and this issue that has already cost many American lives. If we actually show these pictures and revive it again, it will be aiding and abetting the enemy, and American lives will be lost.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Allen). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  