President, I say to my good friend, Senator Jeffords, we are not political equals in philosophy; yet I, as a conservative, agree with everything the Senator has said in terms of the need for roads and the need for infrastructure.  Senator Jeffords talked about some of the deficiencies we have, but I have to say in my State of Oklahoma the FAWA goes out and they rate roads and bridges. Oklahoma is dead last in bridges. This is a life-and-death situation. We lose lives every year.  A lot of my friends say: Well, you did not want to have a robust, expensive highway bill. I say to them: That is what we are supposed to be doing here.  I am a conservative. There is no one more conservative, according to the ACLU, than I am in this Senate. Yet I can say we need to spend money on infrastructure in the United States.  I will say a little bit about the formula of which I have been very proud. Both my good friend from Vermont and I used to serve in the other body before we came to the Senate. At that time, I was on the Transportation Committee in the House. I watched the way we did things there and how we do things here. I don't want to be critical of the way the other body operates, but we do it in a more fair and equitable way.  It would be easy--if we needed 60 Senators, we could give them projects until everyone signed on, and then forget about the other 40, have a vote, and go home. That could happen, but we did not do that. We have a complicated formula.  This creates different anxieties in different States where there is opposition because in one particular area they do not do as well as another State. Let me give an example of how complicated the formula is.  In a formula, you take into consideration an abundance of items, such as interstate lane miles. This is something in the formulas we take into consideration. Obviously, there is a reason. Or vehicle miles traveled, which is referred to as VMT. Over the next few days we will hear that quite often. The vehicle miles traveled on interstate has to be something to consider in terms of authorizing a 6-year program.  The contributions to the highway trust fund are very significant. We hear from some of the large States that they give more to the highway trust fund. I suggest it is not just people in that State who are making those contributions; people driving through the State also have to buy fuel in those States.  The lane miles on principal arteries, excluding the intersection, is weighted in the formula to a percentage. The VMT on principal arteries is considered. Diesel fuel used on highways is a consideration. Total lane miles on principal arteries divided by population is considered when we look at a formula that would affect all 50 States. So total lane miles on Federal aid highways, total vehicle miles traveled on Federal aid highways, the contributions to the highway trust fund, or the highway account, attributable to highway users, the cost to repair or replace deficient highways and bridges have to be considered. In the State of Alaska, for example, the Presiding Officer's State, it is more expensive. They have severe winters in Alaska. We do not have severe winters in some of the Southern States. This has to be part of the consideration.  The weighted nonattainment and maintenance area, population, the equal shares to each eligible State on highways, recreational trails program, the border planning, borders and corridors--this is significant to States such as California and Arizona, Texas, Florida, and, of course, the northern tier of States. The border States' share of cargo weight, what their share is of cargo value, the number of commercial vehicles entering the border State, the number of passenger vehicles entering the border State--all these are part of the formula.  We have low-income States. My State of Oklahoma is a low-income State. The State of Arizona is a high-income State. That is a consideration. One of the chief workers on the bill has been Senator Baucus from Montana. He is the ranking member on the committee; Kit Bond chairs that subcommittee on transportation within our committee. He has a low-population State. Obviously, if you have a low-population State, that has to be a consideration. There still have to be roads so they can travel and other people can travel through their States. But if they base it all on getting 100 percent back, and they do not have extra consideration--that has to be part of the formula.  Low-population-density States is a factor. The high fatality rates are a factor. The fatality rate in my State of Oklahoma is higher than average. The guaranteed minimum growth of each State--there is a limit applied to that--and the guaranteed minimum rate of return for donor States is a consideration. I remember when that guaranteed minimum rate of return for donor States was 75 percent, and it only crept up to 80, 85 and 90; now we operate on 90.5 percent. If we passed the bill offered last year, the way it passed in Senate, we would be at 95 percent. Every State would be guaranteed 95 percent return of donations of that State.  If we did not do it this way, we could do it the politically easy way--handing out projects until it is done. But that is where pork comes in. That is where most of the criticism comes from. I have heard a lot of the commentators talk about the highway bill the Senate has is full of projects and pork. My response is they have not read it yet. There are only two projects in the entire bill. Only two. On the other side, there are several hundred. It is a totally different approach.  So we have these things that are of major consideration. We have to get this bill done. The best way to get it done, of course, is to vote favorably tomorrow on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed, and then to move on to the bill.  Now, we have several people who may wish to speak. I mentioned Senator Bond, who is the chairman of the Transportation Subcommittee. Senator Baucus, who has been very helpful in working with us, is the ranking member of the subcommittee. There is Senator Jeffords and myself. Of course, we have 18 members of our committee. We would like to invite them to come down right now. I will defer to anyone who wants to come down and talk about this legislation. In the event that nobody shows up, I have more to say. I think, probably, the Senator from Vermont might have more to say, too.  So at the present time I will go ahead and suggest the absence of a quorum and encourage members of our committee and others who want to be heard on the highway bill to come down and speak.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burr). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  