President, while we are again encouraging people to bring amendments down to the floor, I would like to make some comments on a statement that was made yesterday that affects our committee, the Environment and Public Works Committee.  Yesterday evening, the junior Senator from Delaware discussed his hold on Stephen Johnson's nomination to be Administrator of the EPA. His main complaint about Steve Johnson is about a lack of technical data from EPA on Clear Skies. We are talking about the Clear Skies legislation we considered in our committee that the administration has come forth with.  But there has been no lack of technical data. The EPA has provided the Environment and Public Works Committee with over 10,000 pages of modeling on costs, job impacts, fuel switching, air quality, and deaths avoided for the various multi-emissions proposals.  This information provides extensive detail about the impacts on the Nation as a whole, regions, and individual States. Claims that EPA did not supply sufficient information to make an informed decision simply do not have any credibility.  In fact, this is in direct contrast to 2002, when then-Chairman Jeffords--I have been making all kinds of complimentary remarks about the ranking member, Senator Jeffords. Back in 2002, Senator Jeffords was the chairman and I was the ranking member. He came forth with something he had very strong feelings about, and that was the Clean Power Act. When he marked it up, we had less than 1 week to review a 53-page bill, without any modeling information whatsoever. Let me repeat that: less than 1 week to mark up a 53-page bill, which was substituted for the original 5-page bill. I do not say that critically because we did it. Nonetheless, we did it without the information I believed was necessary at that time. We did not have information.  In addition, the quality of information in 1990--this is back when we considered the Clean Air Act Amendments--paled in comparison to what the executive branch has been able to produce for us using today's more sophisticated models run on powerful supercomputers. The committee had far more information about the impacts of the Clear Skies legislation than the entire Senate had in 1990 during the debate on the Clean Air Act amendments of 1990.  Now, what has been particularly frustrating is that the EPA data request was used as a red herring to vote against Clear Skies. It is now being used as an excuse to oppose Steve Johnson. I do want to talk about Steve Johnson a minute because it is very unusual we have the opportunity to have a Director with the background of Mr. Johnson.  When we notified the minority last November 15 of our intentions of marking up the Clear Skies bill in February,they never once raised the issue of needing more data from the EPA until after we delayed the first markup on February 16. Then they mentioned the need to get more data from the EPA almost as an afterthought.  When we offered to delay the markup 2 weeks, in order to negotiate a compromise, we were told they needed data from EPA, which would take 6 months to produce. This, of course, was after our committee already spent 5 years conducting 24 hearings on the topic. We were told, after all this committee work and the 10,000 pages of analysis, that the minority still needed more analysis before they would be willing to even begin negotiating.  Nevertheless, EPA has offered to spend considerable resources to analyze each of the multi-emission proposals using an identical methodology to guarantee that comparisons of the three bills are apples to apples. Yet the charge is being leveled that this offer still is not enough.  Last week, the EPA offered to conduct even more analysis to satisfy Senator Carper, offering detailed data on S. 131, the President's Clear Skies proposal; secondly, the Clear Skies manager's amendment from March 9, 2005--that was ours; S. 843, Senator Carper's Clean Air Planning Act; and, fourth, S. 150, Senator Jeffords' Clean Power Act.  The data would consist of the cost of each bill; the fuel mix for electricity production; Henry-Hub natural gas prices; average mine mouth coal prices; regional electricity prices; emission allowance prices; national and regional coal production; the response of electric generating facilities--for example, the capacity retrofitted with pollution control equipment; national and State-by-State emission levels for sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, and mercury; the national aggregate CO2 emissions; public health and environmental provisions benefits of each bill, such as the total monetized health benefits, premature mortality benefits, and visibility benefits; and the effects of each bill on nonattainment areas--for example, for each current nonattainment area, EPA will list the counties in the area and project whether the area comes into attainment with ozone and particulate matter.  This is for all four pieces of legislation, not just one, everything that has been asked for. This was an unprecedented offer of information by the administration to the junior Senator from Delaware and, frankly, it is more information than I believe he needs in order to move forward on Clear Skies. This is in addition to the 10,000 pages of data the committee has already received. This information would take the staff of EPA 6 to 8 weeks to complete.  Unfortunately, even this offer is not enough. The junior Senator from Delaware is insisting on the same level of analysis that the administration conducted for the President's proposal, which would take a half a year. Strangely, he insists this would allow him to negotiate multiemissions legislation this spring.  This is a level of detail that no administration has ever conducted for a legislative proposal at this stage in the process and, quite frankly, a level of detail that is inappropriate to request. If the EPA were requested to conduct this type of analysis for every bill, we would have to double the size of the EPA, and all of their employees would be working full time on congressional requests. To suggest that a congressional committee needs this type of analysis before it can move on legislation is ridiculous.  In the history of the Clean Air Act, we have more and better quality data today than we have ever had in moving legislation, including the amendments of 1990. Those are the amendments that were so significant and have had such a positive effect on air quality. We have more data than we ever had in moving any environmental legislation.  This demand for data was an excuse for delaying the Clear Skies legislation and, quite frankly, it was an excuse to delay or obstruct Steve Johnson's nomination. This appears to be part of a larger strategy to obstruct this President's EPA nominees. Last Congress, Governor Leavitt's nomination hearing was first boycotted by the minority, then delayed for over 50 days. Today, Steve Johnson is also being obstructed.  For just a moment, I wish to say something about the nomination of Steve Johnson to be the next Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. It is unfortunate we find ourselves in a position of having that nomination filibustered by the Democratic side. Mr. Johnson is not a partisan politician. In fact, he is neither a partisan nor a politician. I can't tell you right now whether he is a Democrat or Republican. I don't think it makes any difference.  Steve Johnson is a career EPA employee who has risen through the ranks under both Republican and Democratic administrations. He joined the EPA during the Carter administration and was promoted to senior management posts during the Clinton administration. He has also been confirmed twice by the Senate, both times without opposition. Stephen Johnson is not a partisan. He is also a scientist and, if confirmed, would be both the first scientist and first career EPA employee to serve as the head of the agency. We never had someone who has a scientific background as Administrator of the EPA, nor have we had anyone who has gone through the ranks of the EPA. There has never before been a nominee who has known this agency so well prior to becoming Administrator.  One of the big problems we have had with Administrators who are not familiar with the agency is when we have something that needs to be done, it takes them forever to sort through to find out where the bad guys and good guys are and where the reports are coming from. He already knows. He spent 24 years doing this.  He is trained in biology and pathology. After graduating from college, he worked for the Computer Sciences Corporation at the Goddard Space Flight Center and was signed to serve as a junior member of the launch support team for the first Synchronous Meteorological Satellite, SMS-1. He joined EPA during the Carter administration as a health scientist in the Office of Pesticides and Toxic Substances. He left EPA briefly in 1982 to join a private lab and then returned in 1984 to EPA's Office of Prevention, Pesticides and Toxic Substances. Throughout the years Mr. Johnson climbed through the ranks, eventually being appointed to senior management positions by the Clinton administration, including Deputy Director of the Office of Pesticide Programs and the Principal Deputy Assistant Administrator at that time.  I have to say I was there when this happened during the Clinton administration. I asked him a lot of serious questions, and I did not object to his nomination even though it was propounded by the Clinton administration.  In 2001, he was nominated by President Bush to serve as the Assistant Administrator for that program office. He was confirmed without opposition. Just last year when Mike Leavitt became Administrator he was nominated to the No. 2 spot at the agency. Once again, he was confirmed without any opposition.  Steve Johnson's qualifications are beyond question. The question is, why are we here fighting for cloture on not just a qualified nominee but a nominee who has been consistently promoted by both Democratic and Republican Presidents? I believe Jonathan Adler did a good job describing this nomination process when he wrote the following in the National Review:       President Bush's selection of Steven L. Johnson as      administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency was      universally praised in Washington, D.C. Democrats and      Republicans, environmental activists and industry lobbyists      all hailed the pick as a positive step for the troubled      agency. Stalwart conservative Sen. James Inhofe . . .  --that's me--     applauded the choice while the Environmental Working Group's      Ken Cook called it a ``spectacularly good appointment.'' The      era of good feelings did not last long, however. Once slated      for a quick and easy confirmation, Johnson is now the victim      of an old-fashioned political obstruction as Senate Democrats      again target the administration's environmental policies.  This isn't the first time in recent history that an EPA Administrator has been held up. In fact, that precedent was set the last time someone was nominated by this President. Governor Mike Leavitt was treated with equal courtesy as Steve Johnson. I know some, including the junior Senator from Delaware, are now saying: I supported Mike Leavitt and was there for him. But that is simply not accurate.In fact, when the committee was scheduled to vote on the Leavitt nomination, the vote was boycotted by the Democrats. Not a single committee Democrat showed up, including the Senator from Delaware. It was part of the boycott.  The three Administrators previous to Mike Leavitt took an average of 8 days to confirm. Mike Leavitt's confirmation took 50 days, 50 days to confirm a Cabinet-level position for an individual who clearly is qualified.  So this is nothing new for a qualified EPA Administrator nominated by President Bush. It has been nearly a month that Steve Johnson has awaited confirmation. The time has come to confirm Mr. Johnson.  During the debate we will likely hear some negative comments about the President's record on the environment. What you hear from the Democrats will likely be a very distorted view. The facts are very plain, very easy to understand. By virtually every measure, under this President's stewardship, our air, our water, and our land are cleaner. We have a cleaner and healthier environment than we did prior to George W. Bush taking over as President. That is simply the simple truth.  Just to highlight a few of the actions by the President, he signed into law historic bipartisan legislation that has accelerated the cleanup of brownfields--all of the States are concerned about that--better protecting public health, creating jobs, and revitalizing communities. George W. Bush is the first President ever to require the reduction of mercury emissions by powerplants. I can remember when there were full-page ads during the campaign saying that this President is lowering the emissions. There were no restrictions before he came in. He is the one who made the first reduction in our history. This President has imposed a mandatory 70-percent reduction in mercury emissions from these sources.  Just a year ago, the President announced an aggressive new national goal, moving beyond the policy of no net loss wetlands to a new policy of an actual net increase for wetlands each year. His Great Lakes Legacy Program will help to clean up one of the largest systems of freshwater on Earth, roughly 18 percent of the world's supply. His Clear Skies initiative would have reduced SOX, NOX and mercury emissions by 70 percent--the largest mandated reduction of any President in the history of America. It wasn't Bill Clinton. It was George W. Bush.  Despite all the rhetoric to the contrary, the environment and our families are healthier because of George W. Bush. The facts don't lie.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Graham). The Senator from Oregon.  