President, the Senator from Vermont brings up a very sensitive subject to me, and that is one of bridges. It seems to me we do have one covered bridge in Oklahoma. I am going to have to check on that to make sure they get a share of this, whatever it is.  We do have a serious problem. The FHWA ranks various States and the conditions of their bridges, roads, and highways. Oklahoma is ranked dead last in the condition of its bridges, and it is a very serious matter. It is also a very serious problem in terms of the number of deaths we have.  One of the considerations that was involved in putting together a formula--and I state again how much work goes into a formula approach. I have said several times that it would be very easy to do it the other way where we just come up with a bunch of projects and satisfy 60 Senators and pass a bill and go home. That is not what we tried to do. One of the considerations we have is the risk in the various States, the number of mortalities.  Once again, at this point it is important to stress why we need to have a bill. We are now on our sixth extension, and extensions do not work. There is not a State of all 50 States that is not very anxiously awaiting this bill because with extensions there can be no planning. If we do not get this done, we will not have any chance to improve our donor States.  Oklahoma is a donor State. We have many donor States, and that is probably the most sensitive single issue in the formulas, is how the donor States are treated. But if we do not get this done, there is not going to be any change. We are right now at 90.5 percent. If we had passed the bill we had last year, which was a little more robust than this bill, by the end of that 6-year period, every State would have achieved at least a 95-percent return. That is the return of money they have paid into the trust fund.  As it is right now, in a lower amount, this would raise it a modest amount but not that much further above 90.5 percent. It would be an improvement, though.  If we do not have a bill and are operating under extensions, there will not be any new safety core programs to help the States respond to the thousands of deaths each year on the highways. In that respect, I think you have to acknowledge that this bill is a matter of life and death. There will be many more deaths if we do not have a good highway bill.  If we don't have a highway bill, there will not be any streamlining of the environmental reviews. Critical projects will still be subjected to avoidable delays that can be avoided with the passage of this bill.  Along that line, I think with all the provisions of this bill that was 2\1/2\ years in the making, there are a lot of provisions that my good friend from Vermont accepted that he would have preferred not to accept. There are many provisions I accepted that I would have preferred not to accept. But this was a give and take in a spirit of bipartisan cooperation, and I think that is something people are starving for right now. That is what they have in this bill.  If we do not have a bill, there is not going to be an increase in the ability to use innovative financing, giving us a chance to do something differently than we have been doing it before. Where innovative partnership types of financing have taken place, it has extracted a lot of money from the private sector that is willing to get in there and participate in the TIFIA provisions of this bill, allowing them to do that very thing.  There are a lot of members on our committee who were concerned about the Safe Routes to Schools Program. That is in here. Again, if we are operating under an extension, if we do have an extension, if we do not have the bill, we will not have that. It could be we will have young people killed and injured on the way to school without this bill.  Without this bill, with just another extension, States would continue to have uncertainty in planning and delay in projects. I hope this doesn't need much elaboration. It is only logical. If you know in advance what is going to happen over the next 5 years or so, you can start planning. You can plan your resources, plan your labor, plan the amount of construction that is going to go on in each State so each State will get far more for each dollar spent than they would get on just an extension.  If we just get an extension, we are not going to have any new border program. I think the border States, many of them, should be the first ones down here to encourage that this bill be passed, particularly those who are affected by NAFTA traffic. We have a special provision in here that takes care of borders as well as corridors. In the absence of this, with just an extension, we are not going to have any of these provisions.  Without the bill, we are going to have delay in the establishment of the national commission to score how to fund transportation in the future. We have been doing it the same way for many years. There are better ways of doing it. This bill establishes this commission to study what innovative suggestions might come from the States, ways we can do a better job of financing and getting private participation and get a lot more efficiency into the system.  When you look at what we are faced with today, we have an unusually high price of gasoline. As a result of that, people are not driving as much. If we had a gas tax that was geared to a percentage basis, it would not make any difference. In fact, we would probably increase revenues. But that is not the way it is. It is just a number of cents per gallon, so if there are fewer gallons bought, then there is less money that goes into it.  If we do not have a bill, if we just go on an extension, there will not be any opportunity to address the chokepoints at intermodal connectors. People think this is just a highway bill. They think back in the early days, back when Eisenhower, in World War II, was a major, he realized the inefficiencies we had in this country in transportation when he was trying to move troops and move military equipment around the country. When he became President, he drew upon that experience and established, for that reason, this National Highway System.  This goes all the way back to the Eisenhower administration, but this goes further than it went at that time. Now we have chokepoints. A lot of people are not aware that my State of Oklahoma actually has a port. We have the port of Catoosa, about 10 miles from my home in Tulsa. But there are chokepoints in any transportation system. You can have a channel, air transportation, rail transportation; it has to marry up and be consistent with the movement on the roads. This bill does that. That is why we call it intermodal.  Last, the firewall protection of the highway trust fund would not be continued, thereby making the trust fund vulnerable to raids in order to pay for other programs. In every State, all 50 States, we have experienced problems of people seeing an opportunity to steal money out of the trust fund and raid it, and they do it. They have certainly done it in my State of Oklahoma--not just the highway trust fund but other trust funds, too. I know there are many States that have their own individual highway trust fund where money is coming out of it. This is something we can protect at the national level by having firewalls. The firewalls are intact in this bill.  There are a lot of reasons we have to do this other than just having a highway bill and getting more construction. We have had the opportunity to talk about the complexities of a formula and all the things that are in a formula. I believe it is worthwhile repeating some of them.  Formulas are not just, Are you a large State or are you a small State? They take into consideration many things. There are the interstate maintenance programs that are a part of the formula, as are the interstate lanes, the number of miles to be maintained, your National Highway System miles--that is part of the formula--the Surface Transportation Program, the total lane miles, the Highway Bridge Replacement and Rehabilitation Program, the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement Program, which is very important. It has taken a lot of time in committee to come up with something on which we could agree.  We have low-income States. Oklahoma is a low-income State. We have low-population States, such as Wyoming and Montana. We have low-population-density States. We have high-fatality-rate States. Everything I mentioned is part of the formula we are working on. We have guaranteed minimum growth States, where growth is very slow, but there is a factor that provides for a floor. We have guaranteed minimum rate of return donor States.  All are part of the consideration of a very complex, very difficult formula that is the proper way to do it. Again, we have said several times in the last 3 days, it would have been a lot easier for Senator Bond and Senator Baucus and Senator Jeffords and myself to have put together a bill that did not have a formula; it just would do projects. But we elected not to do that in order to get the most miles for our money and to be the most fair with all 50 States.  Our forefathers were great when they talked about putting together this system where you have the House and the Senate. One is on population, the other is geographic areas. It is our responsibility to be sure that each of these States is treated properly, is treated fairly. This bill has done that.  The Senator from Indiana, Mr. Bayh, has the pending amendment on the floor. As I stated before, he has agreed to set his amendment aside as soon as there are any coming down. We have a list of about seven or eight amendments that different Members wish to offer. This is the time to offer them.  As Senator Jeffords said, come on down. We want you to come down and offer it. You have much more time to spend on your amendments. You can explain them. We have all day today, and we need to have these amendments on the floor and considered. I know what is going to happen if we do not. We are going to get down toward the end of it. Who knows, there may be cloture invoked where you are almost out of time and everyone is going to be yelling and screaming and crying they didn't have adequate time to consider their amendments. So let me get on record right now and say you have adequate time. We invite you to come down and present your amendments for consideration. As I said, Senator Bayh has agreed to set his amendment aside should you come down and want an amendment considered. Come on down. We are open for business.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  