President, I wish to speak about S. Res. 135 which recognizes the outstanding accomplishments of the National Asphalt Pavement Association, NAPA, as it celebrates it 50th Anniversary on May 17, 2005. I am joined by my colleagues, Senators Bond, Jeffords and Baucus. NAPA is the only national association that exclusively represents an industry comprised of 1,500 asphalt companies nationwide, employing over 300,000 men and women.  Today when we think of highways and roads, we think of the cars and trucks that use these facilities. We think of the agricultural products being shipped from farm to market, or packages being shipped from factories right to our homes. We think of mothers picking up their children afterschool, and families taking trips to the beach during the summer. Of course, we also think of commutes to and from work.  What I have just described is our American economy in motion, and none of it would be possible without quality highway pavements of which asphalt is one. Just 50 years ago, the country faced a transportation crisis. In 1955, it was not easy to travel from city to city because the Interstate Highway System did not exist. The roads were unsafe, slow, and difficult to use. Traveling from city to city, which today could be done in hours took days.  In the early 20th century, asphalt pavements helped get America out of the mud. In the latter half of that century, the new Interstate Highway System improved our mobility and helped sustain our country's economic growth. The Interstate Highway System's pavements literally were the foundation upon which the United States and her people were able to emerge as the leaders of the world.  It was no accident that NAPA was formed just as the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956 was winding its way through Congress. The industry was challenged by the need to construct long lasting pavements that could meet the tougher standards of the Interstate Highway System. In rising to that challenge, the first ambitious program announced by the association was the Quality Improvement Program. Ever since then, dedication to helping its members deliver the best quality asphalt pavement has been a top priority.  I am very proud of the fact that the late John W. Kelly, of the firm Amis & Kelly Construction Company in Oklahoma City, was one of the founding fathers of NAPA. From 1958 to 1960, John W. Kelly served as the second president of the Association. NAPA has also enjoyed 50 years of strong partnership with the Oklahoma Asphalt Pavement Association which was formed in 1952.  I congratulate NAPA and its members for 50 years of leadership and involvement in constructing a world-class road system.  