It has been 22 months since TEA-21 expired on September 30, 2003. The Federal-aid program has since been operating under a number of short-term extensions--a total of 11 to date. I urge the Senate to approve the conference report before us so that our States can start working on addressing their transportation needs.  Both sides of the aisle in the Senate and House embraced a spirit of bipartisanship and collaboration that has delivered a quality piece of legislation. As in all legislative endeavors there has been much give and take. There are provisions in this bill for which I would have preferred another outcome, but on the whole, I believe we have produced a product that will continue the good work started in ISTEA and improved upon in TEA-21.  The conference report provides $244 billion in guaranteed spending over the 2005-2009 period for our Nation's highways and mass transit systems. If you include 2004, the bill provides $286.5 billion in guaranteed spending--an almost $90 billion increase over TEA-21. Finally, the highway program is guaranteed $193 billion over the 2005-2009 period.  We worked very hard with our House colleagues to balance the needs of donor and donee States. I will be the first to acknowledge that this balance--as with any compromise--is not perfect. My colleagues representing donee and donor States that receive lower rates of return or growth rates than they feel fair have made this fact very clear to me.  I am very sympathetic to the concerns of both donors and donees in this situation. Both have significant transportation needs that cannot be ignored. Addressing their concerns was even more difficult because we had very limited dollars to solve either group's issues.  SAFETEA-LU tries to split the difference. Donee States have an average rate of growth of 19 percent above their TEA-21 levels, and donor States will reach a 92 percent rate of return by 2008. Also, if there is a positive revenue aligned budget authority in 2007, it will be directed to improve donor States rate of return.  One concern of my donor State colleagues when we were on the floor was that not all donor States were treated equally--that concern has been addressed.  Over the 6 years under TEA-21, we made great progress in preserving and improving the overall physical condition and operation of our transportation system; however, more needs to be done. A safe, effective transportation system is the foundation of our economy. We are past due to fulfill an obligation to this country and the American people--the conference report before us does just that.  Finally, I would like to acknowledge all the staff time and effort that has gone into the bill. Specifically, I would like to single out my highway team: again, Ruth Van Mark and James O'Keeffe, Andrew Wheeler, Marty Hall, Nathan Richmond, Greg Murrill, Angie Giancarlo, Alex Herrgott, and Rudy Kapichak.  From Senator Bond's staff: Ellen Stein, Heideh Shahmoradi, John Stoody, and Julie Daman.  From Senator Jefford's staff: JC Sandberg, Malia Somerville, Ken Connolly, Cara Cookson, Chris Miller, and Jo-Ellen Darcy.  From Senator Baucus's staff: Kathy Ruffalo.  From Senator Frist's staff: Libby Jarvis, Sharon Soderstrom, and Erik Ueland.  From the Federal Highway Administration: Today is Administrator Mary Peters last day before she heads back to Arizona. It is very appropriate that we finish the bill on her last day, because without the hard work of Mary and her staff at FHWA, we would not be here today.  On Mary's staff I want to especially thank Susan Binder, Carolyn Edwards and Ross Crichton, who over the last 3 years have done more than 1600 formula runs. We really appreciate all of your hard work.  Also, I want to personally thank the hard working attorneys in the Senate Legislative Counsel office. In particular, Darci Chan, Heather Arpin and Gary Endicott.  Finally, Rachel Milberg with CBO has done great work in assisting staff work through the complicated scoring process.  I am certain my colleagues share my strong desire to get a transportation reauthorization bill passed and urge them to support the bill before the Senate today.  Let me say I do have a great deal of respect for both of my colleagues from Arizona. However, I will put them on my doubtful list. But I would say this and I will be very brief. We only have 7\1/2\ minutes on each side. I want to make sure that Senator Bond, with whom I have worked as chairman of the Subcommittee of Transportation, and a few others get their time.  Working with Senator Jeffords and Senator Baucus and Senator Bond has been a great experience. We have worked very well together. This has been difficult. We have worked for 2 years on this bill. It is not easy. I would only say this: It is paid for. It didn't increase taxes. It is within the President's parameters.  