President, it is my understanding that I have 20 minutes and that the Senator from New Mexico and the Senator from Connecticut will close the debate.  Let me, first of all, say--well, this is a good chart. I was not going to use this one, but this shows what the Senator just observed. I do not believe it is totally accurate because the only reduction that has come in CO2 from all of the member nations of the EU has come from Germany and the United Kingdom. If you look at all the rest of them, they all have exceeded the amount of their goals.  Then, more recently--this just came out 2 days ago--this is a release from the EU, greenhouse gas emissions up to 2003. It was just released. It says: Between 2002 and 2003, EU-25 emissions increased by 1.5 percent. That means that has taken up all the reductions from the previous year, 2002.  In the time I have, I am going to try to cover a lot of things. When debate is closed, they will get the last word. But I only ask the indulgence of my fellow Members to realize that there is a lot of hysteria out here. The hysteria out here is not well founded.  I am old enough to remember the hysteria back 20 years ago or so. This was on the cover of Time magazine, talking about another ice age coming. It said: However widely the weather varies from place to place and time to time, when meteorologists take an average of temperatures around the globe, they find that the atmosphere has been growing gradually cooler for the past three decades. The trend shows no indication of reversing.  So everyone was hysterical. The same people who are now talking about global warming were talking about another ice age coming.  Now, just one by one, let's, first of all, take the study that started this whole thing in 1998 that was by Michael Mann. It is very important that we look at this. This was the famous ``hockey stick.'' If you look at the blue line, that supposedly goes from the years 1000 to the 20th century. It is just a horizontal line. And then, all of a sudden, it starts shooting up; and that is the blade of the hockey stick.  Now, what he has failed to put on this chart is that if you will take the actual temperatures from 1400 to 2000--that is shown with the black line--they are relatively even.  But then, as shown by the next chart, which was in yesterday's Wall Street Journal, when you throw in the fact that we had the medieval warming period, it shows it was actually warmer in that period of time. The medieval warming period was about from 1000 A.D. to 1350 A.D.  Temperatures were warmer then than they have been in the 20th century. It just shows that theory has been refuted by many people in that it really is not accurate and should not be used.  Next, on climate models: Climate models are very difficult. People use them freely around here. Those who are listening and, hopefully, those who might be looking at the logic of this will not buy this idea.  The National Academy of Sciences said:       Climate models are imperfect.  Peter Stone, the climate modeler from MIT, said:       The major [climate prediction] uncertainties have not been      reduced at all.  The uncertainties are large.  The George C. Marshall Institute:       The inputs needed to project climate for the next 100      years, as is typically attempted, are unknowable.  Further, a professer from MIT: The way current models handle factors such as clouds and water vapor is disturbingly arbitrary. In many instances the underlying physics is simply not known.  I think we have to understand if all of this is predicated on climate charts, climate charts are not perfect.  The Oregon petition--I covered this many times. People say: Inhofe is going to come up with some scientists who might refute this. For someone to say that the science is settled, for someone to say there is a consensus in terms of the science, when you look at the Oregon petition, which had 17,800 scientists, they stated, as is on the chart behind me:       There is no convincing scientific evidence that human      release of carbon dioxide, methane, or other greenhouse      gasses is causing, or will cause in the foreseeable future,      catastrophic heating of the Earth's atmosphere and disruption      of the Earth's climate. Moreover, there is substantial      scientific evidence that increases in atmospheric carbon      dioxide produce many beneficial effects upon the natural      planet and animal environments of the Earth.  Recognizing, as we said before, that CO2 is not a pollutant; CO2 is a fertilizer.  I would, lastly, quote James Schlesinger, who was the Energy Secretary under President Carter. He said: There is an idea among the public that the science is settled. That remains far from the truth.  So it is not a matter of Republicans or Democrats. These are the experts saying that the science is not there. Now, we could go--and I will come back to this subject with the time we have--but I would like to start off with the assertion that Kilimanjaro--I happen to have flown over Kilimanjaro twice in the last week. I looked down and saw that there is a change that has taken place.  If you look at this picture from 1976, there was very little ice on there. In 1983 there was a lot more. In 1997, there was considerably less. But the Center for Science and Public Policy summarized the Kaiser study and said: The ice fields on Mount Kilimanjaro started melting in response to a climate shift that occurred near the end of the 19th century, well before any alteration in the Earth's greenhouse effect. That reduced the amount of moisture in the air in the vicinity of the mountain. Manmade global warming has nothing to do with it. I repeat, nothing to do with it. Yet we hear it over and over again. And I am sure we will hear it in the closing remarks.  In terms of glaciers and icecaps and research that has been done--this was in the Journal of Climate--research done by Holloway and Sou in 2002 revealed that claims of thinning arctic ice came from submarine measurements of only one part of the Arctic Ocean. Additionally, decadal changes and scaled wind patterns rearranged the ice, giving some regions thinner and others thicker amounts of ice.  Well, it is easy to find one area where the ice is thinner than it was, but, on the other hand, it is actually thicker.  It goes on to say in the Journal of Glaciology: For the mass balance of glacier measures, the gain and loss of ice, there are only 200 glaciers of the total 160,000 glaciers for which mass balance data exists over a single year.  So the data is not there on that argument.  They talk about hurricanes, the fact that hurricanes are coming, and somehow this has something to do with global warming.  Well, if you look at this chart, it talks about the hurricanes dating back to 1900, and each decade since then up to 2000. You can see, yes, it did peak out around 1940. And then it has been going down ever since, and considerably lower than that peak was.  According to Dr. Christopher Landsea, who is considered to be the foremost expert on hurricanes, he says: Hurricanes are going to continue to hit the United States in the Atlantic and gulf coast areas. And the damage will probably be more expansive than in the past. But this is due to natural climate cycles which cause hurricanes to be stronger and more frequent and the rising property prices of the coast, not because any effect CO2 emissions have on weather patterns.  He says: Contrary to the beliefs of environmentalists, reducing CO2 emissions will not lessen the impact of hurricanes.  So, in fact, it is just not true. You hear it over and over again, but it is just not true. You hear about the sea rising: The sea is rising. Things are disappearing. In fact, the famous island, Tuvalu Island, was supposedly going to be falling into the ocean and be covered up. According to John Daly--he isconsidered to be an expert--well, let's use the 2004 Global Planetary Change: There is a total absence of any recent acceleration in sea level rises as often claimed by IPCC and related groups.  It is not rising, folks. It is just not happening. The other says: The historic record from 1978 to 1999 indicates a sea level rise of 0.07 millimeters per year, where the IPCC claim of 1 to 2.5 millimeters a year sea level rise as a whole indicated the IPCC claims it based on faulty modeling.  The National Title Facility, based in Adelaide, Australia, has dismissed the Tuvalu claims as unfounded. In other words, the sea level is not rising. You can say it is rising and stand down here and yell and scream about it, but it is not. The science shows clearly it is not rising. The Arctic Climate Impact Assessment report has been referred to several times. If you look at the temperatures between 1934 and the currently--this chart goes to 2003--you see they were considerably warmer back during 1934.  Let's now go to the economic impacts. This is probably one of the things that really should be considered more than anything else at this point because people think if there isn't going to be any great economic impact, why shouldn't we go ahead and do it. I am using here not S. 139, the bill we discussed in October of 2003, because this one is a little bit less than that. It is a little more modest. Enacting the McCain-Lieberman bill would cost, according to Charles River Associates, the U.S. economy $507 billion in 2020, $545 billion in 2025. Implementing Kyoto would cost the U.S. economy $305 billion in 2010, $243 billion in 2020. Under Kyoto, for the average family of four in America, it would cost them $2,700 a year. This bill will only cost them $2,000 a year. So maybe that isn't quite as bad as it would have been otherwise.  The bottom line: It is very expensive. And that is not just Senator Inhofe talking. We are quoting CRA, which is the recognized authority, like the Horton Econometric Survey that talked about how it will affect the rising cost of energy, electricity, gasoline, how much it costs a family of four. It would be very detrimental to our country.  In terms of jobs, enacting the McCain-Lieberman amendment would mean a loss of 800,040 jobs in 2010 and 1.306 million jobs in 2020. This is down a little bit from the full-blown Kyoto, but 1.3 million jobs is significant.  In terms of energy prices, McCain-Lieberman would increase energy prices in 2020 by 28 percent for gasoline, 20 percent for electricity, 47 percent for natural gas, and much more for coal.  Just a few minutes ago, the Senator from Arizona talked about the National Academy of Sciences. What he was referring to is a press statement. It was not a report. Their last report states as follows:       There is considerable uncertainty in current understanding      of how the climate system varies naturally and reacts to      emissions of greenhouse gases and aerosols. A casual linkage      between the buildup of greenhouse gases and the observed      climate change in the 20th century cannot be unequivocally      established. The IPC Summary for Policymakers could give an      impression that the science of global warming is settled,      even though many uncertainties still remain.  So much for the National Academy of Sciences.  I think there are two charts that are very significant. First of all, let's just assume for a minute that everything they say about the necessity for carbon caps, everything they say about signing on to the Kyoto treaty, that all of that is true. If all that is true, this chart is probably the most significant chart we have. This chart shows that if it is true, if you look at the black line, that is what would happen with Kyoto. Without Kyoto, look at the blue line. It is so little difference that it is not measurable. In other words, by the year 2050, the change would be something like 0.06 degrees centigrade, which is a change in surface temperature too small to even be detected in global averaging.  This is back when the Bingaman amendment would have been here, so you can ignore that since apparently that is not coming up.  If nothing is done right now, if you project a temperature rise, it would be 1.71 degrees Fahrenheit, if there is no action taken at all. If you go McCain-Lieberman, it would be 1.61 Fahrenheit. Between those two, it is not even a noticeable difference.  I am hoping we will have an opportunity for people to see the truth and people to see what the real science is, see the real economic impact.  There are a couple things that are incontrovertible. First, we know the economic impact is great. They might argue a little bit that we have taken the economic impact in terms of the Horton Econometric Survey, according to CRA, and they are astronomic. I mentioned what they would be under the McCain-Lieberman bill. But if you say that there is certainly questionable science behind it, and yet there is a huge economic impact, then what would be the motivation?  Why is Europe so excited and so anxious for us to join their dilemma, in spite of the fact that they have increased their CO2 emissions since the time they signed on to the treaty? The answer is found in two individuals. One is Margot Wallstrom. Margot Wallstrom is the European Union Environmental Commissioner. I don't think they knew that these were being reported at the time. Now it is documented that these statements were made. Kyoto really isn't about climate change. Kyoto is about ``the economy, about leveling the playing field for big businesses worldwide.'' That is Margot Wallstrom, EU Environmental Commissioner.  Some Senators favor Frenchmen. Jacques Chirac said Kyoto represents ``the first component of an authentic global governance.'' Certainly there is a motivation overseas for us to be involved in this thing.  I would like to also mention that there is a lot of polling data. But the most recent polling data was 3 days ago. It was an ABC poll. In that, most people do believe that global warming is underway. They have been convinced of that because we have a very liberal media that wants people to believe that. We have people who want to think the world is falling apart.  However, in asking the question, Do you favor Government action, 38 percent said yes; 58 percent of the people said no. It seems to me that in spite of all the misinformation that is floating around, the truth is getting out.  Let me wind up by reminding everyone that we do have pollution problems. They are not with global warming. They are not with CO2, methane gases, anthropogenic gases, but with SOx, NOx, and mercury. President Bush has caused us to introduce the greatest reduction in SOx, NOx, and mercury in the history of this country, more so than any of the preceding Presidents. It is a 70-percent mandated reduction, a reduction that would really do something about pollution. I believe we should be talking about really reducing pollution, not about trying to create science, to somehow fabricate science to make people believe that, No. 1, temperatures are rising; and, No. 2, it is due to manmade gases. The science does not support that.  I thank the Chair.  