President, I am glad this day is here and that we are proceeding. I certainly encourage my colleagues to vote for this motion to proceed. I have every expectation that it will pass overwhelmingly. It seems as though we are always in a lot of controversy when we talk about a highway reauthorization bill. It doesn't come along very often--about every 6 years. In my tenure here, I have been involved in four of them. This is the fourth, and it is very significant.  It is interesting that even though there is a lot of criticism, when it gets down to the vote, the vote is always overwhelming. I remind my colleagues that last year's bill was at $318 billion--that was contract authority--and there was about $303 billion in guaranteed spending. It passed by a margin of 76 to 21. It is something I know people are interested in, but there are always problems. First of all, let me just say how this is bipartisan. My good friend, the ranking member of the committee, Senator Jeffords--back when the Democrats were in the majority, he was chairman--and I always agreed on these highway issues. It is kind of interesting that those of us who are conservatives really believe this is something we are supposed to be doing here--building infrastructure, building roads. I am particularly concerned that our State Of Oklahoma has not had its fair share. We have been ranked as having the worst bridges in the Nation.  Anyway, we have the bill up. It is going to be essentially the same bill as we had last year. We passed it out of committee. There is always a problem. Let me mention this because it needs to come out in the beginning. There are two different ways to have a highway program. One is to do it--and essentially the other body does it more this way--by taking projects and adding them, and you pass this, so you know what projects will be there for the next 6 years. If you do that, then the people who are on the inside track would have the best opportunity to have theirs, and there is always an accusation of there being pork and having special projects.  In the Senate, we do it the hard way. We have a formula. When you have a formula, it takes into consideration so many different aspects. There is not one State that could not stand and say, my State is not being treated fairly because of this factor or the other factor. If you look at the formula factors, you have so many factors, such as interstate lane miles, vehicle miles traveled on interstates, contributions to the highway trust fund, the lane miles, principal arteries, VMT on principal arteries, diesel fuel, donee status, donor status, and low-income States. Oklahoma is a low-income State. That should be a consideration. You have a low-population State, such as the one of Senator Baucus, who has been in the leadership working on this issue. They still have to be able to drive even though they don't have a large population from which to get the funds. You have the high-fatality-rate States. You have a factor for the guaranteed minimum growth and the guaranteed minimum rate of return for donor States.  Oklahoma has been a donor State for as long as I can remember. I remember when we had written into the law we would get back 75 percent of what we have paid in. Now it is up to 90.5 percent. If we passed the bill last year at that funding level, it would be 95 percent. It looks like with the figure that we passed out of the committee on the floor that we will be considering today is one that will allow us to get to 92 percent.  I know the formula is not perfect. There are a lot of donor States that think they are not getting enough. A lot of donee States think they are not getting enough. The unhappy donee States complain about the growth rate, but they are ignoring the high rate of return. The unhappy donor States are complaining about the rate of return, but they are ignoring the high growth rates. I have seen unhappy donors trying to rewrite formulas. You cannot do that in a vacuum. I am sympathetic with unhappy States; however, they cannot change the formula in a vacuum and not affect every other State. One of the States is trying to do that right now, and that would adversely affect the rest of the States. It is something that is difficult to deal with. When we get to conference, there are things we can do that we cannot do on the Senate floor. Perhaps some of these things will be done.  With that, I will yield to Senator Jeffords, the ranking member on our Environment and Public Works Committee, for his comments.  