President, first of all, let me thank Chairman Grassley for the fine work he has done on a very difficult issue. I will start from a different perspective than others might have concerning this agreement.  First of all, I have been leading the opposition to almost every multinational agreement that has come along. I have stood on the floor of the Senate for probably, collectively, 6 or 8 hours talking about how destructive the Kyoto agreement would be should we be a party to it. I have talked about the Law of the Sea Treaty. It was passed out of the Foreign Relations Committee unanimously and was ready for action when we found out what it was. I led the opposition, and we have not passed it yet. We would be losing our sovereignty to the U.N. on a lot of the areas of the sea and the air above it. This is something I have been active in for a long time.  In 1994, I had a very interesting experience. I was in the House of Representatives. I led the opposition to NAFTA at that time. Then I was elected to the Senate in a special election, and it came up in the Senate, and I led the opposition to NAFTA at that time. In Oklahoma, my State, I was the only Member of the House or Senate who opposed NAFTA.  I am here to say that this is not NAFTA. For those who use the argument that NAFTA was wrong and NAFTA should not have worked and, therefore, CAFTA is no good, they just don't know what they are talking about. CAFTA is totally different. I can recall standing on the Senate floor from this very desk saying if we support NAFTA and adopt it, we would have problems--transportation problems--where we would be allowing Mexican truckers to pick up a load in Brownsville, TX, and take it to Oklahoma City and not comply with our wage-an-hour requirements and environmental requirements, and all these things happened; they came true.  That is not what CAFTA is. We have two reasons we need to support CAFTA. One is what the Senator from Iowa talked about--the tariffs. I talked to my farmers, the Oklahoma Farm Bureau, and the Farmers Union, and showed them the tariffs they are paying right now, and what the other side is paying, and this is a win-win situation for our farmers. For example, for grains, we pay 10.6 percent; they pay nothing today; for vegetables, we pay 16.7 percent, they pay nothing; for wood products, we pay 10 percent, theypay nothing. There is a long list--I can go on and on--of commodities and products where we are penalized and they are not.  Under this bill, we will level that playing field and allow farmers in Oklahoma to be on the same level as those other countries. The other reason--and I think this is very important--is the national security reason. I am ranking member on the Armed Services Committee. I can remember the days in Central America when President Reagan was our President, and then the first President Bush, when we gave freedoms and democracies to all those countries down in Central America.  We remember Daniel Ortega and the activities of the Sandinistas. Right now, we are in a position where we can either punish or reward our friends. These countries with whom we will be in an alliance are our friends. They are supporting us in Iraq and supporting us in everything we do. Those other countries are not supporting us. The Chavezes, the Ortegas, and the Castros are the ones starting to emerge again. Can you imagine, after what we went through with the Sandinistas in the 1980s, and we have Ortega running for President again? I am not about to reward him and give him what he wants, keeping us from having that trade.  If you want to know the kinds of people who are opposing CAFTA, I will read you a few: Earth Justice, Friends of the Earth, EnviroCitizen, Freedom Socialist Party, and the Social Welfare Action Alliance, and others like that.  The conservative groups supporting CAFTA are the American Conservative Union, Americans for Tax Reform, the Heritage Foundation, Competitive Enterprise Institute, Club for Growth, and it goes on and on.  This is an issue where we are on the right side not just for our farmers and for national security and our friends in Central America and South America, but also it is right for America.  I yield the floor.  