President, first, I agree with the comments of the Senator from South Dakota. He has dramatically shortened my speech against the Corzine amendment because he said some things I would have said. I emphasize that the problem is not with sealed bids, it is with no bids. It could be that they have unique problems in New Jersey, but I would not want those problems that are there to encumber what we are trying to do in States such as Oklahoma and New Hampshire and South Dakota. There had been abuses that are pretty well known in New Jersey.  An example is the case of the law firm of DeCotiis, FitzPatrick, Cole & Wisler, which has reportedly thrived by exploiting a system that encourages politicians to reward their political contributors with State contracts that are no-bid contracts--not low-bid but no-bid contracts.  The Record, a New Jersey paper which did an extensive investigation into this DeCotiis firm and their relationship to public officials, stated in a December 2003 article that:       A sweeping review of DeCotiis's work for towns and public      agencies shows how high rollers in this pay-to-play      sweepstakes reap huge returns from investments in the right      politicians. In a study of DeCotiis's legal bills for towns      and public agencies across New Jersey, as well as interviews      with dozens of elected officials, the Record has found that      the DeCotiis firm billed at least 128 government entities for      nearly $26.6 million during the 2\1/2\-year period starting      January of 2001. From Alpine to Atlantic City, in 15 of New      Jersey's 21 counties, and in many departments of State      government, DeCotiis's lawyers are charging the taxpayers for      contracts that, under Jersey law, can be awarded without      competitive bidding.  I have other examples of corrupt kinds of dealings, but I believe my point has been made that here the issue is with no-bid contracts, not sealed-bid contracts.  I question, also, the constitutionality of something in terms of the first amendment, but that has not even been discussed.  There could be a problem. I would be sympathetic to the problem and perhaps the Senator from New Jersey will be holding a position in the not too distant future where he can deal directly with some of the problems that are within the State of New Jersey but are not all over the country.  So I join my colleague from South Dakota in urging the defeat of theamendment, and at the appropriate time I plan to move to table the amendment.  I yield the floor.  