President, I have an amendment to be considered. I consider it to be perhaps one of the most important amendments. It is referred to as the train and equip amendment.  What I am not going to do is take a lot of time today talking about it because in the event there is opposition to it, I want an opportunity to respond to that opposition.  Primarily, this is what our amendment would do: Under sections 1201 and 1204 of Title XII, it would allow the military to train and equip some of these countries where we see an opportunity to be using their resources and their militia as opposed to sending our troops there. Right now, in order to get it done, the process is one has to go through the State Department and then the Department of Defense. A good example is when the U.S. Government wanted to train and equip some of the Georgia forces for counterterrorism. Seven different authorities for funding and sources had to be stitched together to make this effort. It took 8 months. By the time 8 months goes by, the problem is no longer the same problem it was 8 months before.  What we would do is take existing O&M moneys, $750 million, that we would be able to use to train and equip in a streamlined way of doing this.  I will share some personal experiences and then I will yield the floor. We have been talking about the five African brigades, that we would be training and equipping various countries in regional areas in Africa to take care of some of the problems. I am sureI am not the only one who has been in Djibouti and worked with our marines there. I have been very much concerned that they are not able to do as good a job and as fast a job at training some of the African forces as they could otherwise.  I have talked to President Museveni of Uganda. There are problems in the northern part of Uganda where they have adequate troops, but they are not trained and equipped to protect themselves against the global war on terrorism and would be dependent upon our troops if that should happen. It is far better for us to be able to train them than it is for them to have to be in a situation where they are going in untrained.  I say to my chairman, I visited with my counterpart in Angola. He is the second ranking member on the armed services committee there, although it is called something different. His name is Paiza. As we all know, in Angola they have been undergoing a civil war and there are endless numbers of troops. They have been bush troops. They have not been trained to do the kind of defense that would be necessary in our global war on terrorism. Consequently, what they say they need--they have the Unita forces, they have their forces on both sides of the civil war. They need to have an opportunity to train these people.  I also spoke with the President of Burundi 2 weeks ago when I was there. They had the fighting, as we all know, for a long period of time between the Hutus and the Tutsis, but they are now united. What they need, though, is to be able to be trained. I know that General Jones and others, and certainly Secretary Rumsfeld, feel very strongly that we need to have a streamlined process where we can go in and train these guys to do the job that otherwise American troops are going to have to do.  That is essentially what this is all about. I will wait until Monday to give a little more complete description of it.  At this time I would like to officially call up the amendment, No. 2432. I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 2432 for its consideration.  