President, I would like to give a progress report. We are down to four or five amendments now. Many of them have been agreed to or have been withdrawn. We don't have anyone at this moment who is going to ask for a vote tonight. We had previously scheduled a vote at 5:30. We did not anticipate at that time that we would be getting the cooperation we are getting from the Members who have worked things out. So I announce on behalf of the leadership that we will not be having the vote at 5:30 tonight.  Let me make a couple of comments. I know anxieties are high concerning the so-called nuclear option, or what we call the constitutional option. I hesitate to take up time. If anybody comes to talk about the highway bill, we will stop and talk about the highway bill.  If you stop and realize what we really want, what we have been asking for is a vote. People are entitled to have a vote on the floor of this Senate. They are nominees. You may not like the nominees of the President for the circuit court positions, but certainly these people at least deserve an up-or-down vote.  It is kind of interesting to see how the minority has changed its mind from just a short period ago.  Senator Biden on March 19, 1997, said:       But I also respectfully suggest that everyone who is      nominated ought to have a shot, to have a hearing and to have      a shot to be heard on the floor and have a vote on the floor      . . . It is totally appropriate for Republicans to reject      every single nominee if they want to. That is within their      right. But it is not, I will respectfully request, Madam      President, appropriate not to have hearings on them, not to      bring them to the floor and not to allow a vote . . .  Senator Boxer on May 14, 1997, said:       According to the U.S. Constitution, the President      nominates, and the Senate shall provide advice and consent.      It is not the role of the Senate to obstruct the process and      prevent numbers of highly qualified nominees from even being      given the opportunity for a vote on the Senate floor.  Senator Daschle on October 5, 1999, said:       I find it simply baffling that a Senator would vote against      even voting on a judicial nomination . . . We have a      constitutional outlet for antipathy against a judicial      nominee--a vote against that nominee.  Senator Durbin on September 28, 1998, said:       I think that responsibility requires us to act in a timely      fashion on nominees sent before us. The reason I oppose      cloture is I would like to see that the Senate shall also be      held to the responsibility of acting in a timely fashion. If,      after 150 days languishing in a committee there is no report      on an individual, the name should come to the floor. If,      after 150 days languishing on the Executive Calendar that      name has not been called for a vote, it should be. Vote the      person up or down. They are qualified or they are not.  Senator Feinstein on September 16, 1999, said:       A nominee is entitled to a vote. Vote them up; vote them      down . . . What this does to a [nominee's] life is, it leaves      them in limbo . . . It is our job to confirm these judges. If      we don't like them, we can vote against them. That is the      honest thing to do. If there are things in their background,      in their abilities that don't pass muster, vote no.  On October 4, 1999, she said:       Our institutional integrity requires an up-or-down vote.  And on May 19, 1997, Senator Feinstein said:       Mr. President, the time has come to act on these      nominations. I'm not asking for a rubber stamp; let's hold      hearings on those nominees who haven't had them, and vote on      all of them, up or down, yes or no.  Senator Kennedy on January 28, 1998, said:       The Constitution is clear that only individuals acceptable      to both the President and the Senate should be confirmed. The      President and the Senate do not always agree. But we should      resolve these disagreements by voting on these nominees--yes      or no.  And on February 3, 1998:       We owe it to Americans across the country to give these      nominees a vote. If our Republican colleagues don't like      them, vote against them. But give them a vote.  Senator Kohl on August 21, 1999, said:       [T]here are many other deserving nominees out there. Let's      not play favorites. These nominees, who have to put their      lives on hold waiting for us to act, deserve an `up or down'      vote.  Senator Lautenberg on June 21, 1995, said:       Talking about the fairness of the system and how it is      equitable for a minority to restrict the majority view, why      can we not have a straight up-or-down vote on this without      threats of filibuster? When it was Robert Bork or John Tower      or Clarence Thomas, even though there was strong opposition,      many Senators opposed them. The fact is that the votes were      held here, up or down.  Senator Leahy on June 21, 1995, said:       When President Bush nominated Clarence Thomas to the U.S.      Supreme Court, I was the first member of the Senate to      declare my opposition to his nomination. I did not believe      that Clarence Thomas was qualified to serve on the Court.      Even with strong reservations, I felt that Judge Thomas      deserved an up-or-down vote.  On October 14, 1997:       I cannot recall a judicial nomination being successfully      filibustered. I do recall earlier this year when the      Republican Chairman of the Judiciary Committee and I noted      how improper it would be to filibuster a judicial nomination.  October 22, 1997:       I hope we might reach a point where we as a Senate will      accept our responsibility and vote people up or vote them      down. Bring the names here. If we want to vote against them,      vote against them.  June 18, 1998:       If we want to vote against somebody, vote against them. I      respect that. State your reasons. I respect that. But don't      hold up a qualified judicial nominee . . . I have stated over      and over again on this floor . . . that I would object and      fight against any filibuster on a judge, whether it is      somebody I opposed or supported; that I felt the Senate      should do its duty. If we don't like somebody the President      nominates, vote him or her down.  September 16, 1999:       I . . . do not want to see the Senate go down a path where      a minority of the Senate is determining a judge's fate on      votes of 41 . . . [D]uring the Republican administrations I      rarely ever voted against a nomination by either President      Reagan or President Bush. There were a couple I did. I also      took the floor on occasion filibusters to hold them up and      believe that we should have a vote up or down.  Again on September 16, 1999:       I do not want to get having to invoke cloture on judicial      nominations. I think it is a bad precedent.  October 1, 1999:       Nominees deserve to be treated with dignity and dispatch,      not delayed for 2 and 3 years. We are talking about people      going to the Federal judiciary, a third independent branch of      Government. They are entitled to dignity and respect. They      are not entitled atomically for us to vote aye, but they are      entitled to a vote, aye or nay.  October 3, 1999:       When we hold a nominee up by not allowing them a vote and      not taking any action one way or the other, we are . . .      doing a terrible disservice to the man or woman to whom we do      this.  March 7, 2000:       The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court said:      ``The Senate is surely     under no obligation to confirm any particular nominee, but      after the necessary time for inquiry it should vote him up or      vote him down.'' Which is exactly what I would like.  October 11, 2000:       I have said on the floor, although we are different      parties, I have agreed with Gov. George Bush, who has said      that in the Senate a nominee ought to get a [floor] vote, up      or down, within 60 days.  Senator Levin on June 21, 1995, said:       The President is entitled to his nominee, if a majority of      the Senate consent.  Senator Lincoln at a press conference on September 14, 2000, said:       If we want people to respect their government again, then      government must act respectably. It's my hope that we'll take      the necessary steps to give these men and these women      especially the up or down vote that they deserve.  Senator Reid on March 7, 2000, said:       Once they get out of committee, let's bring them here and      vote up or down on them. . . . I think anybody who has to      wait 4 years deserves an up-or-down vote.       . . . If there is a Senator who believes there is a problem      with any judge, whether it is the one we are going to vote on      at 5 o'clock or the two we are going to vote on tomorrow, or      Thursday, they have every right to come to talk at whatever      length they want. But with Judge Paez, it has been 4 years.      There has been ample opportunity to talk about this man. He      has bipartisan support.  On June 9, 2001, in an interview on Evans, Novak, Hunt, and Shields said:       [W]e should have up or down votes in the committee and on      the floor.  Senator Schumer on March 7, 2000, said:       The basic issue of holding up judgeships is the issue      before us, not the qualifications of judges, which we can      always debate. The problem is it takes so long for us to      debate those qualifications. It is an example of Government      not fulfilling its constitutional mandate because the      President nominates, and we are charged with voting on the      nominees.       . . . I also plead with my colleagues to move judges with      alacrity--vote them up or down. But this delay makes a      mockery of the Constitution, makes a mockery of the fact that      we are here working, and makes a mockery of the lives of very      sincere people who have put themselves forward to be judges      and then they hang out there in limbo.  These are people who are now saying they do not want to have a vote on these nominees. We have nominees who have been waiting not for weeks or months but for years. I believe some of these Senators who before had a philosophy that everyone is entitled to a vote ought to turn around and give the current nominees a vote. I have a great deal of respect for these people, except I would like to have them express some level of consistency.  The issue has become a bit clouded and confusing. When one talks about the various polls, I suggest that one can word a question to get almost any kind of answer one wants. When it gets down to the facts, the Constitution says the President nominates and the Senate is either to confirm or not confirm. It does not say anything about a mandatory supermajority. It just says confirmed. That is a simple majority, Mr. President.  Again, I invite Members to come to the Chamber. We are going to keep the floor open. There will not be any votes tonight on the amendments. We are down to about four amendments, although they should be debated tonight if at all possible. We need to get the debates behind us so we will be prepared to vote tomorrow morning.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  