President, I thank the Senator and certainly agree with his remarks.  Once again, the ranking member and I request anyone who has amendments to come down to the floor. We are open for amendments at this time on this very significant piece of legislation.  Let me go through section by section and explain what we have in the bill.  Section 1203 is freight transportation gateways, freight intermodal connections. I think it is important we realize--and we said this earlier this morning--back when the first legislation came to our attention--that was back during the Eisenhower administration--they were talking about roads and highways. Now this has become intermodal, to take care of all the needs in transporting people and goods around the country.  Freight movement in America is expected to grow dramatically in both volume and value over the coming decades. Throughout reauthorization, theEnvironment and Public Works Committee heard concerns about inadequate freight facilities, insufficient capacity, and inefficient connections.  In December 2003, the GAO released a report on freight transportation that recommended strategies needed to address planning and financing limitations. The report noted that the major challenges to freight mobility all shared a common theme--congestion--including overcrowded highways and freight specific chokepoints. Additionally, the GAO reported two main limitations that stakeholders encounter in addressing these challenges. They first related to the limited visibility that freight projects receive in the planning and prioritization process. SAFETEA directly addresses this problem by creating a freight transportation coordinator at the State level to facilitate public and private collaboration in developing solutions to freight transportation and freight gateway problems. The bill also ensures that intermodal freight transportation needs are integrated into project development and planning processes.  The second limitation reported by the GAO was that Federal funding programs tend to dedicate funds to a single mode of transportation or nonfreight purpose, thus limiting freight project eligibility among some programs. SAFETEA, or the bill we have before us today, addresses this problem by making intermodal freight projects eligible for STP and NHS funding.  The Freight Gateways Program under this bill promotes intermodal improvements for freight movement through significant trade gateways, ports, hubs, and intermodal connectors to the National Highway System. States and localities are encouraged to adopt new financing strategies to leverage State, local, and private investments in freight transportation gateways, thus maximizing the impact of each Federal dollar. The Freight Gateway Program is funded from a set-aside of 2 percent of each State's NHS proportions. However, in the spirit of State flexibility and ensuring that funds go to the areas of the greatest need, a State is not required to spend 2 percent of the NHS apportionment if they can certify to the Secretary that their intermodal connectors are adequate.  I think my colleagues see all throughout this bill that we are granting more latitude for the States to determine their fate. It is a recognition that the States know their needs better than we know them in most cases. Consequently, if they can do something better, why dictate something from the Federal Government when they are able to do a better job themselves.  Section 1204 is construction of ferry boats and ferry terminal facilities. TEA-21 established a discretionary program for the construction of ferry boats and ferry terminal facilities. This bill creates a new permanent section in title 23 for this TEA-21 program. The program is designed to provide for the important construction of ferry boats, ferry terminals, and approaches to facilities that are part of the Nation's highway system and constitute ``last mile'' connections for ferries.  Section 1205 is designation of interstate highways. As part of this bill, Interstate Highway 86 in the State of New York is specifically designated as the Daniel Patrick Moynihan Interstate Highway in memory of our late colleague and friend who was not only a transportation safety expert but served his country in the House and Senate for many years.  It is important at this time to recognize that Daniel Patrick Moynihan was also the chairman of this committee that accomplished so much in the earlier years. And unbeknownst to most people on the committee, Daniel Patrick Moynihan was from my city of Tulsa, OK. So I am very supportive of this portion of the bill to make this designation for him.  This section also designates a segment of Interstate Highway 86 near towns of Painted Post and Corning in New York State as the Amo Houghton Bypass in recognition of the former Congressman's work in making I-86 possible. It is interesting, we have a Democrat and Republican getting these designations. It happens that I was elected in 1986 with Amo Houghton. He has made great contributions, and I am sure this is a very appropriate tribute to make to former Congressman Amo Houghton.  Section 1301, the Federal share. SAFETEA continues the statutory provisions that lay out what the Federal share for a highway project will be for different States based on the amount of Federal land within the States. The Federal share provisions of the current law use a sliding scale which permits States with large portions of Federal land to match Federal funds with fewer State dollars. This is understandable because the Federal lands would consume a good portion of some States, States such as New Mexico. Due to the decreasing taxing ability of States with high percentages of Federal lands, these States are given access to a higher Federal contribution for highway projects within their States.  The bill before us today modifies this provision slightly to simplify the calculation used to determine the Federal share rates that apply to each individual State. I might add, in this respect, this is something we found agreement with from both the States with large amounts of Federal land and States, such as my State of Oklahoma, that has a very small amount.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  