But before doing that, I have sat and listened very carefully while Senator Hatch was talking about the constitutional option and the response from the Senator from Illinois. Sometimes you have to leave the individuals and hear what is being said outside this Chamber.  I have a couple editorials I am going to read at this time. The first is from yesterday's Investors Business Daily. Granted, that is generally a fairly conservative publication, and the next editorial I will read certainly is not one that would be identified as even moderate or conservative.  Investors Business Daily says:       Rules of order: The Democrats would have us believe      filibustering is a time-honored constitutional and Senate      tradition. It's not. And it wasn't that long ago that they      felt quite differently.       A showdown now looms after Republicans on the Senate      Judiciary Committee used their 10-8 majority to move the      nominations of Janice Rogers Brown and Priscilla Owen for      federal appeals court seats to the full Senate.       Democrats threaten to filibuster these picks, Majority      Leader Bill Frist threatens to employ the unfortunately named      ``nuclear option'' restoring the quaint notion that 51 votes      constitutes a majority, and Vice President Dick Cheney says      he's willing to be the tie-breaking vote to ban filibusters      of judicial nominees.       Democrats are trying to portray GOP efforts to restore      majority rule to the Senate as it relates to judicial      nominations as an assault on the traditions of the Senate and      the Constitution itself. As if the filibuster were James      Madison's dying wish.       As a practical matter, the filibuster didn't even exist      until the 1830s, when it was used to block legislation and      not judicial picks. It was used by Democrats to defend      slavery and oppose the Civil Rights Act--hardly noble      purposes.       In 1841, the filibuster was used by Sen. John Calhoun to      defend slaveholding interests. In 1957, then-Democratic Sen.      Strom Thurmond held the floor for 24 hours straight to block      civil rights legislation. And in 1964, 18 Democrats and one      Republican blocked the Civil Rights Act for 2\1/2\ months.       In 1916, Senator Robert La Follette, a Republican, used it      to block legislation to let merchant ships arm themselves      against German U-boats. This prompted the Senate in 1917, at      the behest of President Wilson, a Democrat, to adopt the      first cloture rule, rule XXII, requiring a two-thirds to end      debate.       This was amended 60 years later by none other than Robert      Byrd, D-W.Va., the Senate's constitutional guardian and      conscience, who reduced it to a three-fifths requirement.       In sum: For the first 200 years of our republic, Senate      ``tradition'' never required 60 votes to approve judges.      Filibusters are neither an idea of the Founding Fathers nor a      historical tradition of the Senate. Cloture rules are a 20th      century phenomenon, with the current rule less than 30 years      old. Systematic filibustering of a president's appellate-     court nominees is totally unprecedented.       Democrats didn't always love the filibuster. In September      1999, in a debate over Clinton appellate-court nominees, Sen.      Patrick Leahy of Vermont thundered on the Senate floor:      ``Vote them up or down! That is what the Constitution speaks      of in our advise-and-consent capacity.'' An up-or-down vote,      he said then, was a ``constitutional responsibility.''       The year before, none other than Sen. Ted Kennedy of      Massachusetts solemnly intoned: ``We owe it to Americans to      give these (judicial) nominees a vote. If our Republican      colleagues don't like them, vote against them, but give them      a vote.''       In 1995, Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa proposed a plan to end      filibusters identical to one now proposed by Frist. The      Harkin plan was supported by 19 Democrats, including Sens.      Kennedy, Barbara Boxer of California, Joseph Lieberman of      Connecticut, Russell Feingold of Wisconsin and John Kerry of      Massachusetts.       Harkin proposed to establish a declining vote requirement      for cloture so that by the fourth cloture vote, a simple      majority of the Senate would suffice to end debate and allow      a floor vote on the matter at hand.       In the Constitution, when the Framers intended more than      simple majorities, they explicitly said so. For example, they      require a two-thirds majority to convict in an impeachment      trial, expel a member, override a presidential veto, approve      a treaty or propose a constitutional amendment.       Senate Democrats once opposed the filibustering of judicial      nominees; they now support and rail against a ``nuclear      option'' they once proposed themselves. Republicans should      expose this hypocrisy, stop worrying and learn to love the      bomb.  I will not read the whole editorial from the L.A. Times, from yesterday. I will read the first two paragraphs, in deference to my good friend from Indiana.  They said:       These are confusing days in Washington. Born-again      conservative Christians who strongly want to see President      Bush's judicial nominees voted on are leading the charge      against the Senate filibuster, and liberal Democrats are      born-again believers in that reactionary, obstructionist      legislative tactic. Practically every big-name liberal      senator you can think of derided the filibuster a decade ago      but now sees the error of his or her ways and will go to      amusing lengths to try to convince you that the change of      heart is explained by something deeper than the mere      difference between being in the majority and being in the      minority.       At the risk of seeming dull or unfashionable for not      getting our own intellectual makeover, we still think      judicial candidates nominated by a president deserve an up-     or-down vote in the Senate. We hardly see eye to eye with the      far right on social issues, and we oppose some of these      judicial nominees, but we urge Republican leaders to press      ahead with their threat to nuke the filibuster. The so-called      nuclear option entails a finding by a straight majority that      filibusters are inappropriate in judicial confirmation      battles.  I ask unanimous consent that this entire editorial be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  