He has submitted the first amendment to this bill, an amendment as meaningful to Oklahoma and other States as to South Dakota. We thank the Senator for his effort.  We invite other Members to offer their amendments. I am not implying they will all be that easy, but we invite our Senators to offer amendments.  I was going over section 1104, the most complicated section in the bill, the equity bonus section. We talked about the fact it does protect States that are of a lower income, densely populated States, States that have our donor status, States that are donee status. This is an important part of the bill.  The scope or percentage of funding included in the equity bonus and in the program remains the same, at 92.5 percent as TEA-21. This is significant. That means 92.5 percent of everything in this bill, whatever it ends up being, whether $284 billion or another amount, is done through this equitable manner. It minimizes what a lot of people would criticize as being pork for special projects.  In order to craft a successful formula, we have to balance the needs of donor and donee States. I will be the first to acknowledge this balance, as with any compromise, is not perfect. A few minutes ago we talked about compromises and they aren't perfect.  However, I can say with, I am sure, the agreement of the ranking minority member, there were many compromises made during the construction of this bill over the past 2\1/2\ years the Senator from Vermont disagreed with and with which I disagreed. But in the spirit of compromise we were able to get these things done.  My colleagues in representing donee and donor States that received lower rates of return or growth rates than they feel fair have made this fact very clear. I am sympathetic to the concerns of both donor and donees in this situation. They both have significant transportation needs that cannot be ignored. Addressing their concerns is more difficult in the last year due to the fact we have less money.  When we were dealing with the bill we passed out of the Senate and sent to conference last year, just at about this time, it was at a higher level, and that did guarantee every State would reach, at the end of the 6-year period, at least a 95-percent return. I know my people in the State of Oklahoma wanted a 95-percent return, and they were very disappointed when we were unable to get it out of conference, when I had every expectation we would get it out of conference.  So now, in order to get up to a higher amount, we have to be dealing with a different funding level. We have to wait and let the process take place and see what happens on that.  Section 1105 is the revenue aligned budget authority, the RABA. The huge 2003 negative adjustment in revenue aligned budget authority, or RABA, made it clear that some changes were needed to the RABA calculation in order to provide greater stability, more accurate predictions, and less fluctuation in coming years. As I have indicated before, I believe the underlying principle of RABA is an important fiscal policy and that highway expenditures should be tied to highway trust fund revenues.  This bill modifies the RABA calculation so that annual funding level adjustments are less dependent on future anticipated receipts and more dependent on actual receipts to the highway trust fund. If the RABA adjustment in a fiscal year is negative, the amount of contract authority apportioned to the States for that year will be reduced by an amount equal to the negative RABA.  Under TEA-21, negative adjustments were delayed until the succeeding fiscal year. Under the new method--the change we are making--no reduction to apportionments is made for RABA when the cash balance on the highway trust fund, other than the mass transit account, exceeds $6 billion.  Section 1201 is the Infrastructure Performance and Maintenance Program, the IPAM. The Infrastructure Performance and Maintenance Program is intended for ready-to-go projects that States can undertake and complete within a relatively short timeframe. This is very important because we are now--I anticipate we will pass this bill--into the construction season. Some of my friends from Northern States have much shorter construction seasons than some, such as the Presiding Officer. They have 12 months a year for construction. We are not quite that fortunate.  So this allows those projects that are ready to go, to go ahead--as soon as this bill is signed into law--and in a very short timeframe to be completed.  As a result, States are given 6 months to obligate IPAM funds. We designed this discretionary program to promote projects that result in immediate benefits for the highway system'scondition and performance, while avoiding long-term commitments of funds. The program also provides further economic stimulus to the economy and provides a way to aid in spending down balances in the highway trust fund.  States may obligate funds for projects eligible under Interstate Maintenance; the National Highway System; the Surface Transportation Program; the Highway Safety Improvement Program; Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement, the CMAQ Program; and the Highway Bridge Program.  Eligible projects under the IPAM Program include the preservation, maintenance, and improvement of existing highway elements, including hurricane evacuation routes, operational improvements at points of recurring highway congestion, and systematic changes to manage or improve areas of congestion.  Section 1202 is the future of the surface transportation system. In order to be prepared for future reauthorizations of this legislation, we require the Secretary of Transportation to perform a long-term investigation into the surface transportation infrastructure needs of the Nation. Specifically, the bill directs the Secretary to look at, first, the current condition and performance of the interstate system; next, the future of the interstate system in 15, 30, and 50 years; third, the expected demographics and business uses that impact the surface transportation system; fourth, the effect of changing vehicle types, modes of transportation, traffic volumes, and fleet size and weights; fifth, possible design changes; sixth, urban, rural, interregional and national needs; seventh, improvements in emergency preparedness; eighth, real-time performance data collection; and, ninth, future funding needs and potential approaches to collect those funds.  Now, that concludes section 1202.  Mr. President, it is my understanding that a Senator is here who wants the floor for a purpose other than the highway bill.  