President, the regular order is the cloture motion on the motion to proceed to the highway bill. This is one we are very much concerned about. I have said several times I am hoping Members will come to the floor and speak on the highway bill. I know the distinguished Senator fromIllinois wants to be heard right now. Let me only make one comment.  Earlier on I talked a little bit about the Energy bill. The distinguished junior Senator from Massachusetts started off with a quote by the President that was not quite complete. What the President said was the Energy bill would have no immediate impact on gas prices but long-term gas prices will be affected by an energy bill. I made that very clear a few minutes ago when I talked about the fact we have been trying to get an energy bill since the 1980s.  I don't say this in a partisan way because we tried to get an energy bill during the Reagan administration and the Carter administration before that, the first Bush administration, and the Clinton administration. We were unable to do it. It was not until this President came along and offered an energy bill or an energy policy for America. It is long in waiting. Obviously, supply and demand tells us that portion of energy that is generated by oil and gas is going to be cheaper if we are able to do it locally and do it in this country without depending upon foreign sources of oil.  We know what happened in OPEC days back in the 1970s. We know we can be held hostage again. It is a very serious problem. But an energy bill should include all forms of energy. I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts, we should be concentrating also on technology, on renewables. Certainly I disagree with the Senator from Massachusetts when he says he wants clean coal technology and he wants to be able to utilize coal. It was the Democrats in the committee I chair who killed the Clear Skies--didn't kill it, but delayed it--Initiative of the President which would have the most dramatic reduction on pollutants, on NOx, SOx, and mercury pollution than any President has ever advocated in the history of America, a 70-percent reduction. To do this we had to continue to have clean coal technology. That is part of the bill, as are oil and gas and nuclear and renewables.  We made an effort to do that and were unable to do it on a partisan line. If the Senator from Massachusetts is interested in having a bipartisan approach to the use of clean coal technology and to expand the use of coal, we need to look at all of the above, all of the forms of energy. I will join him in that program.  The Senator from Illinois wants to be recognized as in morning business. Since I do want to get back to the highway bill, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from Illinois be recognized for 30 minutes as in morning business and then immediately following his 30 minutes, I be recognized for 30 minutes as in morning business, and then we would go back to the regular order. I encourage Members who are interested in the motion to proceed to the highway bill to come to the floor, to be heard, and so we can recognize them for that purpose.  I yield the floor.  