President, I thank my dear friend from Arizona.  Because of the unique circumstances that exist today, I am going to be doing something that is totally different than I normally do on this the annual hypocrisy day in the Senate. I am actually going to vote for this. Normally, I vote the other way. The reason I am is because--the Senator from Arizona and I both came here in the same year; we have been here 19 years--I have never seen a situation like there is today. We have a President who inherited a military that needed to be built up again. At the same time, we go into a war, and then Katrina happens. I think everywhere we can we need to tighten belts. For that reason, I will go ahead and support it this time, which normally I don't.  I say this in almost a humorous way. It is the annual hypocrisy day. Everyone is always down here so they can go home and say: Look what I have done. I have stopped us from having a pay raise. Aren't I wonderful? I need to be reelected.  There are several dynasties in the Senate. They have been here for many years. We have the Rockefeller dynasty, the Kennedy dynasty. I love the people. I disagree politically with them most of the time, but we have these. It is a fact. But the question I would ask is, Should you have to be a Kennedy or a Rockefeller to join the Senate? I don't have this problem. I have other sources of income. I am very thankful for that. I have other things I put this money into, other than salary.  But I would say this: We have had a lot of colleagues, top-notch people. I remember Dan Coats. He was a Senator from Indiana. Democrats and Republicans alike would say that he made some of the greatest contributions to this body that anyone has ever made. Senator Dan Coats was limited in his income. He found that each year that went by, they would stop a cost-of-living increase. With his kids going to college, he resigned. He had to retire from the Senate because of that. Do we want the Dan Coatses here, or do we want just people who are wealthy in their own right?  I say this in a friendly way. I love everybody who is going to vote for or against this thing. But in the future, we are going to change it. I came down last night. I was looking at my monitor in my office. I saw that this amendment was coming up. I ran down to put in a second-degree amendment. That second-degree amendment would have read, because this is the last free ride a lot of these people are going to get around here, we are going to make it out in the open so everybody knows what is really going on. This idea of saying ``no but take the dough'' is going to be a thing of the past.  My amendment read:       To provide that any Member of Congress who votes for any      amendment (or against     the tabling of any amendment) that prevents a cost of living      adjustment for Members of Congress shall not receive the      amount of that adjustment.  That is a very logical and responsible thing to do. I am looking for something else to put this on so that next year, when the annual hypocrisy day comes, we will be able to be a little bit more responsible.  I yield the floor. 