President, today I rise in support of this resolution recognizing the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association on its 50th anniversary and also recognizing its members' vital contribution to the oil and gas industry of the United States.  The Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association--OIPA--was founded by Roy Woods on January 13, 1955. Roy Woods and other founders possessed the leadership and vision to establish a unified voice for independent crude oil and natural gas producers.  The founders were independent oil and natural gas producers, and its membership still comprises independents, both large and small.  OIPA is my State's largest oil and gas advocacy group, representing over 1,500 member companies in the crude oil and natural gas exploration/production industry, as well as affiliated businesses. OIPA is also a member of the Independent Petroleum Association of America.  OIPA's mission is to enhance and protect the ability of Oklahoma's independent oil and natural gas producers to conduct their business and to ensure a strong energy supply.  OIPA is a proactive and diverse organization striving to provide a broad range of services to its members and the industry it supports.  OIPA has worked successfully on behalf of Oklahoma independent producers on State and national issues, advocating for State and national governmental policies that protect and enhance the Oklahoma independent producers' ability to do business.  Most recently, I have worked with OIPA in the introduction of the Natural Gas Production Act of 2005--S. 926, which I introduced, that would extend section 29 to include natural gas produced from depths below 15,000 feet. This bill is strongly supported by OIPA members and I thank them for their support.  The Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association has been and will continue to be an invaluable asset in developing and promoting the oil and gas industry in the United States.  I am introducing this resolution as an expression of my appreciation. I congratulate the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association for its 50-year history and its contributions to the oil and gas industry in Oklahoma and the United States.  