President, even though the Founding Fathers were very clear and spoke of ``Nature's God'' and of the ``Creator'' in the Declaration of Independence, the Federal courts are increasingly trying to drive every vestige of faith from public life.  On April 30, 2003, came an example from the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals.  As the Boston Globe reported it:       Judges bar prayer at public colleges. In a precedent-     setting ruling against prayer at a State college, a Federal      appeals court has barred the Virginia Military Institute from      writing and reciting a prayer before cadets eat their evening      meals.  VMI and then the Citadel down in South Carolina have scrapped their prayers since that Federal court ruling, though Justice Stevens declared:       There is no injunction presently barring VMI from      reinstituting the supper prayer.  The Naval Academy in Annapolis has also been reviewing its policy. The ACLU, the American Civil Liberties Union of Maryland, is calling on the academy to review its practices of leading the students in prayer.  Jeff Jacoby is a columnist for the Boston Globe who wrote in 1996:       Have you heard about the Virginia politician who wanted      references to God injected into the Declaration of      Independence? Or about the activist from Massachusetts who      urged making the Fourth of July a quasi-religious holiday?      These proposals were made 220 years ago. Today they would be      swiftly denounced by the ACLU, the Democratic Congressional      Campaign Committee, and a slew of editorial pages.  It was just last year that the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled to have ``under God'' taken from our Pledge of Allegiance.  We go around, as I do in my State of Oklahoma, spending a lot of time talking to people. I know what we do up here is significant. We pass laws. We have a lot of rules and regulations coming out of the White House, out of the various committees, including the one I chair, the Environment and Public Works Committee, but when you are on the street, it is the legislating from the bench that bothers people more than anything else. And certainly taking ``under God'' out of our Pledge of Allegiance is right at the top of that list.  Now, I agree with my friend in the other body, Congressman Walter Jones, who has led this fight in the House of Representatives, when he asks the question:       How much longer will we stand by and allow others to ignore      the very God upon whom our Nation was founded?  I also agree with the position of the Concerned Women for America that:       Prayer is essential to the protection of our families, our      communities and our nation. We believe that the men and women      who put themselves in harm's way have the right to give      public thanks to God and ask for His blessings. But some are      trying to take this right away.  Ronald Ray and Linda Jeffrey of Concerned Women for America recap:       On July 11, 2005 the Marine Corps Times announced the Anti-     Defamation League's reissued call to cease the traditional      noon-meal prayer at the Naval Academy, and the Academy's      refusal to surrender. The ADL's demands echo the April of      2003 complaint by the ACLU, which could not find a      plaintiff to pursue a lawsuit.  This is kind of interesting. The ACLU was trying to find one cadet at the Naval Academy to act as a plaintiff. They couldn't find one.  Take a good look at this painting by Arnold Frieberg of ``The Prayer at Valley Forge.'' Since the time of George Washington and the founding of our country, there is unbroken historic precedent of leader-led prayer sustaining American fighting men on the battlefield through every American war. In his Farewell Address, George Washington said:       I consider it an indispensable duty to close this last      solemn act of my official life by commending the interests of      our dearest country to the protection of Almighty God and      those who have the superintendence of them into his holy      keeping.  On the 4th of July, John Adams of Massachusetts said:       It ought to be commemorated as the day of deliverance, by      solemn acts of devotion to God Almighty.  The centrality of prayer for the protection of those in peril upon the sea and acknowledgment of divine providence is an official tenet of preparation of the American military. America's dependence upon prayer exhibits itself before, and in the Declaration of Independence, and in the Inaugural Address of every President. Congress opens each day with a prayer. The tradition of prayer continued on June 6, 1944, when President Roosevelt led the entire Nation in prayer during his radio address, lifting up our assault forces and the families of those who would give the supreme sacrifice in the D-Day invasion. The President did that before the invasion.  During World War II, GEN George Patton led the famous prayer for favorable weather during the crucial 1944 Battle of the Bulge, and the weather dramatically improved. Patton issued 3,200 training letters to officers and chaplains in the Third Army to ``urge, instruct, and indoctrinate every fighting man to pray as well as to fight.'' That is George Patton.  In one of the largest social science research projects in history, the Social Science Research Council reported after World War II that soldiers selected prayer most frequently as their source of combat motivation. From 1774 until today, more than 67 Armed Forces prayer books have been widely and efficiently distributed to our fighting forces during war, from the American war for independence to the war on terror we are fighting today.  A sampling of just two prayer books distributed during World War II and the Korean war contain recommended prayers from 34 senior uniformed military authorities, including Bradley, Eisenhower, MacArthur, Marshall, and Patton.  Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Admiral Thomas Moorer, concludes:       Prayer for the common good and acknowledgment of Divine      Providence is a central, official and historic tenet of the      combat leadership preparation for the American Military,      particularly officer training and particularly in times of      national peril or war.  Our Constitution demands the freedom to worship freely, and our future leaders, our men and women in military academies across the country, may soon be denied that freedom for which many have died to ensure that freedom for all of us.  Last year, 2004, the Supreme Court decided not to hear the ACLU challenge to cadet-led prayers at Virginia Military Institute. VMI, that is where it all started. That decision allowed the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals decision to stand which prohibited VMI from sponsoring a daily supper prayer. Right after that, the Citadel followed their lead.  Supreme Court Justice Stevens pointed out in his decision for the majority not to hear the case that, in contrast, the Sixth and Seventh Circuit Courts have rejected challenges to nondenominational prayer at the college level, reasoning that ``college-age students are not particularly susceptibleto pressure from peers towards conformity.''  It is important to acknowledge here that the Sixth and Seventh Circuits, as well as the Fourth Circuit, all agree that there is not a problem in our colleges and universities. The VMI prayer was voluntary. Stevens states that there is no ``direct conflict among Circuits,'' relying on the factual differences between the cases in the different circuit courts.  Justice Scalia writes, however, that ``the basis for the distinguishing--that this was a separate prayer at a state military college, whereas other cases involved graduation prayers at state nonmilitary colleges--is, to put it mildly, a frail one.''  Scalia continues:       In fact, it might be said that the former is more, rather      than less, likely to be constitutional since group prayer      before military mess is more traditional than group prayer at      ordinary state colleges.  That is the state of the law today. Currently, they are not praying at VMI and at the Citadel. There is some problem at the Naval Academy.  Frustrated by the failure to find anyone in the Naval Academy to serve as a plaintiff, the ACLU now asks the Armed Services Committee of the Congress to take action. My amendment is designed to send an unsubtle signal to any court that entertains an ACLU suit against the military academies. It will stand as an indication of congressional intent on the matter. That is important. A lot of times congressional intent is not. However, when it is stated, when a decision is being made on a matter like this, it is significant. It is that intent that we want to have as an amendment to the bill today.  Judges inclined to back mealtime prayer will be able to point to this legislation as an argument for judicial deference to the will of Congress and the executive branch.  My amendment's language was in the House-passed version of last year's National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2005. This year I want to see a recorded vote in the Senate to make clear exactly who agrees with this provision and who does not and to show the strength of support for this provision. While debating this National Defense Authorization Act, and hereafter, let us honor our heroes and those who have returned home and those who sacrificed their lives by standing against those liberals who would seek to challenge their God-given right to pray to a living Lord.  What I would like to do is yield the floor. First, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Allard be added as a cosponsor of the amendment.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Graham). Without objection, it is so ordered.  