 Mr. President, first of all, let me commend Senator Hagel for the work he has done and for the realistic approach he is taking. Right now, there is so much misinformation out there in conjunction with the whole issue of climate change.  Someone said the other day that climate change is not a scientific discussion, it is a religion. People have such strong feelings about it or they want to believe so badly. If my staff had the charts, I would show a few of them, but I will wait until we are debating the McCain-Lieberman bill to show them.  I vividly remember not too long ago the front page of Time magazine, the front page of Science magazine, huge pictures: Another ice age is coming; we are all going to die. If some people cannot be hysterical and think the end is coming, they are not happy.  One important area in this debate is to recognize, as I think the Senator from Idaho and the Senator from Ohio both did, that this President has done quite a bit more than science would justify in pursuing the notion, first of all, is there a warming trend that is outside of natural variances; No. 2, if that is the case, is it due to anthropogenic gasses--methane, CO2. I suggest science does not show that either is true. It is not just me saying this. I don't know why people totally ignore the fact that we had the Heidelburg accords, when 4,000 scientists questioned that there is any major change.  By the way, this morning's Wall Street Journal plots out the changes in the Earth's surface since 1000 A.D. and what has perhaps caused these changes. They have come to the conclusion that it could not be anthropogenic gases because at that time there were not any. There were not human-induced gases until about 1940.  In 1940, what happened? In 1940, there was a cooling period that went all the way to the end of the 1970s. That is when you saw all the articles saying the ice age is coming. The largest increase in anthropogenic gases came right around 1940 and following World War II. You know, instead of precipitating a warming period, it precipitated a cooling period. So just the opposite of what they are saying seems to be true.  We have the Heidelburg accords, 4,000 scientists say there is not a relationship between manmade gases and climate change. Then we have the Oregon Petition and 17,000 scientists coming to the same conclusion. We have the Smithsonian-Harvard peer-reviewed study that evaluated everything done so far and came to that same conclusion.  Since 1999, science has been on the other side refuting the fact that, No. 1, climate is changing; and No. 2, it is due to manmade gases or to anthropogenic gases.  People do not realize what this President has done. One would think by reading some of the magazines, publications, and watching TV that this President is not doing a good job with the environment. He is doing everything he can to determine if there is a relationship between these anthropogenic gases and climate change. If anyone does not believe it, look at the amount of money being spent. His 2006 budget proposed $5.5 billion for climate change programs, energy tax incentives, and these types of things. I see the Hagel bill as extending what the President is doing right now and is actually addressing what is happening internationally.  I was very pleased to be part of the 95-to-0 vote on the Hagel-Byrd amendment some time ago that said that if you go to Kyoto meeting, we should oppose signing on to any kind of a treaty that does not treat developing countries the same as developed nations. That is exactly what happened.  Now, at least in the Hagel approach, we are looking internationally. It is true, what the Senator from Idaho said a few minutes ago. Over the State of Ohio, if you get high up, that which is up there originated in China. The pollution--not that that is pollution, because it is not, it is a fertilizer. But in terms of SOx, NOx, mercury, they do not stop at State lines.  We have a President giving the benefit of the doubt to the fact there might be something there. He is putting money into research. The Hagel bill is carrying that on to a logical conclusion.  Quite frankly, when the Hagel bill first came up, I was a little concerned because the price tag, as I calculated it--and I would certainly stand to be corrected if it is not accurate--would have been $4 billion over a 5-year period; around $800 million a year. To add that to what is already being expended--perhaps we are talking about too much money. He has changed it and said such sums ``as necessary.'' This is a little bit disturbing to me. We do not know who will be in the White House. We do not know who will control Congress. We do not know what will happen in the future. I hate to leave it open-ended like that.  When we look at the arguments out there, we will have ample time to debate when the next amendment comes up--the McCain Lieberman amendment--that the science clearly has turned around and is in favor right now of refuting some of the earlier suggestions.  This whole thing started in 1998 when Michael Mann from Virginia came out with his hockey stick theory. He plotted out all the temperatures and came through the 20th century. Temperatures started going up as of late on the hockey stick. What he neglected to realize, prior to that time, the medieval warming period, which was around 1000 to 1300 A.D., the temperatures were actually higher at that time than they were in the 20th century.  All these things are going to be discussed in the next amendment. I believe that reason is prevailing in this approach. I applaud the Senator from Nebraska for coming up with something measured and reasonable that will help convince a lot of the people that are right now participating in this religion called global warming to realize maybe this is something for which we shouldn't have to suffer economically.  A lot of people have asked the question, If the science is not there and if we know as a result of the Wharton Econometric Survey that it will cause a dramatic increase in the cost of energy--it will cost each average family of four $2,700 a year--if the science is not there, what is the motivation? I suggest there are people outside of the United States who would love to see us become partners and sign on to the Kyoto treaty.  Jacques Chirac said global warming is not about climate change but for leveling the playing field for big business worldwide. The same thing was stated by Margot Wallstrom, the Environmental Minister for the European Union, that it is leveling that playing field.  Cooler heads are prevailing, and in this amendment we have a chance to look at this, study this as time goes by, and take whatever actions are necessary in the future but not react to fictitious science and to science that just flat is not there.  I applaud the Senator from Nebraska for the fine work he has done. I believe this will be a good approach to making this through the current debate.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Martinez). The Senator from New Mexico.  