President, today there are 82 vacancies among the Federal judiciary. We can see another 15 vacancies on the horizon. If we confirm Jeremy Fogel to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California in a vote this evening, then we will have confirmed 11 judges so far this year. That is less than four a month. When you know that you have close to 100 vacancies, 4 a month doesn't cut it. The President spoke to this issue; the Chief Justice spoke to it. The Senate can do a better job.  At the end of last year the Senate was confirming on average three judges a week. In response to the plea by the Chief Justice in the 1997 Year End Report, the Senate can and should do better this year.  Some still resist acknowledging the judicial vacancies crisis and contend that there are plenty of Federal Judges to handle the work of the courts and criticize the Judges for expanding their own jurisdiction. That is certainly not the case among the Federal Judges I know or the Federal Courts with which I am familiar.  We should not perpetuate circumstances that require Chief Judges to impose so heavily on senior judges and visiting judges. That is why I introduced the judgeship bill recommended by the Judicial Conference that calls for creating 55 additional judges. Moreover, it appears to me that it is the Congress of the United States that has been expanding Federal Court jurisdiction and role--and may do so again if the Republican leadership has its way and passes its version of the juvenile crime bill and its takings bill.  There is a need--in a growing number of cases, the desperate need--to fill the almost 100 vacancies that continue to plague the federal justice system. The President has spoken to the issue both last September and in his most recent State of the Union. The Chief Justice spoke to the matter again in the 1997 Year End Report. I have spoken until I am blue in the face. The Senate can do a better job to fulfill its constitutional responsibility and to support the third co-equal branch of our government.  As the Chief Justice has pointed out, confirmations are taking longer and longer to the detriment of greater numbers of Americans and the national cause of prompt justice. I fear that the current delays will persist until each of you, concerned judges from around the country, begins to express outrage at the slowdown on judicial confirmations. Rather than have the Senate persist in efforts to micro manage the judiciary and attack its independence and integrity, I am seeking to have the Senate get on about the business of confirming judges and provided the resources courts need.  Today 7 judicial nominees are listed on the Senate calendar. Unlike earlier days in the Senate when nominees were not made to wait for weeks and months on the Senate calendar before they could be considered, that is now becoming the rule.  I calculate that the average number of days for those few lucky nominees who are finally confirmed is continuing to escalate. In 1994 and 1995 judicial nominees took on average 86 or 87 days from nomination to confirmation. In 1996, that number rose to a record 183 days on average. Last year, that number rose dramatically yet again. From initial nomination to confirmation, the average time it took for Senate action on the 36 judges confirmed in 1997 was 206 days.  During the entire four years of the Bush Administration there were only three judicial nominations that were pending before the Senate for as long as 9 months before being confirmed and none took as long as a year. In 1997 alone there were 10 judicial nominations that took more than 9 months before a final favorably vote and 9 of those 10 extended over a year to a year and one-half. Of the 10 judges confirmed so far this year, Margaret Morrow took 21 months, Ann Aiken took 26 months, and Hilda Tagle took 31 months.  Last year the President sent us 79 judicial nominations but the Senatecompleted action on fewer than half of them. The percentage of judicial nominees confirmed over the course of last year was lower than for any Congress over the last three decades and, possibly, at any time in our history. Left pending were 42 judicial nominees, including 11 who were first nominated in 1995 and 1996, and 21 to fill judicial emergencies. Still pending before the Senate are 6 nominees first nominated in 1995 and 3 more first nominated in 1996.  Unfortunately, over the last three years, the Senate has barely matched the one-year total of judges confirmed in 1994 when we were on course to end the vacancy gap. We have less than 70 working days left in this Congress. The Senate has confirmed only 10 judges.  We should start by clearing the Senate calendar of judicial nominees this week. I would like to commend the Senator from Illinois, Senator Durbin, for his action in strong support of the two outstanding judicial nominees from his home state who have been languishing on the Senator calendar for months. I know Senator Durbin took action only after he had exhausted all his other options.  It is time for the Senate to consider the nominations of G. Patrick Murphy and Judge Michael McCuskey. The Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously reported these two nominations to the full Senate on November 6, 1997--more than 5 months ago. Their confirmations are desperately needed to end the vacancy crisis in the district courts of Illinois.  Pat Murphy is an outstanding judicial nominee. He has practiced law in the State of Illinois for 20 years as a trial lawyer. During his legal career, Mr. Murphy has made an extensive commitment to pro bono service--dedicating approximately 20% of his working time to representing disadvantaged clients in his community. The American Bar Association recognized this extensive legal experience when it rated him as qualified for this nomination.  Judge Michael McCuskey is an outstanding judicial nominee. Judge McCuskey served as a Public Defender for Marshall County in Lacon, IL from 1976 to 1988. In 1988, he left the Public Defender's office and the law firm of Pace, McCuskey and Galley to sit on the bench in the 10th Judicial Circuit in Peoria, IL.  The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court has called the rising number of vacancies ``the most immediate problem we face in the federal judiciary.'' There is no excuse for the Senate's delay in considering these two fine nominees for Districts plagued with judicial emergency vacancies.  I have urged those who have been stalling the consideration of the President's judicial nominations to reconsider and to work with us to have the Judiciary Committee and the Senate fulfil its constitutional responsibility. Those who delay or prevent the filling of these vacancies must understand that they are delaying or preventing the administration of justice. Courts cannot try cases, incarcerate the guilty or resolve civil disputes without judges.  The mounting backlogs of civil and criminal cases in the dozens of emergency districts, in particular, are growing more critical by the day. This is particularly true in the Central and Southern District Courts of Illinois, where these outstanding nominees will serve once they are confirmed.  I hope that the Majority Leader will soon set a date certain to consider the nominations of G. Patrick Murphy and Judge Michael McCuskey and do so promptly.  I hope there will be a realization by those in this body who have started down this destructive path of attacking the judiciary and stalling the confirmation of qualified nominees to the federal bench that those efforts do not serve the national interest or the American people. I hope that we can once again remove these important matters from partisan and ideological politics.  