President, dueling for the lead on the front page of every newspaper in this country over the past month have been two stories: Whether the United States will send American soldiers into battle with Iraq, whether people will die in Iraq on both sides, or whether the President of the United States had an affair months ago with a former White House intern. Fueled by what have been titillating leaks and innuendo, the story of the alleged affair and Special Prosecutor Kenneth Starr's investigation has, more often than not, stolen the lead.  I have spoken before about the high volume of information that apparently originates from prosecutor Starr's office. The press has cited as sources ``several Federal investigators,'' ``one official involved in the discussions,'' or ``sources close to independent counsel Kenneth Starr,'' and ``government officials.'' Whether or not the material concerns matters before the grand jury may be relevant to whether a criminal violation occurred, but the distinction is of no relevance as a matter of prosecutorial ethics. It is prosecutorial ethics that I am concerned about.  The distinguished senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, who shares with me a former career as a prosecutor--a career both of us are proud of--knows that a prosecutor's case should be tried in court and not the press. When I spoke about Mr. Starr earlier, Senator Specter came to the floor on January 27 to repeat Mr. Starr's ``emphatic denial'' that his office was in any way responsible for these stories, as Senator Specter had a perfect right to do. But less than 2 weeks after that denial--the denial made by Mr. Starr--Mr. Starr acknowledged, on February 5, his ``regret that there have been instances, so it would appear, when that [grand jury secrecy] rule has not been abided by,'' and announced that he was initiating an internal investigation to determine whether his office was responsible for the leaks. Perhaps his ``emphatic denial'' was too hastily put.  We will see if Mr. Starr pursues that internal investigation of his own office with anything even approaching his zealous pursuit of the President and the First Lady.  One of the most disturbing spectacles we have seen from Mr. Starr's inquest is that of a mother being hauled before a grand jury to reveal her intimate conversations with her own daughter. And she is, of course, not the only one. According to press accounts, Monica Lewinsky's close friends have had to fly in from California to testify, at whatever expense that might be, to hiring lawyers, and so forth. Bystanders--people who just happened to be standing there--at White House events where both the President and the former intern were both present have also been given grand jury subpoenas, as have those who used to supervise her work or work alongside the former intern. In this investigation, even the possibility of gossip based upon gossip, hearsay based upon hearsay, is enoughto bring you into the chambers of Kenneth Starr. For witnesses, this may be a matter of having to spend all the money you have saved for a college education, your children's education, or anything else, to pay for lawyers, if there is even a possibility that you might have been somewhere in the area and might have known something--even though you are not alleged to have done anything wrong, even though nothing wrong was alleged to have happened while you were standing there.  But, as a father, no tactic was more shocking than the treatment that Mr. Starr gave the mother of the former White House intern at the center of this controversy. Every single parent wants to be able to provide comfort and advice to a son or a daughter who is in trouble or in need of solace. No attorney, no doctor, no clergymen, no psychotherapist, no spouse would, in most States, be faced with the awful choice of the mother caught in the machinations of Mr. Starr's expanding investigation. Her choice, as I understand it, was refuse to testify--refuse to say what confidence she had shared with her own daughter--and, if she did refuse, be faced with contempt proceedings, including possible jail time. She would either go to jail or betray her child's confidences.  This is the United States of America. This is not the Star Chamber of hundreds of years ago. This is not the Spanish Inquisition. No child, no matter what their age, expects his or her conversations with a parent to be disclosed to prosecuting attorneys, compelling a parent to betray his or her child's confidence is repugnant to fundamental notions of family, fidelity, and privacy. Indeed, I can think of nothing more destructive of the family and family values, nor more undermining of frank communications between parent and child, than the example of a zealous prosecutor who decides to take advantage of close-knit ties between mother and daughter, of a prosecutor who said, if a mother loves a daughter and a daughter will go to a mother to talk to that mother, then we are going to grab the mother. Great family values, Mr. President. Great family values, Mr. Starr.  As one law professor said, ``I want my child to be able to come to me and share anything in the world. Neither of us should be fearful in the back of our minds, that if I'm hauled in front of a grand jury, I'll either have to hurt my child or put myself in legal jeopardy.'' If my child were in trouble and chose, as I hope that child would, to come to me, I would be loathe to have to refer my child to an attorney or priest or psychiatrist, because they have a privilege, and say, ``You can't talk to your own father or your own mother.'' Family bonds of blood, affection, loyalty and tradition deserve as much protection as the professional relationships of trust that are already protected by legal privileges.  Frankly, I can tell you right now if a child of mine confided in me, no grand jury, no prosecutor, no runaway special counsel would get me to talk about my child. I would tell that special prosecutor, ``Have you no shame? Have you no shame?'' I would go to jail before I would ever disclose one word that a child of mine said to me. That is the feeling this Vermonter has. And that is the feeling of the shame of a prosecutor who would force a mother--a mother--to talk about what her daughter may have told her. It is awful.  Four States already have adopted or recognized some variant of the parent-child privilege. One Federal circuit to consider whether a parent-child privilege should be recognized in Federal proceedings, refused to recognize this privilege stating:       The legislature, not the judiciary, is institutionally      better equipped to perform the balancing of the competing      policy issues required in deciding whether the recognition of      a parent-child privilege is in the best interests of society.      Congress, through its legislative mechanisms, is also better      suited for the task of defining the scope of any prospective      privilege. . . . In short, if a new privilege is deemed      worthy of recognition, the wiser course in our opinion is to      leave the adoption of such a privilege to Congress. In re      Grand Jury Proceedings, 103 F.3d 1140 (3d Cir. 1996).  The third circuit is right to let Congress consider this important issue. We in Congress should take up this challenge since we apparently cannot trust the sound judgment of certain prosecutors. I am going to have a bill which will be a start.  We have to assume the reason we have not had legislation on this before is that prosecutors showed some discretion. A prosecutor is the most powerful position, usually, in government. He or she can decide not only when to bring a prosecution but when to withhold, whether to initiate an investigation or whether to withhold. Prosecutors generally do not think of bringing parents in and browbeating them. But I am going to ask for a study to see what legislation we might have to prevent abuses in this area.  Perhaps we should also confirm in legislation that there is a Secret Service privilege. On this issue I am glad the Justice Department has apparently concluded there is such a privilege. Presidential security and privacy demand such a privilege. Imagine if there were no such privilege. The challenge to this privilege could result in changing the way our President and other officials, including foreign dignitaries, are able to be protected. To avoid being witness to private conduct, will security details be forced to change where they stand, where officers are placed, how many officers are assigned, and so on? Without a privilege, will officers on security detail be forced to carry litigation insurance to pay for attorneys when they are called upon to testify as to what they observed? We should not be forcing officers to change the way they carry out their duties simply to avoid being called upon to testify by investigators of unprecedented zealotry.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent I might have 5 more minutes.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kyl). Without objection, it is so ordered.  