President, I know everyone is concerned about protecting this country's children from those who would prey upon them. Those concerns have intensified in recent years with the growing popularity of the internet and the world wide web. Cyberspace gives users access to a wealth of information; it connects people from around the world. But it also creates new opportunities for sexual predators and child pornographers to ply their trade. The challenge is to protect our children from exploitation in cyberspace while ensuring that the vast democratic forum of the Internet remains an engine for the free exchange of ideas and information.  The bill that we are introducing today meets this challenge. While it is not a cure-all for the scourge of child pornography, it is a good step toward limiting the ability of cyber-pornographers and predators from harming children.  This bill differs markedly from H.R. 3494, the child protection and sexual predator bill that the House passed last June. I should note that this bill mirrors a Hatch-Leahy-DeWine substitute to H.R. 3494, which passed the Judiciary Committee by unanimous consent this afternoon.  I thank the Chairman for working with me to fix the many problems in H.R. 3494, and to make this bill more focused and measured. Briefly, I would like to highlight and explain some of the differences between the bills.  As passed by the House, H.R. 3494 would make it a crime, punishable by up to 5 years' imprisonment, to do nothing more than ``contact'' a minor, or even just attempt to ``contact'' a minor, for the purpose of engaging in sexual activity. This provision does not appear in the Hatch-Leahy-DeWine bill. The act of making contact is not very far along the spectrum of an overt criminal act: it is only the expression of a criminal intention without follow through. A simple ``hello'' in an internet chat room, coupled with bad intentions, would expose the speaker to severe criminal sanctions. Targeting ``attempts'' to make contact would be even more like prosecuting a thought crime.  Another new crime created by the House bill prohibited the transmittal of identifying information about any person under 18 for the purpose of encouraging unlawful sexual activity. In its original incarnation, this provision would have had the absurd result of prohibiting a person under the age of consent from e-mailing her own address or telephone number to her boyfriend. We fixed this problem by making it clear that a violation must involve the transmission of someone else's identifying information. In addition, to eliminate any notice problem arising from the variations in state statutory rape laws, we lowered the age of the identified minor from 18 to 16--the federal age of consent. Finally, we clarified that the defendant must know that the person about whom he was transmitting identifying information was, in fact, under 16. This change was particularly important because, in the anonymous world of cyberspace, a person may have no way of knowing the age of the faceless person with whom he is communicating.  I had many of the same concerns regarding another provision of the House bill, which makes it a crime to transfer obscene material to a minor. Again, the Hatch-Leahy-DeWine bill lowers the age of minority from 18 to 16 and provides that the defendant must know he is dealing with someone so young. I would add that this provision of the bill applies only to ``obscene'' material, that is, material that enjoys no First Amendment protection whatever--material that is patently offensive to the average adult. The bill does not purport to proscribe the transferral of constitutionally protected material that may, however, be unsuitable for minors. Besides raising serious constitutional concerns, such a provision would also have the unacceptable consequence of reducing the level of discourse over the Internet to what would be suitable for a sandbox.  The original House bill would also have criminalized certain conduct directed at a person who had been ``represented'' to be a minor, even if that person was, in fact, an adult. The evident purpose was to make clear that the targets of sting operations are not relieved of criminal liability merely because their intended victim turned out to be an undercover agent and not a child. The new ``sting'' provisions addressed a problem that simply does not currently exist: no court has ever endorsed an impossibility defense along the lines anticipated by the House bill. The creation of special ``sting'' provisions in this one area could lend credence to impossibility defenses raised in other sting and undercover situations. At the same time, these provisions would have criminalized conduct that was otherwise lawful: it is not a crime for adults to communicate with each other about sex, even if one of the adults pretends to be a child. Given these significant concerns, the ``sting'' provisions have been stricken from the Hatch-Leahy-DeWine bill.  Another major problem with the House bill is its modification of the child pornography possession laws. Current law requires possession of three or more pornographic images in order for there to be criminal liability. Congress wrote this requirement into the law as a way of protecting against government overreaching. By eliminating this numeric requirement, the House bill puts at risk the unsuspecting Internet user who, by inadvertence or mistake, downloads a single pornographic image of a child. The inevitable result would be to chill the free exchange of information over the web. I was unwilling to accept this possibility; the Hatch-Leahy-DeWine bill keeps current law in place.  Unlike H.R. 3494, the bill we are introducing today contains no new mandatory minimum sentences. I oppose the use of mandatory minimums because they take away the discretion of the sentencing judge, which can result in unjust sentences and can also induce defendants who would otherwise have pled guilty, hoping to obtain some measure of leniency from the court, to proceed to trial.  Another problematic provision of the House bill gives the Attorney General sweeping authority to subpoena records and witnesses in investigations involving crimes against children. We should be extremely wary of further extending the Justice Department's administrative subpoena power. The use of administrative subpoenas gives federal agents the power to compel disclosures without any oversight by a judge, prosecutor, or grand jury, and without any of the grand jury secrecy requirements. That being said, the secrecy requirements may pose a significant obstacle to the full and efficient cooperation of federal/state task forces in their joint efforts to reduce the steadily increasing use of the Internet to perpetrate crimes against children, including crimes involving the distribution of child pornography.  In addition, it appears that some U.S. Attorneys Offices are reluctant to opena grand jury investigation when the only goal is to identify individuals who have not yet, and may never, commit a federal (as opposed to state or local) offense. The Hatch-Leahy-DeWine bill accommodates all the competing interests by granting the Department a narrowly drawn authority to subpoena only the information that it most needs: routine subscriber account information from Internet service providers. Importantly, subscribers may obtain notice from their service provider.  The new reporting requirement established by H.R. 3494 is also troubling. Under current law, Internet service providers are generally free to report suspicious communications to law enforcement authorities. Under H.R. 3494, service providers would be required to report such communications when they involve child pornography; failure to do so would be punishable by a substantial fine.  Of course, we are all committed to eradicating the market for child pornography. Child pornography is inherently harmful to children. Service providers that come across such material should report it, and, in most cases, they already do. We must tread cautiously, however, before we compel private citizens to act as good Samaritans or to assume duties and responsibilities that are better left to law enforcement.  Working with the service providers, we have refined the House bill in various ways.  First, we raised the bar for the reporting duty; a service provider has no obligation to make a report unless it has ``probable cause'' to believe that the child pornography laws are being violated. By setting such a high standard, we intended to discourage service providers from erring on the side of over-reporting every questionable image. This would also overwhelm the FBI and law enforcement agencies.  Second, we provided that there is no liability for failing to make a report unless the service provider knew both of the existence of child pornography and of the duty to report it (if it rises to the level of probable cause).  Third, we made clear that we are not imposing a monitoring requirement of any kind: service providers must report child pornography when they come across it or it is brought to their attention, but they remain under no obligation to go out looking for it.  Fourth, we added privacy protections for any information reported under the bill.  Fifth, we lowered the maximum fine for first offenders to $50,000; a second or subsequent failure to report, however, may still result in a fine up to $100,000.  Thus improved, I am confident that the reporting requirement will accomplish its objectives without unduly burdening the service providers or violating the privacy rights of internet users.  Beyond this, the Hatch-Leahy-DeWine bill strips the House bill of various other extraneous or improvident provisions. Our bill is also free of certain add-ons that appeared in the original version offered by Senator Hatch. In particular, the original version would have opened the floodgates of federal inchoate crime prosecutions by creating a general attempt statute--making it a crime to commit each and every offense in title 18--and by making the penalty for its violation as well as for violation of the general conspiracy statute (which is now capped at 5 years) equal to the penalty for the offense that was the object of the attempt or conspiracy. The Chairman's original bill also created a new rule of criminal procedure requiring defendants to provide notice of their intention to assert an entrapment defense.  I think there are good reasons why these ideas have been rejected in the past, both by the Congress and by the Federal Judicial Conference, and why they are opposed by business and civil liberties groups alike. At the very least, we should not usher in such radical changes to the federal criminal law without more careful consideration, after proper hearings.  In conclusion, I commend Senators Hatch and DeWine for their efforts to address the terrible problem of child predators and pornographers. I am glad that we were able to join forces to construct a bill that goes a long way towards achieving our common goals.