President, I would like to commend Senator Bond and Senator Mikulski for once again crafting a VA-HUD Appropriations bill which deals fairly with a wide variety of competing programs and interests. I know that budget constraints have made the job especially difficult in recent years, but within those constraints in general, this bill reaches a very good balance.  There are two provision in the bill which I have concerns about and which I hope can be addressed in conference. The first is funding for the Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) Fund. The Senate bill provides $55 million for this important program, $25 million below last year's level and $70 million below the President's request.  The CDFI Fund is an economic development initiative that was adopted with overwhelming bi-partisan support several years ago. The program is an important investment tool for economically distressed communities. CDFI leverages private investment to stretch every Federal dollar. The VA-HUD Appropriations bill reported by the House Appropriations Committee includes level funding for CDFI, still well below the level requested by the Administration. This program is working effectively in communities across the country, and I believe additional resources are needed to maximize the value of this important Federal investment. I look forward to working with Senator Mikulski and Senator Bond during conference to provide additional funding for this program.  The second provision I would like to address is Section 214 of the Senate bill. Section 214 specifically prohibits the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) from providing any extra points or preferences to grant applications from Empowerment Zones or Enterprise Communities on the basis of their special designation. This prohibition is in direct opposition to the approach Federal Departments have taken since the creation of the Empowerment Zone program, of providing modest advantages to applications from designated communities. The grant preferences HUD offers to designated communities are indeed modest, two points out of a total score of 100. These extra points will not provide the boost needed to allow bad applications to be chosen over good ones just because the poorer application is submitted from an Empowerment Zone or Enterprise Community. What they do provide is an incentive for designated communities to continue to pursue the initiatives they set out in their application for Empowerment Zone status. I strongly oppose this provision and will work with Senator Bond and Senator Mikulski in conference to drop it from the VA-HUD Appropriations bill.  