He said that perhaps some of those who are opposed to this may not understand the bill. There is a reason for this. The bill we are discussing is S. 2271 which was introduced just last week. We never had a hearing on S. 2271. While we had a hearing on H.R. 1534 this bill is significantly different from S. 2271. S. 2271 was just printed late last week and many Members may not have had an opportunity to carefully review it.  This new bill just came bouncing in here. We haven't had one single hearing on this particular bill. My good friend from Utah talks of the care that went into it. This arrived full-blown, full-grown on the Senate floor--not one single Senate hearing on this bill. In fact, the bill on which we did hold a hearing, H.R. 1534, apparently bothered them enough that it was significantly changed. We haven't done a report on S. 2271. One was done on H.R. 1534 but not on S. 2271. Madam President, noSenator can point to 30 seconds of Senate hearing on S. 2271. No Senator can point to a two-sentence report on this bill.  A lot of Senators probably did not even have a chance to look at S. 2271. Apparently, they thought H.R. 1534 should be changed. But this is a new bill that many of us feel is worse than its predecessor. But there have been no hearings on the changed text. There is no report on S. 2271, and under some new streamlined process the bill was just sent to the floor. We will vote on S. 2271, and then we will debate it later. It is like Alice in Wonderland. You have the sentencing first, and the trial later. This is not the way the U.S. Senate should act.  I think that is why the National Governors' Association, the National League of Cities, the National Association of Counties, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, and the National Conference of State Legislatures all stated their opposition to this new bill. Just 3 days ago, they said:       A review of the most recent proposed revisions to the      legislation makes clear that those changes do not address our      fundamental problems with the bill * * * The framers of the      Constitution never intended federal courts to be the first      resort in resolving community disputes between local      governments and private parties. In our view, these issues      should be settled locally, as close to the affected community      as possible.  In fact, some would say H.R. 1534, the earlier bill, would be better than S. 2271. S. 2271 is more burdensome to local governments than earlier versions.  First, the revised bill goes even further in limiting Federal judges' ability to abstain from cases dealing with local land use decisions. Maybe they have to abstain because we don't fill the vacancies of Federal courts. But assuming there is a Federal court and a Federal judge who has been lucky enough to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate, they have a limited ability to abstain. In S. 2271 a Federal judge in many circumstances cannot abstain from or relinquish jurisdiction to a State court because the plaintiff ``brings a prior or concurrent proceeding before a State, territory, or local tribunal.''  This revision effectively turns the earlier version of this provision on its head. Rather than leaving room for abstention when a State law claim is asserted, the revised version specifically states that a district court shall not abstain when there is a State law claim.  I don't know when we have ever done anything like this. This is an unprecedented big-foot action on the part of the Federal Government of stepping in and telling local citizens and state courts, ``You don't count,'' as far as the U.S. Senate is concerned.  Rather than reducing interference with State court resolution of State and local law issues, the revised version of the bill actually would maximize Federal court interference with State courts.  Second, the revisions make the bill worse from a local government standpoint by eliminating the authority conferred on local governments in the bill as reported by committee to define a ``meaningful application.''  Instead, the revised bill would allow Federal courts to get into looking at local land use requirements and applications. Other changes in the bill are either harmful, cosmetic or without significant effect.  As a general matter, the bill would introduce new vague terminology which could lead to years of litigation over the meaning of this new language. And, of course, we are asked to enact S. 2271 without even a report. Enactment of the new legislation would make land use litigation process more time-consuming.  Look at the insertion of the phrase ``one meaningful application to use the property . . . within a reasonable time.'' This change ostensibly addresses the concern that H.R. 1534, as reported, suggests an applicant only had to initiate a local application or waiver proceeding, but not necessarily await the outcome of the proceeding before suing in Federal court.  The change to ``within a reasonable time'' simply confirms that in some circumstances a developer would be able to proceed to Federal court without first obtaining local decisions. Many States and local governments already have specific time limits for administrative decisions. That seems to throw it out of the window.  I have said over and over again that when property is taken, the landowner should be compensated. That is what our Constitution requires--it requires just compensation. That is what local, State and federal Governments are doing. Certainly, there has been no need for such sweeping legislation demonstrated.  I wish we had an opportunity to work with the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee to have a better bill. It is his prerogative not to have a hearing on this particular bill or to have a detailed report on it.  And we have instances where my friend from Utah says that this bill applies only to owners of property, but it defines owner as the owner or possessor of property or rights in property. That is more expansive than the normal meaning of the word owner. Somebody who steals property is a possessor of property. An adverse possessor of property is by definition in possession of the property. As I said, we have a case here where something is not broken, but we are about to fix it anyway.  Madam President, I withhold the balance of my time. I ask the Chair, how much time remains to the Senator from Vermont?  