I have been surprised before both pleasantly and unpleasantly. I have been surprised at some I thought might pass and failed to pass, and other times have had a very pleasant surprise to find something did pass when I didn't expect it to.  I think it is safe to say--and I believe there will be bipartisan consensus on this--that these judges' nominations will pass overwhelmingly, which is usually what happens with a judgeship.  Starting this year we have proceeded on more judicial nominations in the first couple of weeks this session than we did over the course of the first months last year.  I hope that we have strong bipartisan votes on these judgeships today. It will signal that the Senate is moving forward and that we will make progress to help fill the vacancies that plague the Federal judiciary. Today, there are 86 vacancies on the Federal courts. After these favorable votes, we will have 54 nominees pending before the Senate in need of our prompt attention. I have spoken with President Clinton on a couple of occasions recently, urging the White House to move quickly in sending up further nominations, and they are. We saw that on the first day that we came back when a dozen new nominations came up. We have 55 nominees pending. Almost two-thirds of the current vacancies have nominees pending to fill them.  Now I think it is time to say that for whatever reasons--political, ideological or otherwise, for whatever reasons--the Senate went slowly last year on nominations. The distinguished chairman and I want to be allowed by our respective caucuses to move forward, fulfilling our roles as chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, to move nominations forward.  I do not question the integrity of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who has worked very hard on this, and has on more than one occasion strongly supported somebody who would not have been his nominee had he been the one appointing; in the same way, I have strongly supported nominees of past Presidents who would not have been mine had I been the person making the nominations. But in both instances, the Senator from Utah and I looked at a man or a woman of high qualifications, of good legal background, perhaps of a different background than our own, but somebody who would serve the interests of justice well, and we have pushed forward for their confirmation.  I hope, so that the U.S. Senate does not send the wrong image to the Judiciary and to the American people, that we would be able to move forward in the way the Senator from Utah and I have preferred to work in the past and move these judges, vote them in or vote them down.  I am not suggesting to any Senator how he or she should vote. If they do not like a nominee, vote against that nominee. Give us a chance to vote on them, vote them up or vote them down, but keep the Federal Judiciary out of politics.  It is, after all, one of the linchpins of our democracy, this great democracy. We are the third most populous country in the world, the most powerful nation on Earth, the most powerful democracy history has ever known. We maintain that power as a democracy and not a totalitarian society. We maintain it largely because of the integrity and independence of our Federal Judiciary. They act as a break on a runaway Executive or a runaway Congress because what they hold is their great shield and great bulwark. The Constitution of the United States is something that stands above all of us, whether as Members of the Congress, the Executive Branch or the Judiciary itself.  We need their integrity and we need their independence. With it, we guarantee the diversity of thought and the diversity of action that protects our freedoms and our democracy--in this case, the greatest democracy on Earth.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  