President, much has been said on the Senate and the House floor about John Gibson and Jacob ``J.J.'' Chestnut, two police officers on the Capitol Police Force. And much more will be said. I add my words of praise and appreciation to both of them.  I knew both these police officers. Officer Chestnut--J.J.--would see us come through the Senate at several different times, and he would tell me a member of my family has already gone through because he had seen them, or conversely, if they came through he would tell them where I was.  Detective Gibson traveled with many of us at different occasions. He even came to one, I believe, with the ``Singing Senators'' from the other side of the aisle. He was the man who at events where Senators would gather, would be there because he would recognize not only the Senators, but their spouses; would wave them on through, would greet them, would make them know they were among friends. We always knew we were.  Mr. President, I have been a Senator now for nearly 24 years. I walk into this building every day that we are in session, many when we are not. I have gotten to know many of the police officers, and so many others, the hundreds of people that make this body run, make this Capitol run.  This truly is a death in the family.  Even if I had not known the officers as I did, I would feel that way. But knowing them in some ways makes it even sadder, more poignant, more difficult.  I love the Senate and I love the symbol of democracy that our Capitol holds to the public. To see this terrible, terrible thing happen in something that means so much to all of us, it is almost impossible to describe my feelings.  My wife and I had flown to Vermont last Friday. We got to my office in Burlington and were there only a matter of minutes and heard the news. Much of the rest of the evening was a blur, just sitting in our farmhouse watching the news and not believing it.  Probably the greatest tribute to two brave police officers was the fact that this Capitol, this symbol of democracy not only to our own Nation of a quarter of a billion people but to the rest of the world, this Capitol was open almost immediately thereafter.  There is no way we could bring these officers back. It is a tragedy that will be felt by their spouses and their children, in one case, grandchildren, for the rest of their lives. No matter what we do as Members of the Senate or the House, we cannot bring them back to their families. We can only offer our profound sympathy to their families. It is a sympathy that is felt deeply by every single Member of the Congress, Republican or Democrat. It makes no difference whether they have been here a long time or a short time. Our hearts go out as human beings to the families of these officers.  What we have done in immediately reopening the Capitol, in saying to the public today they can walk in here at any time as they do in the galleries today, we are saying to those officers that your deaths were not in vain. Think, Mr. President, what a different country this would be if somehow this Capitol, this symbol of democracy, was closed down. Think what it would be like if the public, not only Americans but those visiting from around the world, think what it would be like ifthey could not come into this Capitol, as I did when I was a law student here in Washington or when I first came here with my parents as a teenager. If we could not be here, the public could not come in and see us debate great matters and tiny matters, they could not see that.  Mr. President, at the time of the breakup of the Soviet Union, I remember so many who came here and met with all of us and asked, ``How does your democracy work,'' and they told me--I heard this over and over again--that they would see the picture of our Capitol when they came to Washington, that was the thing they recognized before anything else. They said they saw it sitting up here.  I have been coming to this Capitol Building as a Senator for 24 years. I feel a thrill every time I come up here. I hope I always will because I know it represents democracy. These two brave officers, just like the hundreds of other men and women who guard these Halls, they keep it open. Let's hope they always will. Let us hope that we always have the courage to do that. Then the lives that every one of us would pray we could bring to the family, those lives would not be lost in vain.  Like some others in this body, I had the privilege to serve in law enforcement for years before coming here. I know how all of us felt in law enforcement at that time if one of our own was cut down. I think if you have not served in law enforcement it is almost impossible to explain to the American public how other law enforcement officials feel when they lose one of their own. I know how the men and women in the police force here on Capitol Hill feel, but also how they feel all over the Nation. This is a loss. This is a family, a fraternity, a sorority. It is something that binds all law enforcement people together.  I am joined with every single person who works on Capitol Hill in an expression of appreciation to them and to everybody who responded--all the police officers responded, medical personnel responded. I will take just 1 minute more to express my personal appreciation to Senator Bill Frist for what he did. I spoke with Senator Frist yesterday and told him how much his actions meant to me, to my wife, who is a registered nurse. She knows when something like this happens, if you are a medical personnel, you respond. But he responded not only with his great skill as a cardiac surgeon, he responded when there was gunfire erupting only moments before and there might have been more, with no thought to his safety, but thinking of only those who may have been injured.  Mr. President, it is a sad day. Let us say also it is a proud day to our country because this symbol of democracy will not be closed down by the actions of one deranged American, any more than it was in the 1980s when the bomb went off outside this Chamber at night just minutes after we recessed. I remember so well the next morning, every single one of us was in our seats. We were here to show we wouldn't stay home. And we will be here today, as will the President and the Vice President, all of the House and Senate leadership, and the Members, to show nothing closes us down.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  