President, there are maybe thirty-five legislative days left this Congress. We have passed six out of thirteen appropriations--and those have been the easier ones. Now--we are facing the appropriations bills that are bogged down with legislative riders and have already invoked Presidential veto threats.  The Transportation Appropriations bill though is fairly clean and we might be able to pass it tonight. Unfortunately, the temptation to put environmental riders on this bill could not be resisted. Section 342 of this bill will overturn eighteen years of national environmental policy, open some of the most pristine wilderness in the country to helicopter landings.  Mr. President, I was here when the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act was passed by Congress. I remember the careful balance that was crafted to pass this landmark legislation. The question of allowing helicopters was raised at that time and the answer we came up with was to not allow them in wilderness areas except for emergency situations. If you look at the legislative history included in the Senate Report for ANILCA it specifically lists what transportation was allowed in wilderness areas and helicopters are not one of them.  Instead, it directed the Secretary of the Interior to allow airplanes to be used in wilderness areas for traditional activities. Mr. President, I understand why this exception to the national Wilderness Act was made for Alaska and I supported it at the time. But I supported it as part of a larger compromise. One that this language will now undo.  Two years ago, the Forest Service conducted an Environmental Impact Statement on this same proposal and concluded that helicopters were not airplanes and were not a traditional means of access to the wilderness areas. Obviously, some of my colleagues do not like this conclusion and felt that tacking an environmental rider onto the transportation appropriation bill was the best way to get around it.  The Interior Department has also objected to this language due to the impact on wildlife in these wilderness areas. Mr. President, I think we all know that a helicopter flying overhead is much louder than a small airplane flying overhead. Helicopters blast the adjacent area with a minimum of 100 decibels or more.  But this language is not about just sheer noise. It is also about allowing helicopters to hover and land anywhere in these areas--the remote reaches of the Tongass National Forest, the glaciers of Kenai Fjords National Park and even the inlets of Glacier Bay.  Although it may seem like it now, I am not the only person speaking out against this language. I have over thirty five letters from outfitters, bush pilots and tour guides in Alaska who oppose this language.  So, Mr. President, I simply ask: What is the rush? Why are we including language in a transportation appropriations bill that rewrites legislation that has been on the books for eighteen years, on which no hearings have been held and that has been recommended for a veto?  