President, in 1994, I authored the first law to provide specific protection against ``clone'' telephones. While the main focus of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, or CALEA, was to help our law enforcement agencies deal with the challenge of new digital telecommunications equipment and services, the law also contained important bans on the use and trafficking of clone phones, scanning receivers, and hardware and software used to steal cellular service.  Specifically, in CALEA, we amended the Counterfeit Access Device law, 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1029, by adding a provision to criminalize the use and possession, with intent to defraud, of altered telecommunications instruments, or scanning receivers, hardware or software, to obtain unauthorized access to telecommunications services. This law alsoadded to the federal criminal code a definition of scanning receivers to mean devices used to intercept illegally wire or electronic communications.  ``Clone'' telephones are used illegally to allow free riding on the cellular phone system and result in theft of that service. The cellular telephone industry estimates that it loses $650 million per year due to clone phones. I recall testimony at hearings I chaired jointly with Representative Don Edwards on CALEA about the need to address this problem in CALEA. Tom Wheeler, President of the Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association, testified in 1994 about:       . . . people being surprised by ``humongous'' cellular      bills because somebody had snatched their electronic code out      of the air, cloned that into another phone, and was charging      phone calls to Colombia or wherever onto their phone.S. Hrg. 103-1022, at p. 148 (August 11, 1994).  In short, the theft of cellular telephone services amounts to millions of dollars of losses to wireless service providers and to consumers.  Just as disturbing, clone phones are used by drug dealers and other criminals trying to evade police surveillance of their phone conversations. The fraudulent use of electronic serial numbers, which are critical in identifying the cellular phone subject to wiretap orders, represented a real threat to privacy. Mr. Wheeler explained in 1994, ``If you have a situation where there is floating around out there multiple users of the same electronic serial numbers, you don't know who you are tapping.'' S. Hrg. 103-1022, at p. 148 (August 11, 1994).  Given the financial losses and the threats to privacy posed by clone phones, I urge the cellular telephone industry to consider the technical means available to better protect cellular phone service. In particular, if strong encryption were used to encrypt the radio waves transmitted from cellular phones to the nearest cell tower, stealing those signals for use in a clone phone would be much more difficult, if not impossible.  I have long been a proponent of more widespread use of strong encryption. Clone phones are a perfect example of where the use of strong encryption would be far more effective to prevent this crime from occurring than all the criminal laws we could consider passing.  This bill, as modified by the House, builds upon the work we accomplished in CALEA.  Current law contains an ``intent to defraud'' requirement that has apparently posed a stumbling block for law enforcement to crack down on the cloning of cellular phones. This bill would remove this intent requirement and make it illegal to use, sell or possess hardware or software knowing it has been configured for the purpose of altering a telephone to steal service.  The House of Representatives made a number of significant improvements to S. 493 to ensure that, upon removal of the ``intent to defraud'' requirement, the bill did not sweep too broadly. Indeed, I understand that even some cellular companies were concerned that the original bill introduced by Senator Kyl might inadvertently have applied to machinery used by legitimate companies to test or reprogram their equipment.  Removal of the ``intent to defraud'' scienter requirement may still pose problems for those legitimate companies that with to offer ``extension'' telephones for cellular telephones. In fact, the Federal Communications Commission has a proceeding underway to determine whether companies may be allowed to alter the electronic serial number of a cellular telephone to allow more than one phone to have the same contact number.  Passage of this law may be interpreted as prejudging the outcome of that proceeding by making illegal the use of clone phones, even by legitimate subscribers who pay their bills. That would be regrettable. This bill should not affect the outcome of the FCC proceeding, since the public interest may be well served by allowing competition into the extension cellular telephone business. Depending on the outcome of the FCC proceeding, we may be revisiting this legislation.  This bill, as modified by the House, is supported by the FBI, Secret Service and the Cellular Telephone Industry Association (CTIA). We made important progress in this area when we passed CALEA, and I am glad to support legislation that will further help law enforcement combat cellular telephone fraud by those who steal cellular service.  