President, on February 26, 1998, the White House announced that it had certified Mexico as a partner in combating international drug trafficking, stating that the Mexican government was ``fully cooperating'' in the war on drugs. However, in stark contrast to this claim, an assessment by the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) prepared in January and obtained by the New York Times states that, ``the Government of Mexico has not accomplished its counter narcotics goals or succeeded in cooperation with the United States Government * * * The scope of Mexican drug trafficking has increased significantly along with the attendant violence.''  I believe the yearly certification process is a misguided way to deal with the international drug problem. It applies a black and white standard to a complex problem that, more than anything else, is caused by the seemingly insatiable demand for drugs here in our own country. I am encouraged by Senator Dodd's efforts and of other senators to pursue a new approach. I want to support that effort. In addition to bipartisan criticism in the Congress, foreign officials have called the certification process demeaning and ineffectual. However, until that process is changed--and I hope it is--it remains U.S. law and the administration is bound to implement it in good faith.  There are examples of cooperation by the Mexican Government in reducing narcotics trafficking. Opponents of this resolution have mentioned several ways in which the Mexican Government has made progress. The administration reports increases in drug seizures, improved anti-narcotics intelligence, and implementation of new laws on money laundering, asset forfeiture, electronic surveillance and witness protection. Yet drug-related violence and corruption at the highest levels of the Mexican anti-narcotics police continues unabated--affecting every aspect of life and every level of society in Mexico and spilling over the border into the United States. We also receive persistent reports of human rights abuses by Mexican security forces.  I have a great deal of respect for General Barry McCaffrey. He has taken on the immense job of directing our drug control program with enthusiasm and boundless energy and the best of intentions. I particularly support the efforts he has made to emphasize the importance of drug prevention and treatment. However, I have to respectfully disagree with his assessment of the cooperation between the United States and Mexico as ``absolutely superlative.''  According to a February 26, 1998, article in the New York Times the DEA reports that none of the changes by and to Mexican law enforcement institutions ``have resulted in the arrest of the leadership or the dismantlement of any of the well-known organized criminal groups operating out of Mexico.'' In addition, no Mexican national was extradited to the United States to face drug charges, and the corruption of Mexican law-enforcement officials, judges, and government employees continues to frustrate United States efforts to build cases and apprehend drug traffickers. Mr. President, if the administration deems this to be ``superlative'' cooperation, I am concerned. And that is why I will support the resolution to decertify Mexico. I do not believe that a faithful interpretation of the law can lead to any other conclusion than that the Mexican Government has failed to fully cooperate with United States drug control efforts.  Mr. President, I support this resolution reluctantly. It is very important that we continue to work with the Mexican Government in the fight against drug trafficking. I applaud the May 1997 Declaration of the United States-Mexico Alliance Against Drugs, signed by President Clinton and President Zedillo, and the ongoing collaborative efforts between American and Mexican law enforcement officers. I do not minimize the efforts the Mexican Government is making. However, it falls far short of full cooperation. And while I am mindful that decertification could strain relations between our two nations, that is not a justification for interpreting the law in a manner that is not supported by the facts. I am hopeful that Mexico will not view this decision as a condemnation of its counter-narcotics efforts, but as a challenge to work more closely with the United States to improve them.  