President, this month marks the 22nd year the United States has celebrated Black History Month. I want to take this opportunity to mark a relevant piece of Senate history. I am proud to serve with Carol Moseley-Braun of Illinois and to have served with Edward Brooke of Massachusetts. These outstanding Senators and African Americans are well known and recognized by those who follow the Senate. But today, I also want to recognize McKinley Wise.  Twenty years ago this month, McKinley Wise was asked to work in the office of the Official Reporters of Debates and in March 1978 became the first African American to stand on the Senate floor and record the words of this body.  I was privileged to be a Member of the Senate at that time, and I know that this happened not because there was a quota to be achieved but because McKinley Wise's ability qualified him to work on the floor of the Senate.  In 1978, the Senate was beginning its debate on the Panama Canal treaties. Because this was such an important debate and all Senators were expected to participate, the Chief of the Official Reporters of Debate expected long hours and knew that they were going to need more staff. G. Russell Walker, the chief reporter at the time, set out to find qualified people to work part time and help record the Senate's debate. One of those people he recruited was McKinley Wise. Here's how Mr. Walker explained how Mr. Wise's name came to his attention:       We had before the Senate in late January the Panama Canal      Treaties, and there was a very good possibility of the      Senate's having 12- and 14-hour-a-day sessions, and we needed      more reporters. I went through our file and saw McKinley      Wise's name. He was well qualified, had all the certificates,      and seemed to have a good background. I asked for and      received authority to call him, to see if he could come down      and assist us. It was on Friday, February 24th, when I called      him and asked him if he could come in the following Tuesday.      Not many reporters could leave their businesses and come to      Washington on such short notice, but Mac was there, and he      did a magnificent job.  Mr. President, I remember that very well. And we did have those 12- and 14-hour and sometimes longer days. But he was there.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that an article from the May 1978 issue of the Circuit Reporter, the official publication of the United States Court Reporters Association, be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks.  