President, last year we completed debate on the foreign operations bill in record time. This year the bill contains $250 million less than last year, so I hope it will take even less time.  The bill represents a delicate compromise. As I said, we have a lot less money this year, and since almost half the funds in this bill is earmarked for the Middle East, the quarter-billion-dollar cut from last year has to come out of other programs. That is a very significant cut. It is over $1 billion below the President's request.  A quarter of a billion dollars may not be a lot in some budgets, like the defense budget, but it is a great deal when it means cuts in funding for diplomacy and programs to--and I will give you examples of the areas we are cutting--support for U.S. exports, or to promote economic reforms in the former Soviet Union and democracy in Indonesia, or to aid refugees in Bosnia and support business exchange programs in Eastern Europe, or money to combat the spread of illegal drugs and infectious diseases. Infectious diseases--Mr. President, I remind everybody that the most virulent disease in the world is only an airplane trip away from any one of our homes in the United States. And, of course, money to protect the environment.  These are but a few examples of what is in this bill and what we have had to cut because of this year's low budget allocation.  Having said that, I commend the chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee. Senator McConnell has done an outstanding job to try to make the most of the funds we have in as balanced a way as possible. No one can be entirely happy with what we have done, because we don't have the money to make everybody happy. I think the chairman has done his best to honor the many requests of the Senators on both sides of the aisle and to fund the foreign policy priorities of the United States.  I also thank the committee chairman, Senator Stevens, and the ranking member, Senator Byrd, for their help. They have a difficult job in trying to balance the interests of all the appropriations subcommittees. I know they have tried to give us the funds we need and, at the same time, stay within the parameters of the balanced budget agreement.  I simply note that the entire foreign operations budget amounts to less than 1 percent of the Federal budget, but these are the funds we use besides the defense budget to promote our influence around the world. There is not a Senator here who does not want to protect our national interests. Those national interests can be in Korea or they can be in our own hemisphere. But for the United States, the most powerful, wealthiest nation history has ever known, the United States which has become that way because we have worldwide interests, it is hard to point to any part of the world on any continent of the world where our interests are not involved. All of us like to say, ``Well, we are the United States--we should influence this, that, or the other thing in the world.'' If we are going to do that, we have to have the power to do it, too.  It is like saying you want to go to such and such a spot, in your State, but if there are no roads and no way to get there, then you are not going to do it. And the cost to carry out our responsibilities and to project our influence worldwide is not something that is going to be picked up by the State or local governments.  These programs are not ``foreign handouts'' as some have called it. They are going to determine the kind of world in which our children and grandchildren live 10, 20, 50 years hence.  Frankly, I do not believe this bill adequately funds our foreign policy and national security needs. As a superpower that is increasingly dependent on the global economy--in the last 2 days if there is anybody who did not realize we were dependent on the global economy, wake up; we are. As a superpower intent on solving global problems by leading by example, I think we are going to look back years from now and wonder why we were so shortsighted.  Leadership and security are not just abstract concepts, they cost money. The amount in this bill is a pittance for a superpower that has important interests to protect on every continent, important American interests to protect on every continent.  Mr. President, if history is any guide, I think the chairman and I can expect there will be Senators who have amendments to shift funds from one account to another in this bill. They may feel we have done too little for their favorite program. And they may be right. But we had to make some very painful choices, choices we would not have had to make if we had a larger budget to begin with. The chairman and I are going to have to oppose such amendments.  This is a very delicately put together piece of legislation, based on the allocation we have. I might have done things differently if I were chairman. And the 98 other men and women in this body may have each done it somewhat differently. But we have to have one bill. The Senator from Kentucky and I have worked very closely together to balance the interests of both sides of the aisle, the interests of the United States and the interests of the administration, the interests of the U.S. Senate. With the funds we have, I think we should go forward with this bill as it is. If there are amendments, I would hope that they come up; if there are not, I am prepared to go to third reading.  With that, I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  