President, I think the Senator from Connecticut has made a very, very strong and a very good statement in support of his amendment.  The Senator from Connecticut is one of the most knowledgeable people, if not the most knowledgeable Senator, on Central and Latin American matters. He has traveled many times to the region, he speaks fluent Spanish, and he has been consistent in speaking up for the rights of American citizens and of the Central American people.  I have often worried that because of our own complicity, either active or accidental, we have allowed the coverup of some very serious misdeeds in that part of the world.  After the murder of the Jesuits, I was very critical of the investigation of those heinous crimes. I was asked to go down so the Salvadoran authorities could show me how they were conducting an investigation to get the perpetrators. And I went to see the chief investigator, the prosecutor.  Now, Mr. President, a murder case is a relatively easy crime to prosecute. Any of us who has prosecuted murder cases knows that. You have a deadbody, you have certain physical evidence, and you put it together. It was so obvious that the evidence of the murders of the Jesuits had been destroyed, covered up, removed. Members of our own Government were well aware of this and didn't want to blow the whistle. I did in a press conference, and I quickly left the country, I might say, because of threats against me for doing it.  What the Senator from Connecticut proposes by this amendment is to protect, among others, our own citizens. People like Sister Diana Ortiz, who have tried for years to find out what her own government knows about what was done to her, and possibly who was involved. There are other crimes that were covered up, including by U.S. officials. If mistakes were made or crimes committed in Central America we should know about them. It is, after all, it is information in the possession of our own Government.  The amendment of the Senator from Connecticut protects information that should be kept secret in the interests of national security. But too often, information that should not be kept secret has been withheld, information which could shed light on atrocities and the fate of people who disappeared. That is wrong. I might ask this question of my friend from Connecticut. Would it be safe to say that his amendment protects our legitimate national security interests, while it seeks to obtain information about crimes that were committed that the American people have every right to know about?  