President, the digitization of information and the explosion in the growth of computing and electronic networking offer tremendous potential benefits to the way Americans live, work, conduct commerce, and interact with their government. This bill, S. 2107, will make the United States government more accessible and accountable to the citizenry by directing federal agencies to accept ``electronic signatures'' for government forms that are submitted electronically.  I am pleased that Senator Abraham has addressed my concerns about the privacy issues raised by this legislation. As reported out of committee, S. 2107 would have established a framework for government use of electronic signatures without putting in place any privacy protections for the vast amounts of personal information collected in the process. Without suchprotections, people could be forced to sacrifice their privacy as the price of communicating with the government electronically.  For example, to submit a particular form electronically, a person might be required to use an electronic signature technology that offers a high level of security, such as the increasingly popular cryptographic digital signature. This will usually involve the use of a commercial third party--we'll call it ``X Corp.''--to guarantee the person's identity. X Corp. will need to collect detailed personal information about the person, such as home address, phone number, social security number, date of birth, and even credit information. Some of the most secure systems even collect biometric information such as fingerprints or handwritten signatures. X Corp. might also collect information about how the person uses electronic signature services, amassing a detailed dossier of the person's activities on-line. Nothing in the original bill prevented X Corp. from using or selling such private information without permission.  We have corrected this oversight by adding forward-looking privacy protections to the amendment, which strictly limit the ways in which information collected as a byproduct of electronic communications with the government can be used or disclosed to others. The provision we have crafted is designed to prevent anyone who collects personal information in the course of providing electronic signatures for use with government agencies from inappropriately disclosing that information.  We recognize that this is just the beginning of Congress's efforts to address the new privacy issues raised by electronic government and the information age. Congress will almost certainly be called upon in the next session to consider broader electronic signature legislation, and issues of law enforcement access to electronic data and mechanisms for enforcing privacy rights in cyberspace will need to be part of that discussion. For the time being, however, this legislation will ensure that Americans can interact with their government on-line, and that they can do so with the necessary safeguards in place to protect their privacy and security.  