President, I thought the Senator was going to be speaking longer.  Mr. President, I would like to read what is in the bill. It says:       It is the policy of the U.S. Government to sign the      Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling,      Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on Their      Destruction as soon as practicable.  That is a convention that has now been signed by some 129 nations, including every one of our NATO allies except Turkey and every other Western Hemisphere country except Cuba. It says we will sign it as soon as practicable. It does not set a deadline. Other nations far less powerful than the United States have said they can sign it, but we have not signed it. We have said that even though we are the most powerful nation history has ever known, we are not powerful enough to sign the anti-landmine treaty, but we wish other nations would. And we have encouraged other nations to give up their landmines, in laudatory fashion--nations nowhere near as powerful as we, nations that face a lot more threats on their borders than we.  Mr. President, I happen to disagree with the President of the United States in that regard. I do agree with my friend from Oklahoma that both he and I are concerned about the men and women that we send into combat. My son is a marine. He is a rifleman in the Marine Corps. When he was called up for Desert Storm, his MOL was carry the SAW, light machine gun, and he was listed as a ``casualty replacement,'' encouraging terminology for parents of all young marines who are so listed--the idea that they are the ones who go first into combat carrying a gun with others behind them to pick up the guns, the weapons, and so on, if the first one falls, which in this instance would have been our son.  Now, we are fortunate the war ended so quickly that neither he nor the others in his unit ended up in harm's way. But I have to assume he may be called up again. And as a parent and a U.S. Senator, the last thing in the world I want to do is anything that increases the threat to our own troops or that in any way diminishes our ability to defend ourselves.  But having said that, I am also struck by the number of generals, the number of combat leaders, including the retired commander in chief in Korea, including the former supreme allied commander of NATO in Europe, including a number of others who have called for such a ban on landmines because it has become such a double-edged sword, aside from the fact that most people who are killed by landmines today are civilians, not combatants.  The United States was the first Nation in the world to actually pass landmine ban legislation, legislation that banned the export of landmines from this country, something hotly contested in this Chamber. And in a rollcall vote, 100 Senators voted for that amendment, voted for the Leahy law, and it became law--100 U.S. Senators across the political spectrum. In fact, many have said that that legislation was the trigger that got us to where we are today, where 129 nations have signed the Ottawa Treaty.  We expect 40 ratifications by next month. That is the fastest that any international humanitarian law or arms control treaty has ever in history come into force. I think that shows the tremendous international support and momentum for this treaty and for the end to the endless slaughter of innocent people by landmines.  Now, the United States has not signed it, and even if the United States does sign it, even if the United States does sign it, it then has to come to the Senate where two-thirds of the Senators present and voting have to vote to approve such a treaty before the President can ratify it. The President of the United States cannot ratify such a treaty unless two-thirds of the Senators present and voting vote to allow him to ratify it. And actually, if we did, he still doesn't have to ratify it but, of course, would.  Mr. President, even though a majority of the Senators in this body have signed legislation, cosponsored legislation that would ban United States use of anti-personnel mines except in Korea, in an attempt to work closely with the Department of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff and particularly General Ralston for whom I have immeasurable respect, the President ofthe United States, the Secretary of Defense, and the National Security Adviser, I worked hard to agree on an approach that was acceptable to everyone. The language in this bill, which the Senator from Oklahoma wants to modify, is consistent with that agreement. My language simply says it is our policy to sign the treaty as soon as practicable. And that reflects the understanding that the administration is searching aggressively for alternatives to landmines. And General Ralston has assured me that they are doing that and I have confidence in him.  Incidentally, several types of landmines we use are not prohibited by the Ottawa Treaty, neither command detonated Claymore mines, nor anti-tank mines. But I am concerned that my friend from Oklahoma now wants to give a veto to a whole lot of other people. The fact of the matter is, no treaty is going to come up here with any chance of being approved by two-thirds of the Senate unless the President, the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and everybody else support it. But the Senator from Oklahoma wants to require that each of the unified combatant commanders has to agree--it apparently isn't enough that the Commander in Chief, or the Secretary of Defense, agrees.  I have dealt in good faith with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the President and the National Security Adviser and the Secretary of Defense. My language reflects that. And I agreed not to oppose a waiver of my moratorium legislation, and other things that the Pentagon wanted. The amendment by the Senator from Oklahoma places that agreement in jeopardy.  I know there may be others who wish to speak. I will give a longer tutorial on the landmines issue later today or tomorrow. But let's be clear. My language does not have us ratifying the Ottawa Treaty or anything like that. We are not ratifying it here, even though 40 of those nations will have done so very shortly, the fastest that any international law or arms control treaty has ever been agreed to come into force. No. Even with my language, the United States is still one of the lone holdouts in the world. Certainly among our NATO allies we are the most significant holdout.  I tell my friend from Oklahoma, if he went to some of the parts of the world where we use the Leahy War Victims Fund and saw the numbers of civilians blown apart by landmines, he would understand my concerns. And if he received the letters or talked to the military officers I have talked to who have been injured, or seen their fellow soldiers killed or wounded by our own landmines, he would understand. And if he had heard some of the speeches by our allies who ask why the most powerful nation on Earth wants them to give up their landmines but refuses to give up ours, then he would also understand my concern.  Mr. President, I will have more to say and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  I withhold that, Mr. President, if the Senator from Oklahoma wishes to speak. I withhold the suggestion of the absence of a quorum.  