President, I was delighted to join with Senator DeWine during National Crime Victims Rights Week in April to introduce S. 1976, the Crime Victims with Disabilities Awareness Act. I was glad to welcome Senator Kennedy, Senator Hatch, Senator Kohl, Senator Feinstein, and Senator Abraham as cosponsors.  I have been overwhelmed by the positive response and broad support that our bill has received. I have, and will include in the record, a letter of support signed by over 50 groups, including the National Association of Developmental Disabilities Council's the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill, the National Association of State Directors of Special Education, the National Center of Hearing Disabilities, the American Association of Health and Disability, and many, many others.  In order to move this bill through the Judiciary Committee, Senator DeWine and I are agreeing to a substitute amendment to the Crime Victims With Disabilities Awareness Act. The substitute eliminates the specific authorization for the research funding and would, instead, leave it up to the Department of Justice to allocate money for this research. Although I preferred our original bill and regret having to eliminate the specific authorization that was at the heart of our original proposal, I was prepared to accept the amendment in order to achieve progress on this important front in our efforts better to assist and serve victims of crime.  The bill being considered by the Senate would have the Department of Justice conduct research which will increase public awareness of the victimization of individual with developmental disabilities, understanding of the nature and extent of such crimes, and examine the means by which States may establish and maintain a database on the incident of crime against individuals with disabilities.  The need for this research is abundantly clear. Studies conducted abroad have found that individuals with disabilities are four to 10 times more likely to be a victim than individuals without disabilities. One Canadian study found that 67 percent of women with disabilities were physically or sexually assaulted as children.  This bill also directs the Attorney General to utilize statistics gathered from studies by the Department for inclusion in the National Crime Victims Survey.  I said in April that it is important that we focus attention on the needs and rights of crime victims not only during National Crime Victims Rights Week, but throughout the year. For the past several years, I have worked hard with others to make improvements in the law and provide greater assistance to victims of crime.  My involvement with crime victims rights began more than three decades ago when I served as State's Attorney for Chittenden County, Vermont, and witnessed first-hand the devastation of crime. I have worked ever since to ensure that the criminal justice system is one that respects the rights and dignity of victims of crime and domestic violence, rather than presents additional ordeals for those already victimized.  Over the last 20 years we have made strides in recognizing crime victims' rights and providing much needed assistance. I am proud to have played a role in passage of the Victims and Witnesses Protection Act of 1983, the Victims of Crime Act of 1984, and the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 and the other improvements we have been able to make.  In the Violent Crime Control Act of 1994, Congress acted to ensure a right of allocution of victims of crimes of violence or sexual abuse and to make tens of millions of dollars available to crime victims. No amount of money can make up for the harm and trauma of being the victim of crime, but we should do all that we can to see that victims are assisted, compensated and treated with dignity by the criminal justice system.  I was the author of the Victims of Terrorism Act that passed the Senate the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing and became the basis for the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act signed into law in April 1996. We are able to make funds available through supplemental grants to the States to assist and compensate victims of terrorism and mass violence, which incidents might otherwise have overwhelmed the resources of Oklahoma's crime victims compensation program or its victims assistance services.  We also filled a gap in our law for residents of the United States who are victims of terrorism and mass violence that occur outside the borders of the United States. In addition, we allowed greater flexibility to our State and local victims' assistance programs and some greater certainly so that they can know that our commitments to victims programming will not wax and wane with events. And we were able to raise the assessments on those convicted of federal crimes in order to fund the needs of crime victims.  Last year, I cosponsored the Victim Rights Clarification Act of 1997. That legislation reversed a presumption against crime victims observing the fact phase of a trial if they were likely to provide testimony during the sentencing phase of that trial. As a result of that legislation, not only were victims of the Oklahoma City bombing able to observe the trial of Timothy McVeigh, all those who were able to witness the trial and were called as witnesses to provide victim impact testimony at the sentencing phase of that trial, were able to do so.  The Crime Victims Assistance Act, S. 1081, is legislation that I introduced this past July with Senator Kennedy. It builds upon the progress made over the last several years. It provides for a wholesale reform of the Federal Rules and Federal law to establish additional rights and protections for victims of federal crime.  This bill would provide crime victims with an enhanced right to be heard on the issue of pretrial detention and plea bargains, an enhanced right to a speedy trial and to be present in the courtroom throughout a trial, an enhanced right to be heard on probation revocation and to give a statement at sentencing, and the right to be notified of a defendant's escape or release from prison.  The Crime Victims Assistance Act would also strengthen victims' services by increasing Federal victim assistance personnel, enhancing training for State and local law enforcement and Officers of the Court, and establishing an ombudsman program for crime victims.  With a simple majority of both Houses of Congress, the Crime Victims Assistance Act could be enacted this year and we could mark a significant and immediate difference in the lives of victims throughout our country. I hope that the Senate will turn to this important measure, as well, in our efforts to assist victims of crime.  One unfortunate consequence of the effort to focus attention on proposals to amend the Constitution has been to dissipate efforts to enact effective victims rights legislation over the past two years. The momentum we had built over the last several years has been dissipated by this constitutional focus and exclusion of statutory reform.  While we have made great improvements in our law enforcement and crime victims assistance programs and have made advances in recognizing crime victims' rights, we still have work to do. Each year I try to help focus attention on those who work so hard every week of the year on behalf of all crime victims in crime victims' assistance and compensation programs. Their hard work and dedication have made a real difference in the lives of people who suffer from violence and abuse.  The needs of victims of crime are many and must be addressed in a number of ways, including strengthening law enforcement and education, improving and increasing services for victims, and protecting the rights of victims. I am hopeful that in the days to come, the research directed by the Crime Victims with Disabilities Awareness Act will serve as the foundation for the growth and improvement of services available to victims with disabilities throughout our country.  