President, I rise today in opposition to the Product Liability Reform Act of 1998. I understand the concerns raised by a few well-publicized cases of outsized punitive damages awards in product liability cases. In seeking to address those concerns, however, this bill simply goes too far. It overly restricts an injured person's right to seek legal redress from the makers and sellers of dangerous products, and tramples on states' rights in the process.  In fact, this legislation could leave consumers with a more dangerous marketplace. The bill caps punitive damages at the lesser of $250,000 or twice an individual's loss for smaller businesses. This cap will allow a company to calculate with a much greater degree of certainty the economic cost of placing a dangerous product into the market. If that cost is less than the cost of the design or manufacturing changes necessary to make the product safe, companies may choose to sell the dangerous product and rely on the damages cap in this legislation to limit their losses when people are hurt and file claims.  I am at a loss to understand the need for such drastic reform. The Senate just concluded debate on a tobacco bill that would not have occurred but for an individual's ability in the current civil justice system to recover punitive damages against the maker, in this case, of a killer product. Individual states have recovered billions of dollars in damages from the tobacco industry in the same system. Despite all of the high-minded rhetoric of the tobacco industry, the threat of punitive damages was a key factor in bringing the companies to the table.  Mr. President, the civil justice system works. The threat of punitive damages should be preserved as a powerful deterrent to manufacturing dangerous products. Damage awards should not be a calculable, fixed business expense to be coldly measured against the consumer's welfare.  If the concern is frivolous lawsuits, we do not need federal legislation. Federal and state court judges already have the power to dismiss such actions under Rules 12 and 56 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and similar state procedural rules. The Supreme Court's Daubert decision has established rigorous standards for the admissibility of expert testimony in product liability cases.  In addition, many states already have enacted comprehensive tort reform laws of their own that include product liability provisions. If the Vermont State Legislature wants to enact restrictions on product liability lawsuits or caps on punitive damages, then they are free to do so. And the Vermont State Legislature is free to not change Vermont's civil justice system.  And that's as it should be. The law of torts has always been the province of the states. This bill, though, would inject a federal standard into every state's negligence law and into every state's punitive damages proof threshold. The federal government should not dictate state tort law standards in any event, and particularly in this case, as states already have taken many steps to reform their own product liability laws.  Why do we now want to pass a Federal law to override these State laws that have addressed product liability reforms? Do we in the United States Senate now know better than our state legislatures? What happened to state's rights?  I do not believe the false threat of frivolous lawsuits justifies this bill. Instead, this bill is a solution in search of a problem. There is no product liability litigation crisis in Vermont or the rest of the country. In fact, less than one percent of new case filings in state courts are brought by injured consumers in products liability lawsuits.  And while the bill restricts consumers' rights and imposes tort standards on states, the legislation will not apply to lawsuits involving commercial interests--what hypocrisy! While consumers may have their hands tied, businesses will be free to pursue their claims without any limitations. Because almost half of all civil litigation is commercial in nature, almost half of all civil litigation will be completely unaffected by this bill. If the problems in product liability litigation truly areserious enough to warrant handcuffing consumers and dictating tort law to the states, then businesses should be bound by this bill's restrictions as well.  In what appears to be the height of corporate welfare, a new paragraph has been slipped into this bill that grants immunity from products liability lawsuits for a Mississippi medical products company, Baxter International, Inc. This new paragraph would exempt from products liability lawsuits any manufacturers who make the raw materials used in intravenous bags, which just happens to benefit Baxter International, Inc.  Mr. President, the civil justice system is not perfect, but it works. This legislation would not improve the system. Rather, it will make it more difficult for consumers to fight against unsafe or dangerous products, and may result in a more dangerous marketplace overall. I urge my colleagues to reject this bill.  