President, first off, I thank my friend, the distinguished senior Senator from Utah, for his kind remarks. We have tried to work very closely together on this. It is something that is not a happy chore for either one of us. The meeting we had today was nearly 3 hours, as I recall. He and I went off and had lunch afterward and discussed it. I think it accomplished a great deal. He and his counterpart in the House, Chairman Hyde, did a service for the Congress and for the country by patiently working out what I believe could have been a very difficult situation with the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee contempt resolution against the Attorney General. He has helped all people, Republicans and Democrats, and I commend the Senator from Utah for that.  The Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General and all the others who have been listed by the Senator from Utah, as I said, spent nearly 3 hours together today. The Attorney General explained, as she has in the past in public hearings, her reasons for not appointing an independent counsel to take over the ongoing Department investigation of allegations of wrongdoing in the 1996 Presidential election. She also provided us on a confidential basis internal Department memoranda in this matter.  Without going into what is in those memoranda, I mention the fact that she made them available for our review because it is unprecedented. And I, for one, appreciate the way the Attorney General has tried to keep Congress, in its oversight capacity, informed.  This is a serious matter. Whether or not the Attorney General should appoint an independent counsel has diverted the attention of a number of committees, both here in the Senate and the House, and a number of Members. It is a difficult thing because there are grand jury rules that have to be followed, there are secrecy rules that have to be followed, and there are internal procedures that have to be followed that sometimes may not allow for an instant response between the time a question is asked and the evening news.  The Attorney General has referred matters to independent counsels at least 10 times, if you count both the requests she has made for appointments of new independent counsels or expansions of the jurisdictions of those independent counsels already operating. So she does not shy away from exercising her discretion under the independent counsel statute.  I do not want to see us get involved in some kind of intense second-guessing and arm-twisting of the Attorney General when she has shown she is willing to trigger an independent counsel statute, as she has done 10 times already. This goes for when she has declined to do so as well. So whether one agrees or disagrees with the Attorney General's decision on appointing independent counsels, or decisions not to appoint independent counsels--and one can agree or disagree--but what we as Senators want to be careful about, what we must be careful about, is not to politicize what is already becoming an overly politicized process. The meeting this morning was designed to bring down the decibel level. I do not want to be in a position to increase it.  I give the Attorney General credit for playing it straight with Members of Congress in both parties; for always being available and willing to explain her reasons to the extent she can without jeopardizing ongoing investigations or violating grand jury secrecy rules.  I have been here with five administrations and dealt with Attorneys General through all of them. There are some things that they cannot share with us and have to wait on, either because of grand jury rules or ongoing investigations, before they can discuss them.  This Attorney General is not going to be pushed around by anybody in Congress. I would be concerned if she allowed herself to be pushed around. We have had discussions about internal debates that have taken place within the Department of Justice and the FBI on whether in this or that or in another instance an independent counsel should be appointed. I would certainly hope there would be an internal debate. These are very, very serious matters. If we had a Department of Justice or an FBI where internally, on every single issue, everybody walked in lockstep, my question would be what have they missed?  I never remember prosecuting a case of any seriousness or complexity when I was a prosecutor, but with the police or the investigators or other members of my office having some internal debate. ``Are we bringing the right charge? Are we bringing enough charges? Are we bringing too strong a charge? Should we withhold charges?'' And nothing I ever had to deal with began to reach the significance of what the Attorney General is dealing with.  So will there be internal debate? Of course there will be. Should there be internal debate? Of course there should be. But under the law, at some point the buck stops on her desk, and she has to make that decision. Once she hasmade that decision, fine. If we disagree, let us say so. But understand that she has to make it.  Prosecutors have enormous power. The trust and the confidence of the American people in our justice system would evaporate if this Attorney General or any Attorney General allowed politics to dictate decisions like these. I don't think she is doing that. I believe, this is confirmed by listening to even some in the Department of Justice who have disagreed with her decisions. They have all said, unanimously, that they understand she is looking at this very, very honestly. She has made her decisions very directly and very honestly.  People from both the FBI and within the Department of Justice, when asked specifically, ``Was anybody put off limits? Was any part of the investigation put off limits?'', they said unanimously nothing was put off limits. They were not told to put anybody or any transaction or any activity off limits.  So I think we will see more on this as days go on. I think the meeting this morning was a valuable one and I commend my friend from Utah for having the meeting. Many aspects of this we agree on. Some aspects we may disagree on. But I state to my friend from Utah he has been fair and open with us on this. If we have disagreements, they are honest disagreements. But he and I will continue to work closely on this because in the end what we want to see, whatever these questions are, is that we have them resolved fairly. And I think we agree on that. I yield the floor.  