President, I thank the leader for his courtesy earlier. I will be very brief. Any time we speak of juvenile justice, there are, obviously, emotional issues that come up, as there was on this. But I believe the Senate has voted the proper way on the motion of the distinguished senior Senator from New Hampshire to table the amendment.  We can all tell horror stories of juvenile justice. One that came to my mind while listening to the lengthy debate this morning is a case when I was State's attorney. A man I knew well died as he was telling me who killed him. It was a juvenile. As he described it, we were in the emergency room and doctors were trying to save his life. I was there as the chief law enforcement officer of the county. And heard him tell me who the juvenile was who killed him. So we can all tell terrible stories.  What I also know, though, from my experience in law enforcement, and from law enforcement experts I have talked with today all over the country, is that prevention is still the best way to stop juvenile crimes. It is almost axiomatic. And we have a good funding method that the distinguished senior Senator from New Hampshire and the distinguished Senator from South Carolina have put together in this bill, and we should keep with that formula.  Had this amendment not been tabled, we would have had these juvenile prevention moneys--we would have had 35 percent going to building facilities and information-sharing programs, 45 percent into more judges and probation officers and prosecutors and technology and courts, and so forth.  The fact is, we are getting a handle on juvenile crime in this country, but we are doing it through prevention programs. All the police officers I have talked with in my State, and all the police officers I have talked with elsewhere, tell me the same thing: Better and more prevention programs to stop juvenile crime.  Among my duties as a prosecutor was to represent the State in the most active juvenile court in our State. Nearly a third of the juvenile cases in our State went through there. Over and over and over again, I saw the tragedy of juvenile crimes occurring because there had not been prevention programs. We did the right thing in this vote.  I yield the floor.  