President, I am delighted that the Senate has decided to take up the nomination of Richard L. Young to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana.  This is one of seven judicial nominations that is currently pending before the Senate. I spoke a little earlier this afternoon about this.  I want to note that, unfortunately, the Senate continues to pass over thenominations of G. Patrick Murphy for a vacancy on the Federal bench of the Southern District of Illinois and Michael P. McCluskey for a judicial emergency vacancy on the Federal bench for the Central District of Illinois.  Nor is the Senate today taking action on the nomination of Edward Shea to the Federal bench for the Eastern District of Washington, Judge Jeremy Fogel to the judicial emergency vacancy on the Federal bench for the Northern District of California or Margaret McKeown to a judicial emergency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  Judge Young has been with the Vandenburgh Circuit Court of Indiana since 1990. After Senator Lugar came to the Judiciary Committee to testify in his behalf, Judge Young was reported by the Committee without a single dissenting vote. The American Bar Association gave Jude Young its highest rating.  I believe there will be a unanimous vote in support of this nomination and want to congratulate him and his family.  The Senate returns this week facing 85 Federal court vacancies--85. Despite the Senate's dismal record for 2 years running in acting on judicial nominations, I finally saw reason to hope that the extremism that has bedeviled this process might be losing a tiny bit--a tiny bit--of its hold on the Senate.  Few nominees have been targeted as heavily for defeat as was Margaret Morrow, a superbly qualified nominee for a district court judgeship in Southern California. She endured waves of questions, protracted stalling and mysterious holds that prevented an up-or-down vote. Finally, 2 years after she was nominated, she got an overwhelming, super majority, positive vote here in the Senate. I wanted to take that as a signal that public concerns about these logjams were beginning to register with the Senate.  But, unfortunately, that nomination was the last nomination confirmed by the Senate in February. We closed out our first 2 months this year with only five confirmations for article III judges.  Chief Justice William Rehnquist spoke forcefully on the judicial vacancy crisis that is plaguing the Federal courts. He warned: ``Vacancies cannot remain at such high levels indefinitely without eroding the quality of justice that traditionally has been associated with the Federal judiciary.''  Justice delayed means justice denied, because without judges courts cannot try cases, sentence the guilty or resolve civil disputes. Partisan and narrow ideological efforts to impose political litmus tests on judicial nominees and to shut down the judiciary must stop.  We began this year facing vacancies in about one out of every 10 judgeships, and about one-third were judicial emergency vacancies which have been empty for more than a year and a half.  Mr. President, if all we are going to do so far is two judges a month, and we have 85 vacancies, the Senate is not living up to its responsibilities. The Senate is not upholding the Constitution of the United States and not fulfilling our responsibilities to the judicial branch or the American people.  The first week of this session I challenged the Senate to maintain the pace that it reached last fall when we confirmed 27 judges in the last nine weeks of the session. In the first four weeks of this new session, however, we have acted to confirm only five judges. Judge Young will be the sixth judge confirmed in this our fifth week in session. We are well short of the mark and not measuring up to the pace this very Senate attained last fall. I, therefore, urge the Majority Leader to take up the nominations of G. Patrick Murphy, Michael P. McCluskey, Edward F. Shea, Jeremy D. Fogel and M. Margaret McKeown without further delay.  Mr. President, I withhold my time remaining, and, if we are ready to go for a vote, I will yield it.  