President, this summer we are being treated to an exceptional season of baseball, from the record breaking pace of the New York Yankees and the resurgence of the Boston Red Sox, to a number of inspiring individual achievements, including the perfect game of David Wells and the home run displays of McGwire, Griffey and Sosa. Such are the exploits that childhood memories are made of--and which we all thought could be counted on, that is until the summer of 1994.  Now finally, after years of turmoil, major league baseball is just beginning to emerge from the slump it inflicted upon itself, by returning to that which makes the game great--the game and the players on the field. And, last weekend, Larry Doby and others at long last were inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. These are steps in the right direction.  Today, the Senate will give baseball another nudge in the right direction by passing S. 53, the ``Curt Flood Act of 1998.'' Murray Chass, a gifted reporter writing for The New York Times noted that on this issue we have finally ``moved into scoring position with a bill that would alter the antitrust exemption Major League Baseball has enjoyed since 1922.''  I am gratified that 76 years after an aberrant Supreme Court decision, we are finally making it clear that with respect to the antitrust laws, major league baseball teams are no different than teams in any other professional sport. For years, baseball was the only business or sport, of which I am aware, that claimed an exemption from antitrust laws, without any regulation in lieu of those laws. The Supreme Court refused to undue its mistake with respect to major league baseball made in the 1922 case of Federal Baseball. Finally, in the most well-known case on the issue, Flood v. Kuhn, the Court reaffirmed the Federal Baseball case on the basis of the legal principle of stare decisis while specifically finding that professional baseball is indeed an activity of interstate commerce, and thereby rejecting the legal basis for the Federal Baseball case.  Mr. President, as a result of that and subsequent decisions, and with the end of the major league reserve clause as the result of an arbitrator's ruling in 1976, there has been a growing debate as to the continued vitality, if any, of any antitrust exemption for baseball. It is for precisely this reason that this bill is limited in its scope to employment relations between major league owners and major league players. That is what is at the heart of turmoil in baseball and what is at the heart of the breach of trust with the fans that marked the cancellation of the 1994 World Series. At least we can take this small step toward ensuring the continuity of the game and restoring public confidence in it.  When David Cone testified at our hearing three years ago, he posed a most perceptive question. He asked: If baseball were coming to Congress to ask us to provide a statutory antitrust exemption, would such a bill be passed? The answer to that question is a resounding no. Nor should the owners, sitting at the negotiating table in a labor dispute, think that their anticompetitive behavior cannot be challenged. That is an advantage enjoyed by no other group of employers.  The certainty provided by this bill will level the playing field, making labor disruptions less likely in the future. The real beneficiaries will be the fans. They deserve it.  Mr. President, I just wanted to comment briefly on a couple of changes made in the substitute from the bill as reported by the Committee. First, the changes in the language in subsection (a) are not intended to limit in any way the rights of players at the major league level as they would be construed under the language of the bill as reported by the Judiciary Committee last July. The additional language was added to ensure that a minor league player, or someone who had played at the major league level and returned to the minor leagues, cannot use subsection (a), concerned with play at the major league level, to attack what is really a minor league employment issue only. Alternatively, neither can the major leagues use the wording of subsection (a) and that of subsection (d) to subvert the purpose of subsection (a) merely by linking a major league practice with a minor league practice. That linkage itself may be an antitrust violation and be actionable under this Act. It cannot be used as a subterfuge by which to subject players at the major league level to acts, practices or agreements that teams or owners in other sports could not subject athletes to.  Finally, the practices set forth in subsection (b) are not intended to be affected by this Act. While this is true, it should be remembered that although the pure entrepreneurial decisions in this area are unaffected by the Act, if those decisions are made in such a way as to implicate employment of major league players at the major league level, once again, those actions may be actionable under subsection (a). More importantly, we are making no findings as to how, under labor laws, those issues are to be treated.  In closing, Mr. President, I would like to thank all those involved in this undertaking: Chairman Hatch, of course, without whose unfailing efforts this result would not be possible; our fellow cosponsors, Senators Thurmond and Moynihan, and other members of our Committee; and John Conyers, the Ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, for making this bill a priority. And I want to commend the interested parties for working to find a solution they can all support. Not only have they done a service to the fans, but they may find, on reflection, that they have done a service to themselves by working together for the good of the game.  Finally, Mr. President, I would be remiss if I did not comment on the man for whom this legislation is named, Curt Flood. He was a superb athlete and a courageous man who sacrificed his career for perhaps a more lasting baseball legacy. When others refused, he stood up and said no to a system that he thought un-American as it bound one man to another for his professional career without choice and without a voice in his future.  I am sad that he did not live long enough to see this day. In deference to his memory and in the interests of every fan of this great game, I hope that Congress will act quickly on this bill. I am delighted that we are moving forward today and that we are finally able to enjoy the game once again.  