President, I rise today to talk about the predicament Vermont, Maine and Texas find themselves in, simply because they are following Congress' directions. In 1985, we amended the Low-Level Nuclear Waste Policy Act to encourage states to enter into interstate compacts to develop disposal facilities for low-level waste by December, 1995, or to assume responsibility for safe waste disposal in their own states. Following our direction, Vermont began looking for an in-state depository location. The sites examined in Vermont were not suitable because of both their geology and their proximity to large populations. At about the same time, Texas offered to enter into a compact with Vermont and Maine and to use a site they were already developing for Texas waste.  The state legislatures of Vermont, Maine and Texas agreed to enter into this compact in the early 1990s. The Compact is a contractual agreement among the three states, but it requires Congressional approval in order to allow the member states to exclude waste from outside their compact. According to our Constitution, these compacts must be approved by Congress. Article 1 clearly states that ``No state shall, without the Consent of Congress, . . . Enter into any Agreement or Compact with another state, . . . .''  Since 1985, nine interstate low-level waste compacts have been approved by Congress, encompassing forty-one states. They were ratified without change and without a single recorded negative vote. I am pleased to see that the Vermont, Maine and Texas Compact will follow in that tradition.  I first introduced legislation to approve our Compact in the 103rd Congress. Passage of H.R. 629 finally ratifies the clear will of the Vermont Legislature when it entered in the Compact. At that time, I believe we all recognized that there was no perfect solution for dealing with low-level nuclear waste, but as long as we are generating power from nuclear facilities and as long as our research universities, hospitals and laboratories use nuclear materials, we are going to have to dispose of the waste. We cannot continue to ignore the need to safely store nuclear waste. To pretend otherwise would be to ignore the growing environmental problem of storing this waste at inadequate, temporary sites in Vermont, Maine and Texas.  Instead, we need to make a commitment to developing and building the safest facility for long-term storage of waste. That is what our States have done, and Congress should not stand in their way. I have talked with our Vermont state geologist. We have looked at maps of Vermont and we have looked at our geology, hydrology and meteorology in Vermont. There is only one conclusion from all of these discussions: there is not an acceptable site for nuclear waste storage in our state.  The Compact also makes economic sense. The residents of Vermont have already committed themselves to this Compact, and the twenty-five million dollar price tag that goes along with it. Since Vermont generates such a small amount of waste, it would be economically unfeasible to build a facility that would meet all the environmental requirements and only store waste generated in Vermont. Building such a facility would put Vermont in a position of looking to other states to help support the facility.  It is also important to remember that under the Compact, Texas has agreed to host the waste facility, but it does not name a specific site. That is an issue to be decided by the people of Texas, as it should be. This Compact also allows the states of Vermont, Maine and Texas to refuse waste from other states. Specifically, Texas will be able to limit the amount of low-level waste coming into its facility from out-of-state sources. Maine and Vermont together produce a fraction of what is generated in Texas, but by entering into this Compact, our states will share the cost of building the facility.  Finally, building the facility does not end Vermont's obligation to the safety of this site. We have a long-term commitment to the site, from ensuring that the facility meets all of the federal construction and operating regulations, to making sure the waste is transported properly to the site, and to ensuring that the surrounding area is rigorously monitored. Vermont will not send its waste to Texas and then close it eyes to the rest of the process.      Amendments No. 2277 and 2278, En Bloc, To Amendment No. 2276  