President, while waiting for others, I note with regard to the North Korea McCain amendment that I stand behind no Member of this body in my respect for my friend from Arizona, and certainly I know no one who has followed the situation in North Korea closer than he has. I give him a great deal of weight for his insight. I understand his concerns. I share them. I suspect that most Senators do, especially as we watched the unbelievably irresponsible activity on the part of North Korea in their recent missile firing.  Unfortunately, this amendment would prevent the United States from fulfilling its obligations under the Korea nuclear reactor agreement. Maybe the Congress will make that decision to do that. Of course the Congress can. But I hope that Senators would think long and hard before we go down that road. This North Korea agreement is not perfect. There is no disagreement about that on this side of the aisle. There is also no disagreement about the behavior of the North Korean Government. It is reprehensible. At times it seems inexplicable. It is certainly the most irresponsible activity of any country on Earth today. They almost seem to want the United States to back out of this agreement.  But I think the questions we should ask, if I could have the attention of my friend from Arizona, would be just these:  Does the Secretary of Defense support this amendment? Does the commander of our forces in Korea support the amendment? What do they think the level of danger between the United States and North Korea will be with this amendment?  I ask this because I share the frustration of the Senator from Arizona toward North Korea.  Mr. McCAIN. First of all, I appreciate the efforts of the distinguished Chairman of the subcommittee who mentioned he has had five hearings on this issue. We obviously paid close attention to the Senator from Wyoming who now feels that the time has come to support this amendment. I believe that the commander of the forces in Korea, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, probably the national security adviser, and even the President, if he knows about the amendment, is probably in opposition.  I want to tell the Senator from Vermont this agreement was flawed from the beginning. I stood on the floor of the Senate and said it would fail. It was a bribe. It was kicking the can down the road. There was no inspections required. The reality is that North Korea, which is the most Orwellian, bizarre government in history, they have a ruler who is--well, he likes to kidnap Japanese movie actresses. We are supposed to trust the word of these people? And they just launched a missile--a two-stage missile--which every arms control expert in America will tell you that you don't build these kind of missiles unless they are armed with weapons of mass destruction.  This thing was wrong from the start, and everything that we have seen has proven that to be the case, including every major newspaper in America--the L.A. Times, the New York Times, the Washington Post, and, frankly, the former national security adviser, Mr. Brzezinski, and many others; Dr. Kissinger, and many others.  For each expert that the Senator from Vermont could present, I could give you one who is as well regarded, or more highly regarded, who feels that it is time that we at least demand that they stop building nuclear weapons.  I reply to the Senator from Vermont. The amendment simply says that we won't continue to pay them millions of dollars if they in return continue to try to build nuclear weapons, which is what the whole agreement was about, supposedly, to start with.  I thank the Senator from Vermont.  