President, drunk drivers are a menace to all of us. Last September, a car driven by an alcohol-impaired teenager went off the road near Montpelier, Vermont, killing teenagers Brian Redmond and Ryan Kitchen. This was a rare enough tragedy in Vermont that it sent the entire state into mourning. Nationwide, however, the story is far different. More than 40 percent of all traffic fatalities are alcohol-related--more than 17,000 in 1996 alone.  I am proud that Vermont is one of only 15 states that already has a .08 blood alcohol standard. Vermonters have a longstanding awareness of the dangers of drunk driving, and I advocated adoption of the toughest state drunk driving laws in the nation while serving as State's Attorney in Chittenden County. Today, Vermont has a state law which lowers the threshold for drivers under the age of 21 to .02 percent, one of the toughest laws in the nation.  The amendment which we are considering will establish a .08 standard in all 50 states. If enacted, states will have three years to enact .08 laws, or they will have a portion of their highway construction funds withheld. With all due respect to the cosponsors of this amendment, I have reservations about this approach. I have always been a senator who believes that, whenever possible, Congress should respect each state's right to govern itself. I am uncomfortable when we in Washington say that we will penalize states financially when they do not behave as we see fit. I think we in Congress use that threat too often. Instead of punishments, we should offer incentives for states to adopt tougher drinking and driving laws. It would be better to offer supplemental transportation resources to those states that meet a higher standard. The rest of the states would follow soon enough once they see their neighbors benefitting from doing the right thing.  Nevertheless, I am convinced that Senator Lautenberg's amendment will save lives, just as the .08 standard has saved lives in Vermont. Although this amendment will not directly affect Vermont, I will vote for it. I am convinced that we can send a strong signal to all Americans that there should be one standard for drinking and driving. This nation has made some progress in the war on drinking and driving, and with this legislation we can save still more lives.  