President, every week I wonder just what new step the special prosecutor, Mr. Starr, will find himself carrying out, and each week it seems he does not disappoint.  One week, we will recall, a citizen had the temerity to ask why Prosecutor Starr was using the results of an illegal wiretap, something that had been reported in the press that, without a doubt, he was using an illegal--illegal--wiretap. This citizen had the audacity to question Mr. Starr. Of course,he got slapped with a subpoena, had to spend as much money on a lawyer as he saved for a year's college tuition for one of his children and was brought into the star chamber, the grand jury, and had to say why he dared question the man behind the curtain.  This was probably as outrageous an abuse of prosecutorial discretion as anything I have seen in a while, but unlike prosecutors who are elected or Senators who are elected or people who are elected, Mr. Starr, the Republican prosecutor, does not have to respond to anybody, and he has an unlimited budget. He sent a very clear signal: ``If you dare question my use of illegal tactics, I'll stop you from questioning me, I'll make you spend so much money that you can't do it.'' And, of course, he has an unlimited amount of money himself so he can do that.  He then topped that outrageous activity by bringing Monica Lewinsky's mother before him and for day after day grilled her on things that her daughter may have told her in confidence. So he set the precedent that a prosecutor will have a mother in there for something that has nothing to do with violent crime or crime against the country or anything else and say, ``You have to tell us what your daughter told you.'' If your daughter dares to confide in you, if your child dares to come to a parent and ask advice or confide in a parent, then Prosecutor Starr will want to know what you said to your parent. This is in between giving paid speeches to groups to talk about family values.  I was outraged as were many others. I have introduced a measure to lead to our reviewing the law on this point. On March 6, I introduced S.1721 to develop Federal prosecutorial guidelines to protect familial privacy and parent-child communications in matters that do not involve allegations of violent conduct or drug trafficking. In addition, the legislation would direct the Judicial Conference to undertake a study and then report whether the Federal Rules of Evidence should be amended explicitly to recognize a parent-child privilege.  Then what was this week's latest outrage? As I said, I keep wondering how he is going to top himself. He did this time by going to a bookstore and saying I want to know what books somebody was buying and reading. Now, the bookstore knows that this is an outrageous request, and the bookstore knows that people ought to be able to come into a bookstore, read anything they want, look at anything they want, buy anything they want without having Prosecutor Starr and his henchmen come right in behind them and see what they read.  The bookstore had it made very clear to them by Prosecutor Starr and his henchmen that ``If you want to fight this, you are going to have to sell one heck of a lot of books to pay the lawyers. You probably won't sell enough books this year to pay what we will cost you for defending the rights of your customers.''  Prosecutor Starr doesn't have to worry because he has already spent $40 million of what we, the taxpayers, have given him, with no end in sight. So he can tell that bookstore, ``Go ahead, make my day, you go on in and try to fight this. I'll bankrupt you. I'll just grind you down into the ground.''  So now there is this idea, Mr. President, that everyone has to think if they go into a bookstore, ``Am I going to have a subpoena in there to see what I read or don't read?''  I remember when Judge Bork was before the U.S. Senate for confirmation. Somebody came into the Senate Judiciary Committee and said, ``We have a list of what Robert Bork has been renting from video stores.'' I was so incensed that anybody would do that, I introduced legislation to make it illegal to give out the lists of what people rented in a video store. To make it bipartisan, my good friend Alan Simpson, the distinguished Republican whip and a conservative Republican, joined me on that, and we passed the Leahy-Simpson bill. What we said in the Leahy-Simpson bill is that it is nobody's business what you rent for videos, and I think the American people agreed with us.  The difference is we had Democrats standing up for the rights of a Republican nominee in that instance and all Americans. Now, of course, we have a Republican prosecutor who says it doesn't make any difference to him, ``I want to know what you are reading.'' Are we going to start with people following us through a video store now and say, ``Well, we can't tell you what he rented, but we know he glanced over at one of the R-rated videos.''  Or are they going to follow us into the library and say, ``He read Chaucer's `Canterbury Tales,' and you know what they say.'' Actually most people don't, because they never bothered to read it in an English class--but they think something unseemly may be in there.  Or, ``He read `Catcher in the Rye.' '' Woo-wee, there is going to be a field day.  If Prosecutor Starr followed me through a bookstore, he is going to find me reading everything from ``Angela's Ashes'' to ``Batman.'' He can have a lot of fun with this. ``Angela's Ashes'' talks about Frank McCourt going into the library and reading dictionaries, where he looked up words that his parents wouldn't tell him the meaning of. Of course, ``Batman'' is a guy who runs around in a suit with a mask on. Now, that is going to kind of raise some questions.  What about the person who goes into a magazine store to buy Time or Newsweek magazine, but they may have slowed down by the magazines that had pictures of unclothed people or certain sports magazines with their swimsuit editions?  Or what about this--here is something for Prosecutor Starr to look at--check the person who has an average income who goes into the magazine store and picks up the magazine with expensive sports cars that they couldn't possibly afford. They are reading about Ferraris, Maseratis and Porsches. Maybe we better subpoena that person's bank accounts; maybe we better check him out. Why would they be reading about a Maserati and a Ferrari if they only make $40,000 a year? Something is going on here.  New Englanders have asked during witch hunts whether there is any sense of decency. Let's get a grip.  If, as Mr. Starr has indicated in his activities with the Paula Jones attorneys and with other groups, that he wants to get rid of the President of the United States who was elected twice--fine, let him just come forward and say so. Just say, ``Look, I want him out of office; I will do anything possible to get him out of office,'' and maybe people will understand. But let us at least realize the damaging precedents that are being set.  Are we going to have thought control? Are we really going to go to the point where we ask people what they read, what they see? Are we going to next ask, ``Well, what newspapers do you read?'' It is not enough to ask what newspaper do you read, ``What sections of the newspaper do you read? I mean, do you read the sports section or the business section? Do you read the comic page or the gossip page? Do you read the front page or the obituaries, and why those obituaries, what were you looking for?''  We Americans have a sense of privacy. We ought to be able to read anything we want. We ought to be able to look at what we want. We shouldn't have to worry that a prosecutor is going to come in and, basically, threaten a bookstore with bankruptcy if they don't tell you what their customers read or buy.  Just as Senator Simpson and I passed a law so people couldn't ask Judge Bork or any other nominee what videos they rent, we ought to be protecting what people read. This is America. This is not some totalitarian, thought-controlled country.  So let us have a sense of right and wrong. Frankly, this Vermonter finds the idea of asking bookstores what books their patrons read or buy, wrong. I find it chilling, I find it frightening, and I hope that the press and everybody else will consider it. I hope they will, because if they can ask what books you read, they can ask what newspapers you read, what television news programs you watch or radio stations you listen to. It is all one in the same.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ashcroft). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  