President, I oppose Senator McCain's amendment, originally introduced as S. 1619, to require schools and libraries wired with federal funds to install Internet filtering software. Congress has wisely seen fit to make the Internet widely available to young people throughout the country by subsidizing school and library access to the Internet through ``E-rate'' discounts. The McCain amendment would undermine the benefits of that access by forcing schools and libraries to use filtering technologies to remove a significant percentage of material available on-line. Internet filtering issues should be discussed and implemented locally, not nationally, and certainly not by piggybacking a filtering bill onto a crime bill and spiriting them to the Senate floor as amendments to an appropriations bill.  While we can all agree that some material available on the Internet may be unsuitable for certain age groups, there is serious disagreement concerning the best approach to the challenge of protecting our children from exposure to unsuitable material. Fundamentally, this is a decision that should be made at the local level, by families and school boards, librarians and educators in their own communities. Although I share the deep concerns about children's access to obscenity and other harmful materials on the Internet, in the rush to protect children, we shouldnot unnecessarily chill the freedom of expression that occurs on-line.  The intention of this amendment is good. But good intentions do not always make for the best policy. The primary problem with this amendment is that it usurps local authority on whether to use filtering technologies on computers with Internet access. That's why educators oppose it. The National Education Association and the American Association of School Administrators testified before the Commerce Committee that they opposed making E-rate discounts contingent upon installation of blocking or filtering software. Imposing a top-down mandate requiring schools to install filtering software as a condition for accessing E-rate discounts violates the principle of local control of curricular matters.  Placing the burden on libraries, schools, and other public institutions to supervise our children's access to information is also counterproductive. Schools have already been forced to comply with extensive congressional and FCC requirements to participate in the E-rate program. Forcing schools to comply with further requirements would strain the already overburdened financial and staff resources of the nation's schools. Although at first blush this requirement does not appear to be overburdensome, given the number of federal requirements with which schools and libraries receiving Federal assistance already must comply, the mandate would require extensive research, installation and implementation. Some of our local schools already have their own systems in place to monitor Internet access. The McCain amendment could force them to scrap these systems and start from scratch. A number of schools and libraries have not yet even received the computers and technologies to gain access to the Internet, and are in the process of applying for E-rate funding to obtain infrastructure, such as wiring and connectivity. Schools may be unable to make the requisite demonstration as to how the filtering software will be implemented if their computers are not yet in place.  The goal of the federal Internet subsidies is to give our schools, libraries and public institutions open and universal access to the technology and information that will help prepare our children and young adults for the challenges that lie ahead in the next century. By making the subsidy available, we are helping to bridge the gap between wealthier and poorer communities' access to information. The McCain amendment would widen the gap. Wealthier schools that do not receive the subsidy are permitted, within First Amendment bounds, to decide for themselves whether or not to place limits on Internet use. Requiring use restrictions is one more way of telling subsidized schools that they are not trusted to make these decisions for themselves. This is precisely the type of access inequality that the federal E-rate subsidy was designed to cure, not foster.  Wresting control of educational and informational access from the local communities that are best equipped to make these decisions is not going to solve the problem of inappropriate material on the Internet. Filtering software is one way of restricting the access by minors to such material, but other options exist. Local school boards, administrators, and librarians more familiar with their own systems and culture are the proper people to decide how best to implement any programs restricting access to information.  I would support efforts to address these issues that allow more flexibility at the local level. Instead of a blanket mandate requiring filtering and blocking technology in all schools and libraries that receive E-rate subsidies, we should have more research into how to combat the problem of minors receiving inappropriate information over the Internet in e-mail messages and in chatrooms. We should encourage schools and libraries to distribute their policies to parents, educators, children, and community members, and to state whether they use any technological means to block access to inappropriate materials.  There are more sensible approaches. We should alert our communities to the potential problems of inappropriate materials on the Internet, and allow and encourage informed decisionmaking at the local level. That is why I have created a page on my website dedicated to providing guidance to parents and educators on how to protect children from inappropriate material online. But above all, we should support the mission behind the E-rate subsidy: open and universal access to technology and information.  Our children and our schools need as much support as we can possibly offer to help prepare the next generation to meet the challenges that lie ahead.  Mr. President, with reference to the amendment offered by Senator Coats, less than three years ago, during the 104th Congress, the Senate voted overwhelmingly to adopt the Communications Decency Act as part of the telecommunications deregulation bill. The CDA, like the current amendment, sought to criminalize the transmission of constitutionally protected speech over the Internet. I opposed the CDA from the start as fatally flawed and flagrantly unconstitutional. I predicted that the CDA would not pass constitutional muster and, along with Senator Feingold, I introduced a bill to repeal the CDA so that we would not have to wait for the Supreme Court to fix our mistake.  We did not fix the mistake and so, as I predicted, the Supreme Court eventually did our work for us. All nine Justices agreed that the CDA was, at least in part, unconstitutional. Justice Stevens, writing for seven members of the Court, called the CDA ``patently invalid'' and warned that it cast ``dark shadow over free speech'' and ``threaten[ed] to torch a large segment of the Internet community.''  The Court's decision came as no surprise to me, and it should have come as no surprise to the 84 Senators who supported the legislation. One of the sponsors of the current amendment said in a floor statement last Friday that the Supreme Court should have approved the CDA because the law used the same indecency standard that the Court had previously approved in connection with the dial-a-porn statute. This statement puzzled me because, as I recall, the Court did not approve the indecency standard in the dial-a-porn statute. The Court approved that statute only insofar as it applied to obscene communication, which can be banned totally because it is not protected by the First Amendment. The Court invalidated the dial-a-porn statute as it applied to indecent communication, which does enjoy First Amendment protection. This is precisely the same distinction that the Court drew in the CDA case, where it struck down the restrictions on indecent material, but left the restrictions on obscene material standing. The CDA decision followed the dial-a-porn decision; it did not break new ground in that regard.  Now here we are, again, taking another stab at censoring constitutionally protected speech on the Internet, again, in the name of protecting children. Of course, we all want to protect children from harm. I prosecuted child abusers as State's Attorney in Vermont, and have worked my entire professional life to protect children from those who would prey on them. But we have a duty to ensure that the means we use to protect our children do not do more harm than good. As the Supreme Court made clear when it struck down the CDA, laws that prohibit protected speech do not become constitutional merely because they were enacted for the important purpose of protecting children.  The amendment makes a valiant effort to address many of the Supreme Court's technical objections to the CDA. But while it is more narrowly drawn, it still raises substantial constitutional questions. The core holding of the CDA case was that ``the vast democratic fora of the Internet'' deserves the highest level of protection from government intrusion--the highest level of First Amendment scrutiny. Courts will assess the constitutionality of laws that regulate speech over the Internet by the same demanding standards that have traditionally applied to laws affecting the press.  The current amendment does not meet those standards. For one thing, it calls for a single, national definition of the ``harmful to minors'' standard, which until now has always been defined at the State or local community level. We should not forget the Supreme Court's admonition in Millerversus California that: ``our Nation is simply too big and too diverse . . . to reasonably expect that such standards could be articulated for all 50 States in a single formulation. . . . It is neither realistic nor constitutionally sound to read the First Amendment as requiring that the people of Maine or Mississippi accept public depiction of conduct found tolerable in Las Vegas, or New York City.''  In addition, the way in which the amendment defines ``material that is harmful to minors'' is not altogether consistent with prior law. The sponsor says that the definition was taken ``word for word'' from the Ginsberg case, but the fact is that several important terms were altered or omitted. This could be confusing, and it could well have the unintended consequence of limiting the meaning of state ``harmful to minors'' laws.  The strict liability provisions of the amendment are another matter of concern. The amendment imposes criminal liability and authorizes severe criminal and civil sanctions on anyone who fails to take affirmative steps to restrict access of certain materials by minors. There is no requirement that the person acted knowingly, willfully, or even with criminal intent. The strict liability imposed by the amendment would chill content on the Web. Also, since this amendment only applies to the Web, I am concerned that if it becomes law it would pressure Internet content providers and users to use or develop other protocols with which they would be able to exercise their First Amendment rights unfettered by the threat of strict liability criminal prosecution.  There are other problems with the scope of the amendment. It does not define who would be covered by the crucial phrase ``engaged in the business of the commercial distribution of material.'' Would the amendment cover companies that offer free Web sites, but charge for their off-line services? Also, if we restrict coverage to commercial distributions, are we just encouraging people to post the very same obnoxious materials on the Web for free? Is that what we want?  Further, it is entirely unclear whether the amendment's affirmative defense provision can be used in the civil context, since it states that it is a defense to ``prosecution'' under the amendment. Would companies that restrict access to their Web sites in accordance with FCC procedures nonetheless be exposed to the stiff civil penalties established by the amendment?  We can and must do better. There are other more effective and less restrictive solutions--solutions like filtering technology, which empower individual Internet users without reducing the level of discourse over the Web to what would be suitable for a sandbox. This amendment, like its predecessor, places an unacceptably heavy burden on protected speech. We should not run another ambiguous speech regulation up the flagpole and expect the courts to salute. We owe it to the millions of Americans who use the Web not to make the same mistake a second time.  Finally, I note that the Senate is considering this important measure, including its creation of new federal crimes, as part of an annual appropriations bill. Until recently the Senate had rules and precedent against this kind of legislating on an appropriations bill. Under Republican leadership, that discipline has been lost and we are left to consider significant legislative proposals as amendments to annual appropriations. These matters are far-reaching. They deserve full debate and Senate consideration before good intentions lead the Senate to take another misstep in haste.  