President, that wasn't precisely the way that I recall the intent of the unanimous consent agreement, but let me just say this. The EPA report estimates the cost nationally of controlling mercury from powerplants at $5 billion per year, and this is an industry that generates more than $200 billion a year in revenue. That is less than 2.5 percent. It strikes me as being the equivalent of a fly on an elephant's back. We can do a lot better.  The residents of Colchester, VT have been fighting for 7 years to clean up a waste incinerator in their backyard that they were originally told was clean enough to toast marshmallows in. Well, now we know better and we need to require this and other facilities to eliminate mercury emissions.  One of the largest sources of mercury is coal-fired power plants. With States deregulating their utility industries, Congress today has a unique opportunity to make sure these powerplants begin to internalize the cost of their pollution.  Many of the problems the Clean Air Act of 1970 was drafted to solve are being addressed. But one thing has not worked out the way Congress originally envisioned. It seemed back then that old, dirty, inefficient power plants would eventually be retired and replaced by a new generation of clean and efficient plants. The concept worked with tailpipe controls on cars. Eventually the fleet turns over and the dirty ones are out of circulation.  But, 28 years later, many utilities continue to operate dirty, inefficient plants that were built in the 1950s or before. These plants are subject to much less stringent pollution controls than are new facilities, and what we now have is a big loophole, and these plants are pouring pollution through it.  If we don't level the pollution playing field now, in a deregulated industry the financial incentive will be to pump even more power and pollution out of these plants for as long as they will last. As long as the rules of the game allow this, these utility companies are acting in a manner that suits solely their economic self interest. As a nation, we cannot afford to subsidize their inefficiency, but our inaction does just that.  We will hear a lot of rhetoric about how much implementing this bill will cost. I want to address those complaints up front. The cost argument does not hold water. I say it again, the EPA report estimates the cost nationally of controlling mercury from power plants at $5 billion per year, and this industry generates more than $200 billion a year in revenue. That is less that two and a half percent, and that strikes me as being the equivalent of a fly on an elephant's back.  Mercury pollution is a key piece of unfinished business in cleaning up our environment. The poisoning of America's lakes, rivers, lands, and citizens with mercury pollution can be stopped. It is unnecessary, and continuing to ignore it mortgages the health of our children and grandchildren.  I yield to the Senator from Massachusetts.  