President, I want to add my own support to promoting electronic commerce and keeping it free from new Federal, State or local taxes. I am a cosponsor of the Internet Tax Freedom Act, S. 442.  In ways that are becoming increasingly apparent, the Internet is changing the way we do business. More than 50 million people around the world surf the net--50 million. And more and more of these users turn to the World Wide Web and the Internet to place orders with suppliers or to sell products or services to customers or to communicate with clients.  The Internet market is growing at a tremendous pace. Over the past 2 years, sales generated through the web grew more than 5,000 percent. In fact, in a recent Business Week article, electronic commerce sales are estimated to reach $379 billion by the year 2002, pumping up the Nation's gross domestic sales by $10 to $20 billion every year by 2002.  And I see it in my own State of Vermont. On my home page on the web, I have put together a section called ``Cyber Selling In Vermont.'' It is a step-by-step resource guide for exploring how you can have on-line commerce and other business uses of the Internet. It has links to businesses in Vermont that are already cyberselling.  As of today, this site includes links to web sites of more than 100 Vermont businesses doing business on the Internet. They range from the Quill Bookstore in Manchester Center to Al's Snowmobile Parts Warehouse in Newport.  For the past 3 years, I have held annual workshops on doing business on the Internet in my home State. I have received a tremendous response to these workshops from Vermont businesses of all sizes and customer bases, from Main Street merchants to boutique entrepreneurs.  At my last Doing Business on the Internet Workshop in Vermont, we had these small business owners from all over our State. They told how successful they have been selling on the web. They had such Main Street businesses as a bed and breakfast, or in one case a wool boutique, and a real estate company. One example is Megan Smith of the Vermont Inn in Killington. She attended one of my workshops. Now she is taking reservations over the net, reservations not just from Vermont, but from throughout the country. So cyberselling pays off for Vermonters.  Now Vermont businesses have an opportunity to take advantage of this tremendous growth by selling their goods on line. I have tried to be a missionary for this around our State, because I believe the Internet commerce can help Vermonters ease some of the geographic barriers that historically have limited our access to markets where our products can thrive.  The World Wide Web and Internet businesses can sell their goods all over the world in the blink of an eye, and they can do it any time of the day or night.  As this electronic commerce continues to grow--for even a small State like mine; we can see it all over the country--I hope we in Congress can be leaders in developing tax policy that will nurture this new market. I followed closely the Internet Tax Freedom Act since Senator Wyden introduced it last summer. I want to commend the senior Senator from Oregon for his leadership on cyber tax policy.  More than 30,000 cities and towns in the United States are able to levy discriminatory sales on electronic commerce. Because of that, we need this national bill to provide the stability necessary if this electronic commerce is going to flourish.  We are not asking for a tax-free zone on the Internet. If sales taxes andother taxes would apply to traditional sales and services under State or local law, then those taxes would also apply to Internet sales under our bill. But the bill would outlaw taxes that are applied only to Internet sales in a discriminatory manner.  We do not want somebody to kill these businesses before they even begin because they think it is some way they can pluck the money out of the pockets of those who are using the Internet. We should not allow the future of electronic commerce--electronic commerce that can greatly expand the markets of even our Main Street businesses--we should not allow it to be crushed by the weight of multiple taxation. Without this legislation, they would have faced multiple taxation, and a lot of these Internet businesses now creating jobs, now flourishing, now adding to the commerce of our States would have been wiped out of business.  This legislation creates a temporary national commission to study and recommend appropriate rules for international, Federal, State, and local government taxation of transactions over the Internet. This also will help us very, very much.  The commission would submit its findings and recommendations to Congress within the next 18 months. With the help of this commission, Congress should be able to put a tax framework in place to foster electronic commerce and protect the rights of state and local governments when the three-year moratorium ends.  During my time in the Senate, I always tried to protect the rights of Vermont state and local legislators to craft their laws free from interference from Washington. Thus, the imposition of a broad, open-ended moratorium on state and local taxes relating to the Internet in the original bill gave me pause. I certainly agreed with the goal of no new state and local taxation of online commerce, but the means were questionable.  I believe those questions have been fully answered by the changes made to this legislation during its consideration in the Commerce and Finance Committees.  I want to commend Senators Burns, Kerry, McCain, Moynihan and Roth for working with Senator Wyden, the sponsor of the original bill, to craft a substitute bill that protects the free flow of online commerce while accommodating the rights of state and local governments.  Today there are more than 400,000 businesses selling their sales and services on the World Wide Web around the world. This explosion in web growth has led to thousands of new and exciting opportunities for businesses, from Main Street to Wall Street. The Internet Tax Freedom Act will ensure that these businesses, and many others, continue to reap the rewards of electronic commerce.  Mr. President, I am proud to cosponsor the Internet Tax Freedom Act to foster the growth of online commerce and urge my colleagues to support its swift passage into law.  