 Copyright has been the engine that has traditionally converted the energy of artistic creativity into publicly available art and entertainment. Historically, government's role has been to encourage creativity and innovation by protecting rights that create incentives for such activity through copyright.  On July 1, 1995, the European Union issued a directive to its member countries mandating a copyright term of 20 years longer than the term in the U.S. As a result, the E.U. will not have to guard American works beyond the American term limit, whereas European works will have 20 years more security and revenues in the marketplace.  The songwriter Carlos Santana put it eloquently in his statement submitted to the Senate Judiciary Committee three years ago on this subject, ``As an American songwriter whose works are performed throughout the world, I find it unacceptable that I am accorded inferior copyright protection in the world marketplace.''  His reasons are as relevant today as the day he made that statement. The 1998 Report on Copyright Industries in the U.S. Economy issued by the International Intellectual Property Alliance indicates just how important the U.S. copyright industries are today to American jobs and the economy and, therefore, how important it is for the U.S. to give its copyright industries at least the level of protection that is enjoyed by European Union industries.  The Report indicates that from the years 1977 through 1996, the U.S. copyright industries' share of the gross national product grew more than twice as fast as the remainder of the economy. During those same 20 years, job growth in core copyright industries was nearly three times the employment growth in the economy as a whole. These statistics underscore why it is so important that we finally pass this legislation today.  I cosponsored the original Senate copyright term legislation, the Copyright Term Extension Act of 1995, S. 483. The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on that bill on September 20, 1995. At that hearing, we heard the testimony of Marybeth Peters, Register of Copyrights, and Bruce Lehman, Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Commissioner of the Patent andTrademark Office. We also heard testimony of Jack Valenti, President and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America, Alan Menken, a composer and lyricist, Patrick Alger, President of the Nashville Songwriters Association International, and Peter Jaszi, Professor at American University, Washington, College of Law. That bill was favorably reported to the Senate, and the Committee filed its report, Senate Report No. 104-315, on May 23, 1996.  Alert to the possibility that copyright term extension could impose unintended costs, I, along with Senators Kennedy, Dodd, Brown and Simpson, asked Marybeth Peters, Register of Copyrights, and Daniel Mulhollan, Director of Congressional Research Service, to conduct a study and issue a report to Congress on the financial implications of copyright term extension. The Congressional Research Service issued its report on February 17, 1998, and the Copyright Office issued its report February 23, 1998.  This Congress, I introduced the Copyright Term Extension Act, S. 505, on March 20, 1997, along with Senators Hatch, D'Amato, Thompson, Abraham and Feinstein. Despite the merits of passing copyright term extension legislation, the bill has been held hostage to other matters far too long. In the global world of the next century, competition in the realm of intellectual property will reach a ferocity even more ruthless than it is today. Congress should equip American creators with a full measure of protection for their copyrighted works, else U.S. intellectual property owners are reduced in their reach and their effectiveness. I am therefore pleased that the Senate is finally considering the Copyright Term Extension Act, and I urge its passage.  