President, there are many reasons to support the nomination of Dr. David Satcher for Surgeon General. An experienced physician, Dr. Satcher has distinguished himself as the Chairman of the Morehouse School of Medicine, the President of the Meharry Medical College, and most recently as the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). In recognition of his achievements, Dr. Satcher recently received the Surgeon General's Medallion for significant and noteworthy contributions to the health of the nation.  Heading an agency with eleven major branches and responsibility for promoting health and preventing disease, injury and premature death is no easy task. Since 1993, Dr. Satcher has met the challenge with initiative, poise and professionalism. Under his direction, the CDC has been instrumental in increasing childhood immunization rates, reducing vaccine-preventable childhood diseases, and improving national and international defenses against food-borne illnesses and infectious diseases.  Under Dr. Satcher's leadership, the CDC has done its best to respond to the threat that infectious diseases like tuberculosis, influenza, AIDS and malaria pose to Americans and people everywhere. In 1994, the CDC introduced a strategy to improve early disease detection, surveillance and outbreak containment worldwide. The CDC is also developing and implementing new diagnostic tests and prevention guidelines, and providing training, equipment, and supplies for public health personnel and national and international institutions.  The U.S. has a central role to play in the international fight against infectious diseases. By providing $50 million to strengthen global surveillance and control of infectious diseases in the FY98 Foreign Operations Appropriations Bill, Congress clearly indicated the urgent need for U.S. leadership in this area. As Surgeon General, Dr. Satcher would be able to bring together U.S. agencies such as the CDC, the Agency for International Development, the Department of Defense and the National Institutes of Health in a united effort against emerging, re-emerging and endemic diseases. He would also provide an important link to the World Health Organization and the health ministries of foreign governments.  Mr. President, I am confident that Dr. Satcher would bring the same degree of dedication, commitment, and vision to the position of Surgeon General that he has to the CDC. If Dr. Satcher is confirmed, and I hope he is, I look forward to working with him in the fight against infectious diseases.  