 Last week, I commended the chairman of the Judiciary Committee for scheduling the judicial confirmation hearing, the first of this year, for tomorrow afternoon, and I commend the chairman again. I note that he is following through on his earlier statement by including both Margaret McKeown of Washington State and Susan Oki Mollway of Hawaii at that hearing. They have each been pending for over 18 months, and it will be good to have their confirmation hearing.  I hope we will maintain pace this year that was established during the last 9 weeks of the last session. In order to do that, I hope that in addition to these nominees we can proceed to confirm additional nominees for article III judicial vacancies before the end of the week.  I am delighted the Senate is getting the opportunity to consider the nomination of Judge Carlos Moreno to the United States District Court for the Central District of California. He has been strongly supported by both Senators Feinstein and Boxer. They have both spoken to me about him and strongly support him.  I have spoken often about the District Court of the Central District of California, its workload and the need to confirm qualified nominees for the judicial vacancies that persist and are arising on that Court. I have spoken most often about that Court in connection with the longstanding nomination of Margaret Morrow. It is my expectation that the Senate will fulfill the commitment it made last year and proceed to that nomination by the end of next week.  Judge Moreno received his undergraduate education at Yale College and his law degree from Stanford Law School. He was a deputy city attorney in Los Angeles, as well as a municipal court judge before joining the Los Angeles Superior Court in 1993. Judge Moreno is currently serving the people of California as a Judge of the California Superior Court. He received high remarks from the American Bar Association and was reported by the Judiciary Committee on November 13, 1997, unanimously. I thank both the majority leader and my good friend from Utah for bringing him up this morning.  Along with Judge Moreno currently pending on the Senate calendar are Ms. Morrow, two nominees for long-vacant judgeships in Illinois and a Pennsylvania State court judge. I hope that we have a strong bipartisan vote in his favor.  I also expect that today the Senate will confirm the President's judgment in nominating and reappointing Judge Christine Miller to the Court of Claims. The President's nomination of Judge Miller was received last year before her first term expired, but the Senate failed to act on it before adjournment last fall.  The President used his recess appointment power to reappoint Judge Miller and resubmitted her nomination. Today the Senate will reaffirm the President's action and confirm her to a full term.  The Court of Claims is an important court. It is established by Congress under article I of the Constitution. No less than the Federal judiciary that is appointed to fill vacancies in the article III courts that we speak about so often, the vacancies on the Court of Claims should be filled and filled without delay.  Madam President, I hope that the distinguished Senator from Utah and I will be allowed by our caucuses to move forward on judges as quickly as possible. I know there is support in mine to do that.  Madam President, I see the distinguished Senator from California on the floor and yield to her.  