President, let me begin by thanking Chairman Cochran and his staff for pulling together this appropriations bill under very difficult circumstances. Not only was there a very low allocation, but a number of the requests were based on assumed revenue from new fees. Under these circumstances, Senator Cochran and Senator Bumpers did an admirable job balancing all the agriculture programs.  However, today we are calling attention to an urgent need in our country: the increasing outbreaks of food poisoning across the country. Almost a year ago we witnessed one of the largest beef recalls in U.S. history. Fortunately, what could have been a national health disaster was caught early and stopped. But the underlying problem remained. To address this problem the Administration requested $96 million in new food safety funds for the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration to reduce the hazards associated with bacteria, viruses and parasites in our foodsupply. Although I realize the budget allocation constrains us from funding this full amount, I join Senator Harkin to offer an amendment to fund the most urgently needed proposals of the Food Safety Initiative.  Mr. President, there are many problems that arrive on Congress's doorstep that we can do little about. This is a problem we can--and should--address. And we need to address this problem now. A year after the 25-million pound beef recall we are still seeing headlines about new outbreaks. Each year more than 30 million Americans suffer a foodborne illness, and 9,100 die. The cost to the nation is anywhere from $5.6 billion to more than $22 billion.  This is a national problem, ranging from cheese and egg contamination in the Pacific Northwest to tomatoes in Minnesota to shellfish and strawberries in the South. E. coli outbreaks in recent years have also been traced to contaminated sprouts, lettuce, salami and other products. Two summers in a row, in 1996 and 1997, thousands of illnesses were linked to imported raspberries containing a parasite, Cyclospora, that is not found in this country.  After each one of these scary outbreaks, the American public is left asking the same questions--questions that the programs to be funded by this amendment and the President's Food Safety Initiative will help answer: How do these viruses move so swiftly through our food system, how can they be prevented, and where might they show up next?  The United States enjoys the safest food supply in the world, but we can and should do better. Americans know the risk to our food supply is growing. Recent covers of Newsweek, U.S. News & World Report and newspapers across the country have asked if we can continue to trust our food supply. As a nation, we cannot afford an erosion of the public's trust in the safety of our food.  More than 44 percent of Americans think our food supply is less safe than 10 years ago. FDA-regulated plants are only inspected on average once every 10 years. FDA import inspections have declined dramatically in just the last four years, so that now less than two percent of FDA-regulated imported food is subject to any type of inspection.  Our amendment will increase inspections of imported food. It will fund development of improved inspection practices to detect threats to our food supply earlier and stop massive outbreaks from occurring.  Most of us as adults have had a case of food poisoning. Anyone who has had food poisoning can imagine how much worse it is for a child. Think of what it is like when these outbreaks of e-coli, which can be devastating to adults, but can be critical and even life-threatening to children.  Every one of us has a stake in this, whether we are involved in producing or consuming these food products, or whether or not we are parents who have to worry about what we are feeding our children. Ask people back home: Is there anything that is going to affect you more several times a day than the safety of the food you eat? Nothing else will. This is something we can and must do.  