President, thank you. I thank my colleague from Minnesota.  Mr. President, I rise today in support of the Texas Low-Level Nuclear Waste Compact. This legislation was originally introduced in the 103rd Congress and is long overdue.  Although this legislation is fairly simple on its face, merely approving a Compact already agreed to by each of the party states, many issues have arisen along the way to complicate the approval of the Compact.  We have before us the Conference Report to the Compact that works out these issues. This Conference Report insures that the will of the party states is followed.  When Congress passed the 1980 Low-Level Nuclear Waste Policy Act, we handed over to states the responsibility of low-level waste disposal and encouraged them to enter into compacts to provide disposal on a collective basis.  Nine of these compacts have already been approved by Congress. In this case, the states of Vermont, Maine and Texas negotiated the terms of their Compact, all three states approved the Compact and all three governors have urged Congress to ratify it.  Approval of this Compact will give these states final resolution of the problem they increasingly face in disposing of their nuclear waste.  In Vermont, we began this process almost ten years ago. Following the direction of Congress, Vermont began looking for an in-state depository location. In 1990, former Governor Kunin created the Vermont Low-Level Radioactive Waste Authority to determine if there was a suitable site for a low-level radioactive waste disposal facility in Vermont.  Over the next two years the Authority spent approximately $5 million evaluating numerous sites in our state. In particular, the Authority examined the potential for a site next to Vermont Yankee in Vernon, Vermont. The site was found to have extremely unfavorable geological conditions for a storage facility.  The combination of porous soil, a high groundwater table, a wet climate and proximity to the Connecticut River made such a site too risky.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a letter from the Public Service Board of the State of Vermont outlining the process we went through to find a site within our borders.  