President, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which the Senate Judiciary Committee is reporting today, is important for our economy, for our creative industries and for the future of the Internet. This legislation is based on the WIPO implementing legislation, S. 1121, recommended by the Administration and introduced last year by the Chairman, Senators Thompson and Kohl and me.  Following intensive discussions with a number of interested parties, including libraries, universities, small businesses, online and Internet service providers, telephone companies, computer users, broadcasters, content providers and device manufacturers, the Committee was able to reach unanimous agreement on certain modifications and additions incorporated into the bill and making this bill a product of which we can all be proud.  Significant provisions were added to the bill in Title II to clarify the liability for copyright infringement of online and Internet service providers. These provisions set forth ``safe harbors'' from liability for ISPs and OSPs under clearly defined circumstances, which both encourage responsible behavior and protect important intellectual property rights. In addition, during the Committee's consideration of this bill, an Ashcroft-Leahy-Hatch amendment was adopted to ensure that computer users are given reasonable notice of when their Web sites are the subject of infringement complaints, and to provide procedures for computer users to have material mistakenly taken down put back.  This bill contains a number of provisions designed to help libraries and archives. First, libraries expressed concerns about the possibility of criminal sanctions or potentially ruinous monetary liability for actions taken in good faith. This bill makes sure that libraries acting in good faith can never be subject to fines or civil damages. Specifically, a library is exempt from monetary liability in a civil suit if it was not aware and had no reason to believe that its acts constituted a violation. In addition, libraries are completely exempt from the criminal provisions.  Second, the bill contains a browsing exception for libraries. Libraries have indicated that in an online environment dominated by encrypted works it may be impossible for them to gain access to works to decide whether or not to acquire them. The current version of the bill permits libraries to circumvent access prevention technologies in order to make a good faith determination of whether or not it would like to buy a copy of a work. If the library decides that it wishes to acquire the work it must negotiate with the copyright owner just as libraries do today.  Third, the Chairman, Senator Ashcroft and I crafted an amendment to provide for the preservation of digital works by qualified libraries and archives. The ability of Libraries to preserve legible copies of works in digital form is one I consider critical. Under present law, libraries are permitted to make a single facsimile copy of works in their collections for preservation purposes, or to replace lost, damaged or stolen copies of works that have become commercially unavailable. This law, however, has become outmoded by changing technology and preservation practices. The bill ensures that libraries' collections will continue to be available to future generations by permitting libraries to make up to three copies in any format--including in digital form. This was one of the proposals in the National Information Infrastructure Copyright Protection Act of 1995, which I sponsored in the last Congress. The Register of Copyrights, among others, has supported that proposal.  In addition, the bill would permit a library to transfer a work from one digital format to another if the equipment needed to read the earlier format becomes unavailable commercially. This change addresses a problem that should be familiar to anyone whose office has boxes of eight-inch floppy disks tucked away somewhere.  These provisions go a long way toward meeting the concerns that libraries have expressed about the original bill, S. 1121, introduced to implement the WIPO treaties.  Another issue that the bill addresses is distance learning. When Congress enacted the present copyright law it recognized the potential of broadcast and cable technology to supplement classroom teaching, and to bring the classroom to those who, because of their disabilities or other special circumstances, are unable to attend classes. At the same time, Congress also recognized the potential for unauthorized transmissions of works to harm the markets for educational uses of copyrighted materials. In the present Copyright Act, we struck a careful balance and crafted a narrow exemption. But as with so many areas of copyright law, the advent of digital technology requires us to take another look at the issue.  I recognize that the issue of distance learning has been under consideration for the past several years by the Conference on Fair Use (CONFU) that was established by the Administration to consider issues relating to fair use in the digital environment. In spite of the hard work of the participants, CONFU has so far been unable to forge a comprehensive agreement on guidelines for the application of fair use to digital distance learning. The issue is an important one, and I commend Senator Ashcroft for his attention to this matter.  We made tremendous strides in charting the appropriate course for updating the Copyright Act to permit the use of copyrighted works in valid distance learning activities. The Chairman, Senator Ashcroft and I joined together to ask the Copyright Office to facilitate discussions among interested library and educational groups and content providers with a view toward making recommendations that could be incorporated into the DMCA at the April 30 mark up. The Copyright Office did just that, once again providing a valuable service to this Committee.  Based on the Copyright Office's recommendations, we incorporated into the DMCA a new Section 122 requiring the Copyright Office to make broader recommendations to Congress on digital distance education within six months. Upon receiving the Copyright Office's recommendations, it is my hope that the Senate Judiciary Committee will promptly commence hearings on the issue and move expeditiously to enact further legislation on the matter. I know that my fellow members on this Committee are as anxious as I am to complete the process that we started in Committee of updating the Copyright Act to permit the appropriate use of copyrighted works in valid distance learning activities. This step should be viewed as a beginning--not an end, and we are committed to reaching that end point as quickly as possible.  Senator Feinstein had sought to clarify when a university would be held responsible for the actions of its employees in connection with its eligibility for the safe harbors spelled out in title II of the bill. Chairman Hatch, Senator Ashcroft and I agreed with Senator Feinstein that the best way to address this issue is to have the Copyright Office examine this issue in a comprehensive fashion, because of its importance, complexity, and implications for other online service providers, including libraries and archives.  Amendments sponsored by Senators Ashcroft, Hatch and I were also crafted to address the issues of reverse engineering, ephemeral recordings and to clarify for broadcasters the use of copyright management information in the course of certain analog and digital transmissions.  Legislative language was incorporated into the bill to clarify that the law enforcement exemptions apply to all government agencies which conduct law enforcement and intelligence work, as well as to government contractors engaging in intelligence, investigative, or protective work.  Chairman Hatch, Senator Ashcroft and I agreed to language to assuage the concerns of the consumer electronicsmanufacturers, and others, that the bill might require them to design their products to respond to any particular technological protection measure. We also agreed to incorporate provisions into the bill clarifying that nothing in the bill will prevent parents from controlling their children's access to the Internet or individuals from protecting personal identifying information.  By reaching agreement on this bill, this Committee is helping to create American jobs, protect American ingenuity, and foster an ever more vibrant Internet. In short, the WIPO treaties and this implementing legislation are important to America's economic future. The bill addresses the problems caused when copyrighted works are disseminated through the Internet and other electronic transmissions without the authority of the copyright owner. By establishing clear rules of the road, this bill will allow electronic commerce to flourish in a way that does not undermine America's copyright community.  In a recent letter about the DMCA, Secretary Daley said, ``The United States must lead the way in setting a standard that will protect our creative industries and serve as a model for the rest of the world. And we need to act as quickly as possible.''  This bill is a well-balanced package of proposals that address the needs of creators, consumers and commerce well into the next century. I urge all of my colleagues to support the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and work for its prompt passage.  