 Mr. President, just a few weeks after we pushed the U.N. Security Council to support strong resolutions against Iraq, we are on the amendment by the distinguished senior Senator from North Carolina proposing ways to further undercut the effectiveness of the United Nations and our leadership in the United Nations. In regular U.N. peacekeeping operations, blue helmet operations, we sought reimbursement for our in-kind contributions, and we are reimbursed today. But there are many other U.N. operations that have the blessings of the Security Council but are not actually U.N. peacekeeping operations, including U.N. troops that were included because it was important to the United States interests.  I will give you an example. Operation Provide Comfort in northern Iraq is an example. The United Nations has given its blessing because we, the United States, asked the United Nations to support it. But it is, above all else, as we all know, a U.S. operation.  There are other examples where we pushed for a U.N. Security Council resolution in support of our position to give a broader degree of support. But if the United Nations were to adopt all of these operations as its own, I expect that the Senator from North Carolina would probably be the first to object. I doubt he would want our troops to be wearing blue helmets in those operations.  As Senator Biden has said, maybe we should seek to change  the U.N. charterso all activities blessed by the Security Council require reimbursement. But do we really want to have to pay for everything the Security Council decides? I doubt it. Other nations undertake operations after receiving the blessings of a U.N. Security Council resolution. We may support that. But we don't want to participate in it and we don't want to pay for it.  It is easy to take a shot at the United Nations. It is a little bit more difficult to make it work. I remind Senators that just last year many in the leadership of the House and the Senate, the majority leadership in the House and the Senate, promised, along with the President of the United States, that we would pay our arrearage in dues to the United Nations. But then in what was probably the most irresponsible foreign policy action I have seen in 23 years here, the most irresponsible actions on the very day that the United States was before the U.N. Security Council begging the U.N. Security Council to back us in Iraq, the leadership in the House of Representatives broke their commitment and killed the appropriations for the payment of dues to the United Nations.  If we want to get out of the United Nations, then let us vote to do that. If we want to say we will never spend another cent in the United Nations, let us vote to do that. But to first give our word that we will pay what we contractually owe and then on the day when we desperately are pushing the United Nations to back us in Iraq, to say we break our word, we can't do that.  I see the Senator from Minnesota is ready.  I yield the floor.  