President, the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court has spoken out forcefully on the judicial vacancy crisis that is plaguing our Federal courts. He is correct that: ``Vacancies cannot remain at such high levels indefinitely without eroding the quality of justice that traditionally has been associated with the Federal judiciary.''  Partisan and narrow ideological efforts to impose political litmus tests on judicial nominees and shut down the judiciary have to stop. They hold no place, whether you have a Democrat as President or a Republican as President. The judiciary should not be part of a partisan or ideological power struggle. And I think that all of us as Senators in the most powerful democracy history has ever known have a stake in keeping an independent judiciary.  Now, we begin 1998 still facing vacancies of about one out of every 10 judgeships. More than a third of these are what are called judicial emergencies. They have been empty for more than a year and a half. Unfortunately, during the last 3 years in the Senate, under the control of my friends across the aisle, the Senate has barely matched the 1-year total of judges confirmed in 1994 when we were on course to end the vacancy gap.  In the 1996 session, the Senate confirmed only 17 judges, none for the Federal courts of appeals. We began last year with the Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court expressing in the year-end 1996 report on the Federal judiciary his ``hope'' that the Senate would ``recognize that filling judicial vacancies is crucial to the fair and effective administration of justice.''  Through the course of last year, at virtually each meeting of the Judiciary Committee, certainly at each confirmation hearing, and in a number of statements on the Senate floor, I urged the Senate and the Republican leadership and those responsible for holding up much-needed judges to abandon what I saw as ill-advised efforts.  In July, seven national lawyer organizations spoke out. In August, the Attorney General spoke about the ``vacancy crisis that has left so many Americans waiting for justice,'' and ``the unprecedented slowdown of the confirmation process'' and its ``very real and very detrimental impacts on all parts of our justice system.''  Last September, the President of the United States pointed out the dangers of partisan politics infecting the confirmation process. He called upon the Senate to fulfill its constitutional duty and end ``the intimidation, the delay, the shrill voices.''  In his 1997 year-end report, Chief Justice Rehnquist focused again on the problems of ``too few judges and too much work.'' He noted the vacancy crisis and the persistence of 26 judiciary emergency vacancies, and he observed: ``Some current nominees have been waiting a considerable time for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote. The Senate confirmed only 17 judges in 1996 and 36 in 1997, well under the 101 judges it confirmed in 1994.''  Last night in his State of the Union Address the President of the United States again returned to the matter of the vacancy crisis and the need to provide the courts with the judges and other resources they need effectively to administer Federal criminal and civil justice across the country. The President did more than talk yesterday. He also sent us another dozen judicial nominees to help fill the vacancies. That brings to 54 the number of judicial nominees that are pending currently before the Senate.  The Senate still has pending before it 11 nominees who were first nominated 2 years ago, including five who have been pending since 1995. We are finally going to vote on one of them this afternoon, Judge Ann L. Aiken.  I see my good friend, the Senator from Oregon, Mr. Wyden, in the Chamber. I must say, Mr. President, as much as I like Senator Wyden, it got to the point that I almost hated to see himcoming down the hall because he pounded so often on me: ``Let's get this fine woman confirmed.'' He has been doing this year after year. He has expressed to me and to other Senators and to the leadership of the Judiciary Committee: ``Let's get this woman confirmed.'' And he has expressed to me how well qualified she is, how superbly qualified she is. He has made his case with passion and with integrity, which is his nature. I say to him, while I am always hesitant to predict any vote, I suspect that she is going to be confirmed overwhelmingly today, and I applaud the Senator for not giving up, I applaud the Senator from Oregon for not giving up all those years that he fought so hard to get her here. I know that both he and the other Senator from Oregon, who is also in the Chamber, Mr. Smith, will be voting for her with great enthusiasm.  But there remains no excuse for the Senate's delay in considering the nominations of such outstanding individuals as Prof. William A. Fletcher, Judge James A. Beaty, Jr., Judge Richard A. Paez, M. Margaret McKeown, Susan Oki Mollway, Margaret M. Morrow, Clarence J. Sundram, Anabelle Rodriguez, Michael D. Schattman, and Hilda G. Tagle.  I mention these people because all of these nominees have been waiting at least 18 months, some more than 2 years, for Senate action.  Last year the Senate confirmed 36 judges, but that has to be seen in relation to the 120 vacancies through the course of the year and the 55 judgeships in addition to the current vacancies that the Judicial Conference urged Congress to authorize in order to meet the workload demand of all of the new laws that we have passed and, of course, a growing country.  Last year's confirmations did not approach the 58 judges confirmed in the 1995 session or even keep up with the vacancies that came from normal attrition.  Last year the President sent us 79 judicial nominations. The Senate completed action on fewer than half of them. The percentage of judicial nominees confirmed over the course of last year was lower than for any Congress over the last three decades, possibly any time in our history. Left pending were 42 judicial nominees, including 21 to fill judicial emergencies.  Last year the Senate never reduced its backlog of pending judicial nominees below 20 and at the end of the year had a backlog of over 40 nominees. With the dozen additional nominees received yesterday, the Senate's backlog of nominees as we begin the year has topped 50. The Administration is demonstrating its resolve to nominate good people to fill these vacancies. They are doing their job.  It is up to the Senate now to do its job. Have the hearings. Vote them up or vote them down. Just don't leave them in limbo. If we don't like the nominee that the President has sent up, then vote him or her down. We are used to voting around here. We can do that very easily. But don't leave them sitting there never knowing what is going to happen.  In connection with the President's national radio address last September 27, we finally quickened the pace of judicial confirmations, and during the last 9 weeks of the Senate's last session the Senate held five confirmation hearings and confirmed 27 judges. I compliment the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee for making that possible.  In response to the criticism of the Chief Justice, though, the chairman has argued that the Senate is on a steady course and making steady progress. But it was only in the last 9 weeks of the last session that we were able to achieve a pace that can make a difference. I urge my good friend, the chairman--and he is my good friend--to help the Senate maintain that pace this year.  If we can maintain the same pace we had in the last 9 weeks of the last session, we can end the judicial vacancy crisis that now threatens the administration of justice by our Federal courts. I will commit myself to work with him in any way he wants to do that--have hearings on weekends, hearings in the evening, whatever he chooses--so that we can go forward and maintain the same pace. I compliment the chairman for the pace of those last few weeks. I urge him to do the same for this year. That is the challenge that lies before us as Congress begins anew.  The Chief Justice compared the past 2 years of Senate inaction to the record of the 1994 session. That was a Democrat-controlled Senate. We worked hard to consider and confirm 101 judges, including a Supreme Court Justice. To make a difference, however, the Senate this year, 1998, need only maintain the pace it reached last fall, 27 judges every 9 weeks. That really should be the measure of the Senate's effort this year. Do what we did at the end of the session last year, do it throughout this year, and we in the Senate can make a difference for the judicial system.  It will be easy to monitor our progress. Any week in which the Senate does not confirm three judges is a week in which the Senate is failing to address the vacancy crisis. Any fortnight in which we have gone without a judicial confirmation hearing marks 2 weeks in which we are falling farther behind.  I am delighted that the majority leader and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee have scheduled three nominees for consideration by the Senate today. I thank the majority leader and thank the Senator from Utah for their cooperation and attention to these matters. I look forward to prompt Senate consideration of the other five nominees if they are still pending on the Senate calendar. I would also be willing to bet that most of these nominees would not get even a tiny handful of votes against them and that they are going to pass overwhelmingly.  I note that the chairman of the Judiciary Committee has noticed a judiciary hearing for next week. This notice, and what is happening today, are positive developments. They are signs that the Senate is taking to heart its constitutional duty to consider judicial nominees without further delay. While I hope it does not hurt him on his side of the aisle, I want to commend the Senator from Utah for his actions. I suspect if the two of us were allowed, without any of the political pressures on either side, to work this out, we could probably move ahead more quickly.  But the warning from the Chief Justice in his year-end report is more than a question of numbers. This is the responsibility every Senator has, Republican or Democrat. Our responsibility first and foremost is to the country, not to individual parties. Our solemn oath is to uphold the Constitution of the United States. That is what should motivate every one of us here. We have to look at this country, the greatest exercise of democracy history has ever seen, the most powerful democracy history has ever known, and recognize that it stays that way because of the checks and balances between the legislative, judiciary and executive branches. A hallmark of that has been the independence, throughout our 200-plus year history, of the Federal judiciary. If we allow this to become a partisan football, this confirmation of judges, then the independence and the integrity of the Federal judiciary is being threatened.  The nominations backlog that perpetuates a judicial vacancies crisis is a function of the targeting of the judicial branch. It was the executive branch that was targeted and shut down 2 years ago. Pressure groups--and it is a fact--within the right wing of the Republican Party have been formed and money has been raised to the cry of ``killing'' Clinton judicial nominations. That would be just as wrong if the same thing was being done by ideological groups seeking to kill a Republican President's nominations. Constitutional amendments to undercut the independence of the judiciary have been introduced. Ideological impeachments have been threatened. The Republican leadership in the House speaks openly about seeking to ``intimidate'' Federal judges.  The confirmation process is not immune from politics, but a particularly virulent strain has now infected this body and has politicized the process to the point of paralysis, and this threatens the integrity and the independence of the judiciary. It encumbers the judicial confirmation process. In too many courts, judges delayed means justice denied. Without judges, courts cannot try cases, they cannot sentence the guilty or cannot resolve civil disputes.  For more than 200 years a strong and independent Federal judiciary has served as a bulwark against overreaching by the political branches of the Government. It has been the protector of our constitutional rights and liberties. True conservatives should want nothing more than a truly independent judiciary, because it is the bulwark of our individual freedoms.  I hope this new year will bring the realization by those who have started down this destructive path of attacking the judiciary and stalling the confirmation of qualified nominees to the Federal bench that those efforts do not serve the national interest. I hope we can remove these important matters from partisan, ideological politics. I hope today will move us forward in the interests of the fair administration of justice.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). The Senator from Oregon.  