As he knows, I have opposition to this bill coming forward. I am not in favor of the bill. It will pass, I understand, but I am not in favor of it. I know of no problem created by the appointment of judges who are from the same family. Indeed, the three historical example of which I am aware lead me to the opposite conclusion. Justice David Brewer served with his uncle Justice Stephen Field on the United States Supreme Court after being appointed by President Harrison in 1890. Learned and his cousin Augustus Hand served together in the Southern District of New York and on the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Richard and Morris Arnold are brothers currently serving on the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. All served with distinction.  I do not know why the country should be deprived of the judgment and wisdom of someone because a relative proceeded him or her to the bench. We have had relatives serve simultaneously in government before and now. Should one of the Levin brothers or Hutchinson brothers not serve in Congress? Should one of the Breyer brothers be barred from the federal bench? For that matter, should federal judges be prohibited who are related to Senators who recommend them to the President and then voted for their confirmation?  I believe that S. 1892 is an unnecessary and unwise bill. Moreover, it could lead to appointment barriers against daughters and nieces of current judges. With people living longer and women as well as men having been practicing law and entered public service in the last decades, I fear that the prohibition envisioned by the bill will serve as yet another barrier to keep qualified women from being appointed to the bench. This may be an unintentional consequence of the bill, but a likely consequence nonetheless.  Senator Kyl's bill is intended to do what section 458 of title 28, United States Code, does not; namely, prohibit the appointment to a federal court of a relative of a judge already serving on that court. The bill would amend the law to add a prohibition against the appointment of a person to a federal court on which a first cousin or closer relative of that nominee was an active or senior judge.  In 1914 President Woodrow Wilson appointed Augustus Hand to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York where he joined his distinguished first cousin and close friend Judge Learned Hand. In 1927, President Calvin Coolidge elevated Judge Augustus Hand to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, where he rejoined his cousin Judge Learned Hand, who had been elevated three years before. Had the Kyl bill been in force, neither of these appointments would have been in accordance with law.  The service of the Hand cousins on the Second Circuit was central to the development of the law in our Circuitand to its reputation as the finest federal appellate court in the country.  More recently, just six years ago in 1992, President George Bush appointed Judge Morris Arnold to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, where he joined his brother Judge Richard Arnold on that court. In our confirmation proceedings, a number of Senators commented favorably on the fact that Judge Arnold was joining his distinguished brother.  When it was a brother being nominated by a Republican President, the familial relationship was seen as a plus, a benefit for the public. Now that we have a Democratic President nominating a son to join a bench that has included his mother, a new danger of possible appearance of conflict of interest is being conjured up as an excuse to delay and oppose confirmation of a distinguished scholar and decent person.  I worry that we are raising something that we don't need to raise. I realize this affects Professor Fletcher's appointment. But I think we may have legislated beyond where we need to legislate.  There are problems with the appointment of judges to the federal judiciary, but nepotism in the appointment of judges does not appear to be one of them. After all, it is the President who nominates and the Senate that consents. If we really wanted to do something about the evils of nepotism, we would prohibit Presidents from nominating their relatives or the Senate from confirming theirs. Other judges, relatives or not, do not have a role in the appointment process.  The bigger problem with respect to the judiciary is the assault on the judiciary by the Republican majority and its unwillingness to work to fill longstanding vacancies with the qualified people being nominated by the President. Professor Fletcher's nomination has been a casualty of the Republican majority's efforts. Forty-one months and two confirmation hearings have not been enough time and examination to bring the Fletcher nomination to a vote.  Professor Fletcher is a fine person and an outstanding nominee has had to endure years of delay and demagoguery as some choose to play politics with our independent judiciary. The Ninth Circuit continues to function with multiple vacancies among its authorized judgeships, although we have five nominees to the Ninth Circuit pending before the Senate for periods ranging from four to 41 months. Two await hearings, one awaits a Committee vote, and two have been on the Senate calendar awaiting final action for many months.  This is too reminiscent of the government shutdown only a couple of years ago and the numerous times of late when the Republican congressional leadership has recessed without completing work on emergency supplemental and disaster relief legislation, on the federal budget, campaign finance reform, comprehensive tobacco legislation, the patient bill of rights and HMO reform.  In his most recent Report on the Judiciary the Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court warned that vacancies would harm the administration of justice. The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court pointedly declared: ``Vacancies cannot remain at such high levels indefinitely without eroding the quality of justice that traditionally has been associated with the federal judiciary.''  Once this bill is acted upon by the Senate, the Senate will finally be allowed to turn its attention to the longstanding nomination of Professor Fletcher. I have said from the outset of Senator Kyl's effort that I would not hold up consideration of his bill but that I wanted an opportunity to note my opposition to it and to vote against it. Indeed, it was Senator Kyl who held his bill over for a week before it was considered before the Judiciary Committee.  Despite the Committee reporting of the bill on May 21, 1998, the majority did not propose consideration of S. 1892 until Monday of this week, October 5, 1998. I responded without delay that I was prepared, as I had been all along, to enter into a short time agreement to be followed by a vote on the bill. Consistent with that undertaking I have noted my opposition and am prepared to vote.  Madam President, I am willing to yield the remainder of the time and go to a vote.  