President, I am a member of the Sanctions Taskforce established by the Majority and Minority Leaders, and I support this bill. I want to give the President additional flexibility in his efforts to persuade the Indian and Pakistani Governments to walk back from the nuclear precipice. I think this bill represents an appropriate compromise.  But I also want to emphasize that I am doing so because the President's waiver authority expires on March 1, 1999. I do not favor an open-ended waiver, nor do I want my support for this bill to be interpreted as a signal that the President should immediately use the authority to waive sanctions. I hope he will think long and hard before he does, and do so only if he is convinced that it could bring about a significant change in behavior of these countries.  The United States finds itself in a difficult position. We are, after all, the only country that has ever used nuclear weapons against another country. We have also conducted thousands of nuclear tests, and we have an enormous nuclear arsenal. From the perspective of the Indians and the Pakistanis, our expressions of outrage at their recent nuclear tests may seem hypocritical.  I for one believe the United States could do a great deal more to set an example on nuclear disarmament. We do not need to wait for the Russians before we take further steps of our own. Our overwhelming military power makes it possible for us, indeed I would say we have a responsibility, to do so. We can reduce our arsenal further without risking our own security or the security of our allies.  But having said that, I also believe that the actions of the Indian and Pakistani Governments were at complete variance with the trend of history. Their acts were reckless and unnecessary. They contributed nothing to their defense, and they have only increased tensions and insecurity in South Asia. They have invited similar recklessness by other countries.  It is therefore imperative that the President use whatever diplomatic means he has to encourage the Indians and Pakistanis to join the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, to enter into serious negotiations on a solution to the Kashmir problem, and to take whatever steps are necessary to ensure that they are not drawn into a nuclear arms race. In that regard, they need only look to the experience of the United States and the former Soviet Union to understand why it is in their interests to not start down that road.  I want the President's diplomacy to succeed, and I support giving him the tools he needs. But I also support the sunset provision in this bill because it gives these countries ample time to demonstrate whether or not they intend to respond to these concerns. If they do not, then sanctions should be reimposed. Any country that detonates a nuclear device should expect to suffer the consequences. On the other hand, if they do respond positively then I have no doubt that the Congress will reciprocate.  Mr. President, the avoidance of nuclear war is our country's first priority. Ever since the end of World War II we have done our utmost to avoid the use of nuclear weapons, by ourselves or by others. We have made headway with Russia on nuclear disarmament, but that process has stalled. I fully support the President's decision to go to Moscow to try to revive that process. The administration has also made progress in building international support for the Test Ban Treaty. The Indian and Pakistani tests have set that process back. This bill seeks to revive it. If we fail, we can anticipate a future with nuclear weapons bristling on every continent. That is not a legacy we want to leave.  I commend Senators McConnell and Biden for their very effective leadership of the Taskforce that produced this legislation.  