President, we can probably sit here on the floor andthink of some horror stories where a town made a mistake in holding something up. We could point somewhere to some local court where another mistake might have been made, or to a few prosecutors out of the thousands of our local prosecutors where one bad judgment call was made.  But we don't have the arrogance in this body to say we will take over all our local courts, all our local communities, all our local prosecutors, and turn them over to the Feds because mistakes won't be made. Because I can tell you right now that for every mistake made at the local level I could point to a bigger one made at the Federal level. I think that is why the Judicial Conference says don't quickly toss these matters into the Federal courts. The Federal courts can't keep up with the cases that are there today, especially when the Senate won't vote to confirm judges for the vacancies already existing.  Let's not do this. And let us say that the U.S. Senate, of all places, will protect the current state process and rights of local communities and local counties and States to make their own decisions.  Why do we want to say to our small towns that they can not decide to protect a particular area? Why do we say they should not be able to stop a building from being built next to a particular scenic spot? If they are willing to forego tax revenue by doing that, and they are willing to pay the price themselves--why do we want to say that some big developer from out of State could come in with a platoon of lawyers and endless pockets and say, ``Oh, the heck with you. We know better. We can make a quick buck on that, and we will take you to Federal court if you do not let us do it"?  Before the Congress bulldozes local and state jurisdiction, we need to ask ourselves what urgent problem is being solved by this bill that could not be solved some other way? What is so urgent that we have to step in right now and wipe out the local land use process of our towns, our cities, our counties or our States? What is such a pressing need besides the current concerns of a couple of well-financed PACs? What is the urgent concern in this country that we have to suddenly rewrite the rule books and say from the Federal Government, ``you people at the local government level don't know what you are doing, and we are going to step in and take it over"?  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  