President, I have long been an advocate for legislation that ensures that existing laws keep pace with developing technology. It is for this reason that I have sponsored and supported over the past few years a host of bills to bring us into the 21st Century. These bills have included the National Information Infrastructure (NII) Protection Act of 1995; the Criminal Copyright Improvement Act of 1997; the WIPO Copyright and Performances and Phonograms Treaty Implementation Act of 1997; the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998; and legislation that passed the Senate on June 26, 1998, to authorize the comprehensive independent study of the effects on trademark and intellectual property rights holders of adding new generic top-level domains and related dispute resolution procedures.  This same impetus underlies my support of legislation to ensure our nation's gambling laws keep pace with developing technology, particularly the Internet. The Department of Justice has noted that ``the Internet may have diminished the effectiveness of current gambling statutes, in part because existing laws may relate only to sports betting and not the type of interactive gambling (e.g., poker) that the Internet makes possible.'' Vermonters have spoken very clearly that they do not want certain types of gambling permitted in the state, and they do not want current laws to be rendered obsolete by the Internet. I believe, therefore, that there is considerable value in updating our Federal gambling statutes, and I have been pleased to work with Senator Kyl on his legislation intended to accomplish that goal, the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act of 1998.  The legislation has been improved since it eas reported out of committee.  The Senate Judiciary Committee reported out the bill on October 23, 1997. Although I voted in favor of the legislation at that time, I noted that I had several concerns about the bill and that I wished to work with Senator Kyl and others to address these concerns.  The bill as originally drafted might have inadvertently outlawed the tri-state lottery that is run by the states of Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine. Although Vermonters have clearly indicated that they do not want many other forms of gambling, they do want to maintain this tri-state lottery, which has been in operation since 1985.  The legislation now under consideration states that the prohibitions against Internet gambling in the bill shall not apply to any otherwise lawful bet or wager that is placed, received, or otherwise made for a multi-state lottery operated jointly between two or more States in conjunction with State lotteries, if the lottery or activity is expressly authorized and licensed or regulated under Federal or applicable State law.  I would like to thank the office of Vermont's Attorney General for working with Senator Kyl and me to craft this language to ensure that Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine's tri-state lottery remains a permissible activity under this bill.  As originally introduced, the bill contained Sense of the Senate language that the Federal Government should have extraterritorial jurisdiction over the transmission to or receipt from the United States of bets or wagers, information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers, and any communication that entitles the transmitter or recipient to the opportunity to receive money or credit as a result of bets or wagers.  That provision was changed, and when the bill was reported out of the Judiciary Committee, the Sense of the Senate provision was replaced with a requirement that not later than six months after the date of enactment, certain Administration officials would be required to commence negotiations with foreign countries in order to conclude international agreements that would enable the United States to enforce the bill.  I was concerned about the constitutionality of this new requirement mandating that the Executive Branch undertake international negotiations, particularly in light of the decision of the 1993 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in Earth Island Institute versus Christopher. The court in this case held unconstitutional a portion of a statute which directed the Secretary of State to initiate international negotiations regarding the protection and conservation of a certain species of sea turtles.  Specifically, the court held this type of directive to intrude upon the conduct of foreign relations by the Executive Branch on the grounds that the ``Constitution commits the power to make treaties to the President.''  The Department of Justice also recommended the deletion of this section. As Anthony Sutin, Acting Assistant Attorney General, stated in his May 28, 1998, letter to me on this legislation:       If we request that foreign countries investigate, on our      behalf, conduct that is legal in the foreign state, we must      be prepared to receive and act upon foreign requests for      assistance when the conduct complained of is legal, or even      constitutionally protected, in the United States.       For example, if we ask a foreign country to investigate an      activity (e.g., gambling) that is legal in the foreign state,      that country may, for example, ask us to investigate      constitutionally protected speech originating on computers      based in the United States (e.g., that arguably violates that      nation's ``hate speech'' laws). Considering all of the      challenges facing law enforcement in the information age, we      believe that current efforts should focus on conduct which      either is, or should be, universally condemned.  Senator Kyl agreed to my request that this section of the bill be deleted, and I believe that the legislation is considerably improved for that reason.  Another constitutional concern was raised by earlier versions of the bill that stated that ``information assisting in the placing of a bet or wager''--``(A) means information that is intended by the sender or recipient to be used by a person engaged in the business of betting or wagering to accept or place a bet or wager; (B) includes any information that invites the information described in subparagraph (A) to be transmitted;'' and then included some exceptions.  I was concerned, as was the Department of Justice, that this language was vague and might raise constitutional concerns as it might be construed to apply to persons who do not have the intent to participate in or assist illegal gambling transactions. Similarly, these earlier versions of the legislation could have been interpreted to prohibit Internet advertising of activities that are entirely legal. This appeared to be an unintentional result of the earlier versions, but one that raised serious constitutional issues.  The Department of Justice suggested deleting subsection (B) altogether, and inserting the phrase ``in violation of state or Federal law'' at the end of subsection (A). The addition of this latter phrase would ensure that transmission of information assisting in the placing of legal bets or wagers would not be criminalized by this legislation. Senator Kyl agreed to delete subsection (B), but he did not add the phrase ``in violation of state or Federal law'' at the end of subsection (A). I hope this later suggestion by the Department of Justice is accepted as the legislation moves through the legislative process.  In the bill as originally introduced, an individual bettor who was found guilty of Internet gambling would have been subject to a penalty of $5,000, one year of prison or both. I thought that penalty was extreme. If someone places a $1 bingo bet over the Internet, that might not be activity we want to encourage, but I also do not think we need to lock that individual up in prison and charge him or her 5,000 times that amount in penalties. I expressed my view to Senator Kyl, and as a result he softened the penalty for individual bettors.  As the bill currently reads, the individual bettor would be subject to (A) fines not more than the greater of (i) three times the greater of the total amount that the individual is found to have wagered or received or (ii) $500; (B) 3 months prison; or (C) both. I hope that prosecutors and judges will use proper discretion when determining, even under this more reasonable regime, whether to expend federal resources prosecuting and imprisoning individuals who place de minimis bets.  The bill as introduced criminalized the activities of those persons engaged in the ``business of betting or wagering,'' but the bill did not define what constituted a ``business of betting or wagering.'' I believe that it is important that if Congress is going to make certain activities illegal, and subject the executor of that activity to hefty monetary fines and imprisonment, we need to be very clear about what activity, exactly, we are making illegal.  The version of the bill that is now under consideration makes it unlawful for a person engaged in a gambling business for betting or wagering to use the Internet or any other interactive computer service. The bill defines the term ``gambling business'' as a gambling business that involves one or more persons who conducts, finances, manages, supervises, directs or owns all or part of such business and has been or remains in substantially continuous operation for a period in excess of 10 days or has a gross revenue of $2,000 or more during any 24-hour period.  Although I preferred to use the definition of an ``illegal gambling business'' found in 18 U.S.C. 1955, I believethe bill as it currently reads is an improvement from the original version, and I appreciate Senator Kyl's willingness to work with me on this issue.  In addition, language was inserted into the bill which dictates special rules that would apply in any proceeding instituted under the bill in which application is made for a temporary restraining order or an injunction against an interactive computer service. I was not party to the negotiations on this language, nor am I convinced that this language is necessary. Courts, when determining the appropriateness of equitable relief, generally consider factors such as the significance of the threat of irreparable harm to a plaintiff if the injunction is not granted; the state of the balance between this harm and the injury that granting the injunction would inflict on the defendant; the probability that the plaintiff will succeed on the merits; and the public interest. It has not, to date, been demonstrated to me why these traditional standards are not adequate to address situations involving interactive computer services, and I fear that this new language in the bill might cause more mischief than it would cure. I hope that we can continue to work on this language as the bill advances through the legislative process.  Finally, the Senate has accepted an amendment by Senator Bryan to include a provision addressing Internet games known as ``sports fantasy leagues''. I understand that many of the companies that offer these sports fantasy league games are concerned about the wording of this provision. I also understand that they will be seeking refinements in the language as we move through the legislative process, and I look forward to working with them as well as Senator Bryan and Senator Kyl in that regard.  