President, I commend Chairman Roth and Senator Moynihan for their outstanding work on legislation to reform the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). It is time for the IRS to deliver better service to the American people. Our nation's taxpayers deserve no less.  Today, Senator Ashcroft and I are offering an amendment to H.R. 2676 based on the Taxpayers Internet Assistance Act of 1998, S. 1901. Our bipartisan legislation requires the IRS to provide taxpayers with speedy access to tax forms, publications and other published guidance via the Internet.  Mr. President, I want to praise the Senate Finance Committee, Chairman Roth, Senator Moynihan, Senator Kerrey and Senator Grassley for their leadership in moving the IRS reform legislation to the full Senate. I strongly support the bill approved by the Finance Committee.  As the Senate prepares to debate IRS reforms, we must use technology to make the IRS more effective for all taxpayers. What better way to do that then to require the IRS to maintain online access to the latest tax information. Every citizen in the United States, no matter if he or she lives in a small town or big city, should be able to receive electronically the latest published tax guidance or download the most up-to-date tax form.  The IRS web page at >http://irs.ustreas.gov< provides timely service to taxpayers by increasing electronic access to some tax forms and publications. I commend the IRS for its use of Internet technology to improve its services. More information and services should be offered online and not just as a passing fad. Our legislation is needed to build on this electronic start and lock into the law for today and tomorrow comprehensive online taxpayer services.  For Tax Forms, Instructions and Publications, our legislation provides for online posting of documents created during the most recent five years, the same period of time that the IRS now keeps these documents on CD-ROM for Congressional offices. With these common sense requirements, the IRS will be able to enhance its web page with comprehensive tax guidance in a matter of days at little cost to taxpayers under our bipartisan bill. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office has scored our legislation as adding no new direct spending.  Thomas Jefferson observed that, ``Information is the currency of democracy.'' Let's harness the power of the information age to make the IRS a truly democratic institution, open to all our citizens all the time. We strongly believe that the IRS must prepare itself for the next millennium now.  I thank Senator Ashcroft for his support and urge my colleagues to support our amendment.  