So instead, what you have is somebody in the back recesses of a cloakroom somewhere holding this woman up, as are a whole lot of other women on this list being held up by people who say, ``We won't vote on these women. We just won't let them come to a vote.''  Nobody is going to vote them down. They are all going to be confirmed, if we have a vote. But these women are all being held up by somebody who will not come in the Chamber and say who it is holding them up. But just do it. Frankly, I would like to see all of these people--the committees have passed on them. The committees have given them, in most cases, unanimous recommendations and some overwhelming recommendations.  Let the Senate work its will. I think it is wrong to hold them up but especially in the courts. The courts now face an enormous problem. People are declining appointments to the Federal judiciary because they say they are not going to sit around for 2 or 3 years while their law practices fall apart waiting for the Senate to do what we are paid to do.  We have, as I said earlier, in the second circuit, my own circuit, a judicial emergency, the first time ever, and yet we have two second circuit court of appeals judges voted out of the committee sitting on the calendar and cannot be voted upon. It is wrong, Mr. President, for the Senate to try to diminish the Federal bench.  One of the most important parts of our democracy is the fact that we have an independent judiciary. No other nation on Earth has the ability to appoint to a judiciary, handling as complex and varied items as ours does, and still retain its independence. Some, I am afraid to say, on the other side of the aisle and in the other body feel that we must start intimidating these judges--their words, that we must start holding up these judges--their words.  That is wrong. This democracy is maintained and is able to remain a democracy, even though it is the most powerful nation on Earth, because of an independent judiciary. We hurt all Americans. We hurt the criminal justice system; we allow people to escape for their misdeeds if we do not have the judges there to try the cases. And if you are a private litigant, you cannot be heard. Even though you pay the taxes, you pay the bills, you cannot be heard because the judges are not there.  I see the distinguished senior Senator from Arizona in the Chamber. I know he is seeking recognition.  I yield the floor.  