President, in October of 1996, I was privileged to participate in a conference in Ottawa hosted by Canada's Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy. I was there with Tim Rieser of my staff who has done so much work on the issue of banning landmines. We were also accompanied by Bobby Muller, the head of the Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation, a man who was way ahead of most of us in pushing for a ban on antipersonnel landmines.  The purpose of the conference in 1996 was to chart a strategy culminating in a global treaty banning antipersonnel landmines. The Ottawa process was conceived of by Canada and a number of other governments that were fed up with the failure of previous efforts to seriously deal with the mine problem.  Over 70 governments and dozens of nongovernmental organizations accepted Minister Axworthy's invitation to Ottawa. At that conference, to the surprise of everyone present--but certainly to my delight--Minister Axworthy took the courageous step of challenging the world's governments to return in a year's time to sign a treaty that would accomplish nothing less than a total ban on antipersonnel landmines.  It was that bold challenge which enabled the international community to finally move from rhetoric to action. In December 1997, just barely over a year later, 122 governments returned to Ottawa to sign a treaty banning the production, transfer, and use of antipersonnel mines forever.  During the previous year, the United States had refused to participate in the treaty-drafting process. In fact, some U.S. officials dismissed the Ottawa process as a ``sideshow.'' They predicted that without U.S. support, the Canadian effort would eventually run out of steam. They predicted that this treaty would never take effect.  In fact, Mr. President, the opposite happened. A few days ago, Burkina Faso, one of so many African countries whose people have been maimed and killed by landmines, became the 40th state to deposit its papers of ratification with the United Nations, triggering the 6-month period before the treaty formally comes into force.  What many once dismissed as a naive and far-fetched dream is now a reality. In fact, today the treaty has some 129signatories, including every NATO country, except the United States and Turkey, and every Western Hemisphere country, except the United States and Cuba.  Mr. President, this is a historic achievement. It is, I am told, by far the shortest period of time that any humanitarian law or arms control treaty has come into force. It is indicative of the tremendous sense of urgency and determination that has grown around the world to stop the carnage caused by landmines.  But more than anything, it is a tribute to Minister Axworthy, the Government of Canada, the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, landmine survivors, and all the other governments, the U.N. Secretary General, and U.N. agencies like UNICEF and UNDP. It indicates the commitment of people like the late Princess Diana, Queen Noor of Jordan, the former coordinator of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines, Jody Williams, and so many others who have worked so hard to end this scourge.  The treaty's significance is in its simplicity. It establishes a new, unambiguous international norm. The 20th century saw large portions of the globe contaminated by landmines. Two days ago, a process was formally set in motion to reverse that legacy in the first years of the next century. It is a gift to the next generation, and generations beyond.  The treaty is a beginning. There are still many millions of mines buried in the ground waiting to be triggered by an innocent footstep or a curious child. Many of the treaty's signatories were once producers, exporters and users of landmines. They are no longer. The parties to the treaty have also pledged to get rid of the mines in the ground, and the United States, to its credit, and many other governments and organizations are already hard at work at demining.  I had hoped that the United States would be among the 40 original parties to the treaty. That was not to be, but I have no doubt that the United States will yet sign, and I resolve to work with the administration to reach that goal as soon as possible.  Mr. President, I have traveled throughout the world and have seen the damage caused by landmines. I have been impressed by the dedication of Tim Rieser in my own office who has given so much of himself to this. My wife is a registered nurse, and she has gone into the hospitals and to the clinics run and funded by the Leahy War Victims Fund. She, too, has seen the damage caused by landmines.  This is a weapon that is often used against civilians. It is a weapon that stays in the ground long after the peace agreements are signed, the armies have left the field and the soldiers have been disarmed. It is a weapon that waits for its victim to pull the trigger by stepping on it, stumbling on it or brushing up against it. It is a weapon that is no longer needed, certainly not by the United States, the most powerful nation on Earth.  We have to understand that in the end, whether it is a child in Honduras, a farmer in Mozambique, or an American peacekeeper in Bosnia, we all stand to gain in a world in which landmines are banned and their use is a war crime.  Mr. President, I have been privileged to do many things in my time as a Member of the U.S. Senate on issues that involve us both domestically and worldwide. It is hard to think of anything that has been more of a privilege than working on the landmine issue. Certainly nothing has made me more proud than authoring the first piece of legislation passed anywhere in the world banning the export of landmines--the export moratorium.  Today, Mr. President, I compliment those who have gotten us this far. As I told Minister Axworthy when I talked to him on the phone a couple evenings ago, we would not be here if he had not made the brave, bold move that he did in Ottawa in 1996. I still recall the reaction when Lloyd Axworthy launched the treaty effort in the Fall of 1996. He said, ``Let us come back in a year with a landmine treaty.'' Indeed, they did. Indeed, that is where the world is now. Indeed, we are all better for it.  Mr. President, I see nobody else seeking recognition, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  