President, I am pleased to join my colleagues from the Great Lakes State today to offer an amendment that clarifies an issue that relates to ecological research involving Lake Champlain and its relatives, the Great Lakes of the Midwest.  Almost 10 years ago, I embarked on a campaign to reverse what was the appearance of initial environmental degradation of Lake Champlain. This campaign included access to the research and expertise of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the National Sea Grant Program.  When I included Lake Champlain within the definition of the ``Great Lakes'' for the purpose, and solely for the purpose, of the National Sea Grant Program, that change ignited some regional anxiety in the Midwest, the traditional home of the five Great Lakes. It sparked a geography debate over the last month that has enlightened many a classroom. It certainly enlivened the conversation across many a dinner table, including my own in Middlesex, VT. But it has had the added advantage of even classes that did a poor job of teaching geography now had something with which they could do a good job, and people now know at least where the top northern tier of States are.  My original amendment only modified the term ``Great Lakes'' for the purpose of the National Sea Grant Program. But it snowballed into concerns that we would have to rewrite our encyclopedias or throw out our atlases. My amendment to the National Sea Grant Program simply allows Vermont colleges that border Lake Champlain to compete for Sea Grant College status and research funds.  Although Vermonters, I must admit to my good friends from the Midwest, and New Englanders have always thought of Lake Champlain as the ``sixth Great Lake,'' because it is the sixth largest body of fresh water in the continental United States, I recognize the historical and emotional significance this definition carries in much of the Midwest where they have the fantastic Great Lakes--Huron, Ontario, Michigan, Erie and Superior. That is why I have been working with my colleagues of the Midwest to ensure their image of the Great Lakes remains intact, while allowing schools in Vermont to compete for research dollars on a level playing field with other schools within the National Sea Grant Program.  Over the last weeks, we have all heard tales of the greatness of Lake Champlain and the Great Lakes. We all agree that these lakes share in the greatness, whether from their common geological history or their shared biological system that supports the diverse flora and fauna in the region.  Lake Champlain is not as large as the Great Lakes of the Midwest, but it has proved its greatness throughout American history. The pivotal Battle of Valcour in 1776 on Lake Champlain was a key element in winning the Revolutionary War, because it turned back the British fleet coming down to resupply their forces. A turning point in the War of 1812 was the Battle of Plattsburg. And last year, the sister ship to the Smithsonian's Philadelphia, Benedict Arnold's gunboat, was discovered intact in Lake Champlain. So, if we expand the National Sea Grant Program to include Lake Champlain, we will be able to preserve the environmental, economic, and historical value of a lake that is a Vermont and a national treasure.  The amendment I am offering today with Senators Levin and Abraham clarifies the definition of ``Great Lakes.'' Representative Fred Upton has also been extremely active and helpful in developing this solution. Senator Levin, the new chair of the Great Lakes task force, has made darn sure, as have his other colleagues and friends from the Midwest, that I have read every editorial written in their region. In fact, I expect at some moment to be in front of the blackboard saying, ``I shall name''--but, because they are such good friends, and both are on the floor now, they didn't make me do that. But the fact that all of us are offering this amendment together is testimony to the shared understanding and respect for the importance of our lakes to our environment, our economy, and our history.  Unfortunately, while we have that shared interest, we also share some common threats to our lakes. In the last year, we have witnessed the spread of the zebra mussel infestation throughout Lake Champlain, because we connect through the St. Lawrence Seaway, and we share that with theother lakes. These small freshwater pests are threatening native mussels, community water systems, and the network of underwater shipwrecks that make up a rich part of our Nation's history. In fact, scientists forecast that zebra mussels and other invasive species are likely to reach their maximum levels within the next few years.  The zebra mussel represents one of the many connections between the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain, having spread through waterways by boaters who travel among our lakes. We share other concerns such as toxic pollutants, nutrient enrichment and habitat degradation, and these threaten our common fisheries.  For the most part, this Great Lakes debate has not been a dispute among scientists who know the common history and problems facing these lakes, but among politicians and columnists and radio talk show hosts. By pooling all of our resources on freshwater lake research and allowing schools conducting research on Lake Champlain to directly participate in the Sea Grant College Program, we are going to be better prepared to solve these environmental and economic problems. We have already heard from scientists who are excited about the prospect of sharing information and starting joint research projects to address these problems.  Our amendment will build on our existing partnership and ensure the Sea Grant Program protects the water resources, biodiversity, and economic health of the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain.  The purpose of my earlier amendment was not to change any maps but to promote ecological research on the common problems facing our lakes. I understand the symbolic issue this has become with our friends in the Midwest and, because they are my friends, I do not want to create problems for them.  Even though we are the sixth largest lake in this country, we have agreed to call Lake Champlain the cousin instead of a little brother to those larger lakes in the Midwest. But we accomplish our goal of improving the ecological health of our lakes. I think it is a win-win solution that achieves our purposes while skirting the symbolism. We can say, ``Mission accomplished,'' because it means all our lakes will share the benefits of this research about the common problems, like phosphorous runoff, zebra mussels, and mercury pollution. It will help us avoid some of the pollution pitfalls that have stricken other lakes.  In the meantime, it has been a marvelous tourism ad for our beautiful lake. I have never seen so many pictures of Lake Champlain on television ringed by the Adirondack Mountains of New York and the Green Mountains of Vermont. In fact, having watched some more pictures of it today, it makes me all the more homesick. I can't wait to be back home this weekend.  I yield the floor with an invitation to any of my friends from the Midwest, or any other area: Come to Vermont; we would love to have you there.  