President, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee is delayed in a committee of conference, but I understand that he has no objection to this side beginning on this nomination. I also notify colleagues that if we reach a point where neither side has further members wishing to speak on the nomination, it is going to be the intention of the managers to yield back whatever time we have. I mention that so that people understand that it is possible that this rollcall may occur sooner than 20 minutes from now.  Mr. President, at long last, this day has finally arrived. Senate confirmation of Judge Sonia Sotomayor has been stalled for 7 long months without any explanation or justification. I have spoken on behalf of this outstanding nominee more than a dozen times. In fact, the most recent time was Monday of this week. I hope that now those who have had the secret hold on this nomination will come forth and claim ``credit'' for preventing this qualified nominee from helping end the emergency that has confronted the Second Circuit since March. Throughout all the time that there have been secret holds that have kept her nomination from going forward, she has been denied her rightful seniority on the court as others have gone forward. It has not been the Senate's finest hour.  I recall the glowing statement of support from Senator Moynihan to the Judiciary Committee at her hearing back in September 1997, a year ago. I appreciate, as well, the strong statement Senator Moynihan made to the Senate on behalf of this outstanding nominee this summer when her nomination was being stalled. I very much appreciate the efforts he has made on behalf of this outstanding nominee. He has been persistent in his support and in seeking to bring this nomination to the floor without delay. As members of the minority party, that has been a very, very difficult task.  Along with a number of Senators, I wrote to the majority leader on April 9, 1998, urging ``prompt and favorable action on the nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor.'' We noted then the judicial emergency that had to be declared by Chief Judge Winter of the Second Circuit. Since March 23, he has had to cancel hearings and proceed with three-judge appellate panels that contain only one Second Circuit judge. That crisis is continuing.  What is happening is when they have these three-judge panels, only one of the judges is from the Second Circuit. They have to bring judges from elsewhere, or retired judges to hear cases. Judge Sonia Sotomayor's nomination has taken over 15 months in spite ofthe emergency that plagues the Second Circuit.  We have seen the strong support for this nominee from the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and from the Puerto Rican Bar Association, the Hispanic National Bar Association, and many other bar associations around the country. We have received literally thousands of letters of support for this nominee.  Late this summer, a column in the Wall Street Journal noted that Judge Sotomayor was being held up on the Republican side of the aisle because of speculation that she might one day be considered by President Clinton for nomination to the United States Supreme Court. This was confirmed by a report in the New York Times on June 14.  As I said earlier, this has not been the Senate's finest hour.  How disturbing and how shameful: trying to disqualify an outstanding Hispanic woman judge by an anonymous hold. Here is a highly-qualified Hispanic woman judge who should have been confirmed to help end the crisis in the Second Circuit more than seven months ago.  How petty, how mean, how wrong to cost this judge the seniority she should have had on the Second Circuit by someone anonymously holding her up on the other side of the aisle.  I note very clearly for the Record that every time the question of her nomination came forth, it has been made clear that every single Democrat said they were prepared to go forward with her nomination. Every single Democrat said they would vote for her.  When she is confirmed as I fully expect she will be, she will be only the second woman and second judge of Puerto Rican descent to serve on the Second Circuit. Judge Sotomayor is a source of pride to Puerto Rican and other Hispanic supporters and to women everywhere.  Judge Sotomayor is a highly qualified nominee who was confirmed to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in 1992 after being nominated by President Bush. She rose from a housing project in the Bronx to attend Princeton University and Yale Law School. She worked for over four years in the New York District Attorney's Office as an Assistant District Attorney and was in private practice with Pavia & Harcourt in New York.  She has been a fine District Court Judge. It was Judge Sotomayor who issued a key decision in 1995 that brought an end to the work stoppage in major league baseball. She applies the law. In this, as in her other decisions, Judge Sotomayor followed the law. That is what judges are supposed to do. There is no basis for a charge that she is or will be a judicial activist.  In his annual report on the judiciary this year on new Year's Day, the Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court observed: ``Some current nominees have been waiting a considerable time for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote. * * * ``The Senate is surely under no obligation to confirm any particular nominee, but after the necessary time for inquiry it should vote him up or vote him down.''  Acting to fill judicial vacancies is a constitutional duty that the Senate--and all of its members--are obligated to fulfill. In its unprecedented slowdown in the handling of nominees in the 104th and 105th Congresses, the Senate is shirking its duty. When those nominees are women or members of racial or ethnic minorities, this is especially disturbing.  Today, after holding this nomination for seven months on the Senate calendar, the Senate will finally get a chance to vote on the nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the Second Circuit. I look forward to our taking action to confirm this outstanding nominee.  Mr. President, obviously I am not going to put this in the Record. But I would just note that this two-foot stack of papers contains some of the letters from distinguished lawyers and distinguished bar associations from all over this country--from prosecutors and defense attorneys alike; from people who do appellate work and those who do not; from every spectrum of the bar. These are all letters from people who support the nomination of Judge Sotomayor. These are people who can now finally get a response, a response indicating that this superb candidate is finally being considered by the Senate, that the anonymous holds are no longer being allowed to restrain her nomination, and that the Senate finally walked out into the daylight to vote. I have every confidence that vote will be a favorable one and that she will finally be confirmed--even though she was unjustly denied the seniority she would have gotten had the confirmation gone forward on schedule.  Mr. President, I understand there is no one else seeking to speak on either side. And I have been told by the Republican side that I have permission to yield back their time. I yield their time. I yield our time. We are prepared to vote.  