I believe it is time for the Congress to join the President's call to curb teenage smoking.  But I believe that as a U.S. Senator, as a Vermonter, and as the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, that the HEALTHY Kids Act improves the proposed national tobacco settlement in two key areas--this is what I am looking at in tobacco settlements--that you have to have full document disclosure and that there can be no immunity for the tobacco industry.  The reason I say this, Madam President, is I have here a 1974 marketing plan by RJR Tobacco.  In 1974 they were saying how they have to target the 14-to-24 age group. In 1974 they were saying how they had to put their ads together so that people in the 14-to-24-year-old group could be targeted, could become cigarette smokers, could become addicted, and once addicted would remain their customers until they died. Of course, so many of them did die of lung cancer and other tobacco-related diseases.  These documents became public almost a quarter of a century later only because of the suits that are going on, only because of the forced disclosure. I say whatever we do in tobacco legislation, make sure all documents have to be disclosed and make sure that there is no immunity to the tobacco industry.  I want to thank Senator Conrad for working with me to craft legislative language that calls for full disclosure of all tobacco industry documents relating to the health effects of tobacco products, the control of nicotine in tobacco products and the marketing of tobacco products. This disclosure to the FDA includes key documents that the industry may claim as privileged.  After internal review, the FDA has the authority to publish these documents to further the interests of public health. And these documents will be available on the Internet for every citizen to finally learn the full truth about the tobacco industry.  Contrary to its public relations ploys, the tobacco industry is still using stonewalling tactics to keep industry documents secret. Minnesota Attorney General Skip Humphrey has been prying loose documents that reveal much about the past practices of tobacco corporations. But the tobacco industry continues to abuse its attorney-client privilege by trying to block damaging documents from being publicly released. Again, yesterday, the court in Minnesota found the tobacco industry improperly used the attorney-client privilege to hide thousands of industry documents.  This stonewalling will stop and the American people will know all the facts about the tobacco industry under our bill. Second, our bill scraps the sweetheart deal of immunity for the tobacco industry from punitive damages and class action lawsuits that was in the proposed national settlement.  Every day we learn more and more about documents that reveal industry schemes to market their deadly product to children and hide smoking-related health research.  Marketing cigarettes to 14 year-old children is outrageous. Is that the kind of conduct that we should reward with unprecedented legal protections? In the words of today's 14 year-olds, ``Get real.''  Under our bill, a state may resolve its attorney general suit or take on the tobacco industry in court, as Minnesota is doing. It is up to the people of that state, not a Washington knows best approach. I am confident that Vermont Attorney General William Sorrell knows the facts in his lawsuit against big tobacco and will weigh the best interests of Vermonters in making the decision whether to opt-in to the bill's settlement provisions.  I strongly believe that this comprehensive tobacco control legislation puts the interests of our children ahead of the interests of the tobacco lobby.  I look forward to working with President Clinton, Vice President Gore, Senator Conrad and my other colleagues on both sides of the aisle to enact it into law.  I thank again my good friend from Indiana. I yield the floor.  