President, I rise in strong support of this amendment of my friend and my neighbor from New Hampshire. I was thinking about this. I thought to myself, why should we give big tobacco any special legal protections? My friend from New Hampshire said that we are not doing this for a medical company because they build some new kind of heart valve, and to get it out, we will give them special protection; or somebody else comes up with a new cancer drug and we want to give them special protection. We arebeing asked to give this special protection to tobacco. I have to tell you, Mr. President, I don't have a whole lot of people in Vermont rushing up to me and saying, ``Oh, please, please, please, give immunity to the tobacco companies. This is our No. 1 priority.''  In fact, this is whom they are asking to give immunity to. Mr. President, look at this stellar group standing, raising their hand, swearing to tell the truth, the whole truth, nothing but the truth, and then they sat down and lied. I remember my days as a prosecutor. We used to see lineups like that, but they were usually a different type of lineup and you had numbers across the front.  These are not the people I want to give immunity to. These are not the people I want to go back home to Vermont and say, ``I voted to give them immunity.'' In fact, yesterday the former Surgeon General, Everett Koop, and the former FDA Commissioner, Dr. Kessler, endorsed the Gregg-Leahy amendment because they know Congress can protect the public health without having to protect big tobacco.  This really comes down to the issue of, Do you have to protect big tobacco in order to protect public health? I say no. What we should be doing is protecting public health, that is it, not protecting big tobacco.  Now, the Senator from Arizona, Mr. McCain, the Senator from South Carolina, Mr. Hollings, and the White House have done a great job in narrowing the list of special legal protections in the managers' amendment, and I compliment Senator McCain, Senator Hollings, and the White House for what they have done. But now that the Senate begins floor debate on this revised bill, we have to go beyond that. We have to take the great work that my neighbor from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, and the others I have named have done. Then we have to say, once and for all, we are rejecting the tobacco industry's siren song for unprecedented legal protections.  I applaud Senator Kerry and Senator McCain and Senator Hollings and the White House for going as far as they did, but I want to now go further, lock the door, close the door once and for all, and allow us all to go back home to our States and say we stood up to big tobacco, we voted against immunity. It is time for Congress, and especially the Senate, to scrap the last remnants of the original sweetheart deal of immunity for the tobacco industry. That was the sweetheart deal that was in the proposed national settlement.  In theory, the tobacco industry will restrict its future advertising in exchange for legal protections from past punitive damages and other past and future damages. I reject this mirage of a deal because it will evaporate in a court of law. Any affected industry that is or is not part of the deal, such as a retailer or distributor or even a tobacco company, might sue to block these restrictions as being in violation of the first amendment.  Many advertising experts, including the head of the Federal Trade Commission, predict such a suit will succeed in throwing out the advertising restrictions as unconstitutional. In the end, Congress will have been duped again by the tobacco industry. They will have given unprecedented legal protections in exchange for empty promises. They will have said, ``You guys fooled us before when you testified under oath, but we know you have now found religion and you are going to be fined this time and you haven't fooled us again.'' It reminds me of Charlie Brown and the football: ``Don't worry, Charlie Brown, I won't pull the ball out this time.'' And we see that, of course, every year. Out goes the football, and flat on his back goes Charlie Brown.  Well, let's not do that to the people of this country. We have learned a lot more about the industry's schemes. We have seen what Attorney General Skip Humphrey in Minnesota has pried loose from the hundreds of thousands of internal tobacco documents. Let's take a look at some of this.  Let's look at some of these things that came out of Minnesota, the released tobacco documents. Now, this is just marketing that is aimed at children. Look at this one:       To ensure increased and longer-term growth of Camel Filter,      the brand must increase its share penetration among the 14-24      age group which represents tomorrow's cigarette business.  Mr. President, this is not a typographical error. They are talking about how they will increase--not just to start people at 14 years old but how they will increase the market among 14-year-olds.  Philip Morris starts off being a little bit more responsible by saying:       Marlboro dominates in the 17--  But then we see--       and younger age category.  RJR ``Product Research Report'':       Salem King shows encouraging growth by posting a four point      gain in the 14-17 market.  You wonder if whoever wrote this about encouraging growth, do they have children of their own? Do they have children of their own that they would brag about that?  Or look at Brown & Williamson:       At the present rate a smoker in the 16-25 year age group      will soon be three times as important to Kool as a prospect      in any other broad age category.  Again, Mr. President, as a parent, I find this reprehensible. To them this was just marketing, and is that the kind of conduct that we should reward with unprecedented legal protection, that we should reward people who target 14-year-olds? To use the language of the same 14-year-olds, get real. We can't do it. If we grant immunity to this special rogue industry, we have lost all our common sense.  But if we go with the bill as now written, we will establish an $8 billion annual cap on damages for tobacco claims. That is about $20,000 per family for the 400,000 Americans who die from tobacco-related diseases each year. These are special provisions. They are unnecessary. Why should the industry stop marketing to children? Why should they stop manipulating nicotine? Why should they stop cutting health research when they know this liability cannot exceed a certain amount? If they know the liability is capped, then it just becomes a marketing ploy.  Some might say, ``Well, they would not do that because they promised us.'' This is like saying the check is in the mail, I gave at the office, or a few other versions of that. Why should anybody trust them? I do not. A liability cap eliminates the incentive for the tobacco industry to change its corporate culture. It is kind of like having two warehouses side by side and one has got locks on the doors and one doesn't. And you have somebody who is inclined toward burglarizing a place, and they say, ``Oh, I promised not to burgle those places.'' Well, they are not telling us the truth. We know which one they are going to go into. They are going to go into the warehouse without the lock. Let's put some locks on it.  I think, if you don't have the incentive of real liability facing them, the promises they make to get the Congress off their backs today are the promises that will be forgotten tomorrow. If big tobacco could turn its liability exposure to fixed costs which they could pass on to consumers and taxpayers, then they can keep on doing business as usual without the risk of litigation.  How will the liability cap work? Will it reward today's plaintiffs at the expense of future injured parties? Because most lawsuits settle, I believe the tobacco industry will have a unique negotiating edge if they have a liability cap. The industry will have every incentive to do sweetheart deals with favorite plaintiffs--do that first, then use the prospect of delayed payments in the future to force smaller settlements. A payment delayed will result in justice denied for thousands of tobacco victims.  I said earlier, each week, when I go back home, I don't have a lot of my fellow Vermonters coming up to me and saying, ``Hey, Pat, give immunity to the tobacco industry.'' We Vermonters are known for our common sense. My fellow Vermonters are telling me that immunity for big tobacco makes no sense. In fact, the Vermont legislature overwhelmingly, Republicans and Democrats alike, passed a resolution condemning any immunity for the tobacco industry in Federal legislation. I think that is because the American people outside the beltway understand that big tobacco does not deserve any special legal protections.  I take seriously the admonition of Mississippi Attorney General Michael Moore, whom I respect greatly, who told the Senate Judiciary Committee last year that the proposed settlementoffers Congress a historic opportunity to seize the moment and protect the health of future generations. But I believe that we can seize this historic opportunity to curb teenage smoking without giving big tobacco any special legal protection. Under our amendment, a State may resolve its attorney general's suit or take on the tobacco industry in court, as Minnesota did. It is up to the people of that State, instead of Washington. That is the same approach used in the Conrad bill that has, I think, 32 cosponsors.  I am confident in my State of Vermont, Attorney General William Sorrell knows the facts in his lawsuit against big tobacco. He is going to weigh the interest of Vermonters in deciding to opt out of the bill's settlement provisions. As one Vermonter, I am perfectly willing to put that decision in the hands of our elected officials in our State.  Our approach puts the interests of the children ahead of the interests of the tobacco lobby. The public health community agrees that immunity for the tobacco industry makes no sense. The Advisory Committee on Tobacco Policy and Public Health, headed by Drs. Koop and Kessler, wrote to Congress:       We oppose granting the tobacco industry immunity against      liability for past, present or future misdeeds. Congress      should focus its efforts on public health, not on the      concessions the tobacco industry seeks.  I agree. I agree. Dr. Koop called a liability cap a huge corporate giveaway. He is right. I agree. After all, the only reason we are here--and it is really a credit to it--is our civil justice system. In fact, without the use of class actions, without the likelihood of punitive damage recoveries, we all know tobacco companies never would have come to the negotiating table. So let's not change our successful State-based tort system as it involves tobacco legislation. It has served us well. After all, the same people who were in the picture I showed earlier, raising their hands, swearing they will tell the truth, the whole truth, nothing but the truth so help me--and I think they were swearing on a tobacco leaf because now the Department of Justice is currently investigating them for criminal conspiracy and perjury. I would say, if I can move that metaphor a little bit further, strip away the tobacco leaf and see what is hidden behind it. I am not going to give legal immunity to the same people who appeared here and lied to Congress while under oath.  Why in the world do we want to give big tobacco such legal protections? Rely on common sense. Rely on the things I hear from my fellow Vermonters as I am in the grocery stores back home. Rely on what I hear, as I am walking down the street, from Vermonters of all political persuasions. Rely on the common sense I hear from my neighbors and friends of a lifetime back home. Then we will reject the unprecedented legal protections for the tobacco industry, and we will vote for the Gregg-Leahy amendment.  I believe it makes sense. I certainly find myself in total agreement with what the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire, Mr. Gregg, said. That is the way I feel about it.  I understand from earlier discussions with the distinguished leader we may not vote on this today; we may vote on it tomorrow. But whenever we do, think what is in the best interests of the country. Think what is in the best interests of the people. And think, every Senator, how you would answer this question when you go home if you are asked: Are you willing to give immunity, even limited immunity, to the tobacco companies or not? If you are not, then you vote for this amendment.  I yield the floor.  