 I am proud to cosponsor this effort. It strikes the one sentence in this IRS reform bill that I believe takes away the rights of a taxpayer. I know that is not the intent of the sponsors of this legislation. They have done a very good job trying to reform the IRS. I think we can correct this error.  The bill as currently written would create a rebuttable presumption by the Internal Revenue Service that any tax return which has been signed by electronic or digital means has actually been submitted by the person associated with the virtual signature. That is a rebuttable assumption that is unnecessary. It is adverse to the taxpayers' interests. But worse, it is likely to deter taxpayers from accepting all-electronic tax filing.  More and more things are being done online, more and more things are beingdone electronically, and more and more taxpayers are getting used to doing a lot of their commercial transactions electronically. And they should be able to do the same with the one thing that every one of us has to do at least once a year, and that is file a tax return. We may or may not order from an electronic catalog, we may or may not buy things over the Internet, but sometime during the year we have to pay our taxes. If we are used to using things electronically, we should be able to file our tax return electronically.  But unless the sentence we are talking about is removed from this bill, a taxpayer filing an all-electronic tax document will face a greater evidentiary burden in any subsequent dispute with the IRS than a taxpayer who signed a paper return with pen and ink. An electronic signature should have no less and no greater status in the tax context than a physical signature.  The presumption would provide unintended assistance to perpetrators of tax frauds, forgeries, and electronic identity thefts such as the ``innocent spouse'' cases recently reviewed by the Finance Committee. It could even reverse the presumption of innocence and due process of taxpayers in criminal prosecutions by the IRS. None of us want to do that.  We have laws regarding authentication of electronic and digital signatures, but they are in their infancy. Several States, including my home State of Vermont, are crafting legislation to promote secure and reliable digital signatures. Senator Ashcroft and I, by working together to craft bipartisan Federal legislation on digital signatures, are trying to do precisely that. Congress should not be giving the Internal Revenue Service unrestricted authority in this emerging area of cyberspace law.  If you adopt the Ashcroft-Leahy amendment, then, if you have an electronically authenticated tax document, it will still be treated under the bill, for all civil and criminal purposes, the same as a paper return. That principle of equality is the correct standard. Citizens should not be required to forfeit rights to use new technology.  If somebody is used to using the Internet, if they are used to using their computers in electronic commerce, they should not suddenly have a roadblock go up to say, ``But not on your tax returns. You have to go the old-fashioned way.'' If people are going into the computer and digital age, they ought to be able to do that for their tax returns, too.  I commend what Senator Roth, the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee, and Senator Kerrey and Senator Moynihan and Senator Grassley have done here to bring us into the electronic age and to bring us to a more modern system with the IRS. What the Senator from Missouri, Mr. Ashcroft, and I are trying to do is to make sure we go even further into the modern age. Our amendment is supported by such diverse groups as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and Americans for Tax Reform.  So I hope my colleagues will support the Ashcroft-Leahy-Burns amendment.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  