President, I would like to join Senator Snowe and my other Colleagues from the Northeast in thanking Senator Stevens and Senator Byrd for agreeing to include emergency Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding in the disaster supplemental. This funding is desperately needed to assist in recovery in areas where there are significant gaps in existing disaster programs.  On January 9, the Northeast was hit by an ice storm of an unprecedented scale. The storm downed trees and power lines throughout the northeast. In Vermont, one power company alone replaced more than 50 miles of power lines and 200 power poles. Crews came from as far away as Hawaii to aid in the effort to restore power to the 10,000 people left without electricity for up to 11 days during what is traditionally one of the coldest months of the year. Damage to Vermont utilities was extensive in the six counties declared disaster areas, with storm damage totaling over $9 million. Of that, only $552,648 was covered by FEMA.  The storm was unique in the type of damage it inflicted--buildings, roads, and water and sewer systems were left largely untouched, but electric utility lines and trees were wiped out completely in some areas and suffered significant damage throughout the region. This is not the kind of damage traditional disaster programs were designed to address, as the ``Blueprint for Action'' report FEMA produced after the storm makes clear. According to that report ``the single most critical concern is the loss of electric power caused by the storm.''  The Community Development Block Grant program is designed to provide flexible funding to promote economic development. That is exactly the kind of assistance needed to repair the damage to the power infrastructure in the Northeast. The most serious concern raised by the damage to the utility system is the cost it will impose on all Vermont rate payers. At 11.29 cents per kilowatt hour, utility rates in New England are already 64% higher than the national average. This increased cost of doing business is a significant hurdle to attracting and keeping businesses in Vermont. The cost of the storm damage is expected to force some utility companies to seek further increases in electric rates. Any increase would be a serious blow to economic development throughout the region.  The need for Federal assistance to recover from the ice storm is not the result of poor planning on the part of the utilities. All of the affected utilities built average annual storm damage costs into their rate structure. However, the cost of this one storm was so extraordinarily high, that it dwarfed those set-asides. One company is facing damage from this one storm equal to eight times its annual budget for emergency repairs. This is not a cost that these companies can just absorb.  The need for emergency CDBG funding is clear. I strongly support this amendment and urge my colleagues to do so as well.  