President, I rise today in support of Senator Boxer's amendment to the Education IRA bill because it will ensure schools across our nation have the additional resources they need to establish and expand after-school programs for school-aged children. With more and more parents of school-aged children working outside the home, we, as a nation, must make a commitment to our children to ensure they have safe and supervised places to be during the after-school hours. This amendment would provide much-needed funding to schools to set up such programs in their buildings or other public facilities, a cost-efficient way to provide children and teens with activities after the school bell rings.  With youth at most risk of getting into trouble between 3 and 8 p.m., this additional funding will help keep teens out of trouble during these critical hours. I know how effective and important after-school programs are, parents around the country know it and our law enforcement officers know it. In fact, a recent survey of nearly 800 police chiefs from across the nation found that 90 percent of the chiefs viewed prevention as a key factor in reducing our nation's juvenile crime rates. In my opinion, the best crime reduction strategy is one which prevents crime from happening. The $250 million authorized in this amendment is a good investment, not only because it will provide children with a safe haven, but also because it will likely lead to reduced crime rates in neighborhoods which choose to implement or expand their after-school programs.  I am particularly pleased with the flexibility provided in Senator Boxer's amendment. While no school is required to participate, those which do may use the funds for children of any age--from kindergarten through high school. Those schools which choose to participate would also have the flexibility to decide what sort of programs to offer. For example, schools receiving grants could engage in mentoring activities, tutoring or academic assistance programs, recreational activities or technology training. So long as a school offers at least two of these activities, it would meet the grant's eligibility requirements. Schools could also offer drug or alcohol prevention programs, gang prevention programs, health and nutrition counseling and job skills training. These broad categories of activities will allow the local schools to decide how their children spend their after-school hours while ensuring that the children and teens are engaged in productive activities.  Vermont is fortunate to have a wide variety of after-school programs available for children, both on and off school campuses. I have been working to ensure this diversity of programs continues. But, I hear again and again from parents in Vermont that we need more after-school programs for our state's children. Senator Boxer's amendment would ensure one piece of the puzzle is better funded--after-school programs on school and public property. I plan to continue pushing for other resources for after-school, evening and weekend programs, including in S.10, the Violent and Repeat Juvenile Offender Act of 1997. As the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee, I have been fighting hard to ensure that S.10 has dedicated funding for a variety of crime prevention programs. Senator Boxer's amendment is a perfect complement to these ongoing efforts.  