President, today I am introducing a bill with Chairman Hatch concerning satellite television that I hope will prove to be good news for consumers throughout the nation and in Vermont.  I greatly appreciate this opportunity to work with Chairman Hatch and Senator Kohl.  We intend for this bill to lead to head-to-head competition between cable and satellite TV providers. This should open more choices and services to Vermonters, at lower prices. The bill also will allow householders who want to subscribe to this new satellite TV service to receive all local Vermont TV stations by satellite. The goal is to offer Vermonters more choices, more TV selections--and especially of local programming--but at lower rates.  In areas of the country where there is this full competition with cable providers, rates to customers are considerably lower. I helped foster the home satellite industry with passage of the Satellite Home Viewer Act in 1988 and the extension of that act in 1994. Now it is time for the home satellite industry to offer a competitive alternative to cable. It is my hope that we can foster that competition and do so in a way that preserves the local perspective and service provided by the local network affiliate system.  This bill is intended to permit satellite TV providers to offer the networks through their local TV channels to viewers throughout Vermont and a full complement of superstations and movies. This means that local Vermont TV stations will be available over satellite to many areas of Vermont currently unserved by satellite or by cable.  I have received scores of letters from Vermonters who have complained about the current situation. Under current law, it is illegal for satellite TV providers to offer local TV channels over a satellite dish when you live in a area where you are likely to get a clear TV signal with a regular rooftop antenna.  This means that thousands of Vermonters living in or near Burlington cannot receive local signals over their satellite dishes. I understand their frustration. At our farm in Middlesex, we receive signals from one and a half stations.  This bill is intended to adjust the statutory copyright licenses in order to allow satellite carriers to offer local TV signals to viewers no matter where they live in Vermont. To take advantage of this opportunity, satellite carriers will in general have to follow the rules that cable providers have to follow. This will mean that they must carry all full-power local Vermont TV stations in their TV offering.  Today, Vermonters receive satellite signals with programming from stations in other states. In other words, they would get a CBS station from another state but not WCAX, the Burlington CBS affiliate. I hope that our bill will correct this upside-down situation and make network programming available to all, while preserving local programming and respecting the affiliate system.  By allowing satellite providers to offer a larger variety of programming, including local stations, the satellite industry would be able to compete with cable, and the cable industry will be competing with satellite carriers. Cable will continue to be a highly effective competitor with its ability to offer extremely high-speed Internet connections to homes and businesses.  A major reason I voted against the Telecommunications Act of 1996--and I was only one of five who voted against that bill--was my fear that cable, satellite and telephone rates would go up significantly in rural states. I wish I had been wrong, but the rates, in fact, have been climbing since then. When fully implemented this bill should reverse that trend as has been the case in cities where there were competitors to cable.  The second major improvement in this bill is that satellite carriers that offer local Vermont channels in their mix of programming will be able to reach Vermonters throughout our state. The system will be based on regions called Designated Market Areas, or DMAs, established through marketing surveys done by the Nielsen Corporation ratings organization.  Vermont has one large DMA covering most of the state and part of the Adirondacks in New York--the Burlington-Plattsburg DMA--and parts of two smaller ones in Bennington County (the Albany-Schenectady-Troy DMA) and in Windham County (the Boston DMA).  Over time those two counties could be included in the Burlington-Plattsburg DMA depending on marketing, advertising and other demographic factors that Nielsen Corporation examines.  This new satellite system is not yet available. Companies are preparing to launch spot-beam satellites to take advantage of this bill. I encourage them to do so. Using current technology, signals would be provided by spot-beam satellites using some 150 regional uplink sites throughout that nation to beam local signals up to two satellites. Those satellites would use 60 spot beams to send those local signals, received from the regional uplinks, back to satellite dish owners. High-definition TV would be offered under this system at a later date.  Under this bill, and using this spot-beam technology, home owners with satellite dishes in downtown Burlington, and in almost every county in Vermont, would receive all the full-power TV stations in the Burlington-Plattsburg DMA, including Vermont public television. Therefore, subscribers to the new satellite technology would be able to receive WPTZ, WCAX, WNNE, Vermont public television, and other full-power broadcast stations, throughout most of Vermont. Bennington residents would receive the stations in the Schenectady-Albany-Troy DMA. Windham County residents would receive full power stations in the Boston DMA.  As I mentioned earlier, Bennington and Windham Counties could be included in the Burlington-Plattsburg DMA at a later date as the demographics of the region evolve, or as technology changes.  Under this bill, Vermonters will have more choices. Those who want this new satellite service will be allowed to sign up in the next couple of years or keep their present satellite service.  Those who want to stick with cable, or with regular broadcast TV, are able to continue their viewing in those ways. Since technology advances so quickly, other systems could be developed before this bill is fully implemented that would provide other service but using different technologies.  I share the frustration of so many that laws and regulations in this case have tended to frustrate consumer choices and stifle technology. That is not the way it should be. It is time to update our satellite viewing laws to encourage full and vigorous competition with the cable industry and expand viewer options.  