President, it has been suggested that if a court is overturned by the Supreme Court, that people ought to start asking whether those judges should be thrown out. And one Senator said, ``Suppose we were overturned like that, how long would we last here in the Senate?'' Well, it seems to me that the U.S. Senate voted very strongly--84 Senators voted for the so-called Communications Decency Act even though it was obviously unconstitutional. That went to the Supreme Court and was overturned.  A majority of the U.S. Senators voted for the line-item veto--again, blatantly unconstitutional but popular back home. That was overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court.  Eighty-five percent of the people, according to a poll, said they wanted some form of the Brady bill. This Senate voted for that overwhelmingly, knowing that it was probably unconstitutional. That was overturned by the Supreme Court.  I can think, since I have been here, of a number of times when this body went pell-mell forward on a number of bills because it was so popular to vote for them. Many times I found myself as a lone dissenter on matters that went to the U.S. Supreme Court and were then overturned as unconstitutional.  The same Senators who criticize judges who from time to time have an opinion reversed by a higher court ought to be careful with respect to what they advocate. If that standard were applied to Senators should all Senators who voted for a bill that getsoverturned as unconstitutional have to resign? Maybe not the first time they vote for something declared unconstitutional; maybe they shouldn't have to leave the first time, because everybody is allowed a mistake. If they did it a second time, do they have to go then? I come from a tolerant State. I belong to a religion that believes in redemption and forgiveness. So we will let them get away with two.  We are in the baseball season. Suppose they voted for three unconstitutional bills because they were popular but they get overturned as unconstitutional. Well, we are now considering perspectives beyond religion and politics, we are going to baseball. Three times, three strikes--are you out? Let's be a little careful when we use some of these analogies about who should or should not serve on a court depending on how many times they get reversed.  Senators may not want to go back and ask how many times they voted for something, how many times they gave wonderful speeches in favor of something, how many times they sent out press releases, sent feeds back to their TV station, maybe used them in their reelection ads, and then, guess what? The U.S. Supreme Court overturned that legislation as unconstitutional.  Especially, I say to some of my friends on the other side, when the majority of those voting to declare those laws unconstitutional were Republican members of the U.S. Supreme Court, reported by Republican Presidents, and extolled as great conservatives. In each one of the cases I have referenced, I agreed with them. They were the true conservatives. What they wanted to conserve was the Constitution of the United States.  Sometimes when we want to stand up here and tell how conservative we are, we ought to say: Are we conservative with regard to the Constitution of the United States? Are we prepared to conserve the U.S. Constitution?  I recall one day on a court-stripping bill on this floor years ago an effort was made to pass a court-stripping bill, a bill to withdraw jurisdiction from the courts over certain matters of constitutional remedies, because the polls showed how popular it would be. One Friday afternoon, three Senators stood on this floor and talked that bill into the ground.  I was proud to be one of those three Senators. As I walked out with the other two--one, the Senator from Connecticut, then an independent, Senator Lowell Weicker; the third Senator who had joined with us to talk down that court-stripping bill, my good friend, now deceased, Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona. Senator Goldwater put his arms around the shoulders of both of us, and we were both a little bit taller than he, and said, ``I think we are the only three conservatives in the place.''  I can't speak for Senator Weicker, how he might have felt about that; I took it as a heck of a compliment--not because I go back and claim to be a conservative in my politics back home. I only claim to be a Vermonter, doing the best I can for my State. When I stand up for the U.S. Constitution, as I have so many times for the first amendment, I do it because I try to conserve what is best in our country.  Professor William Fletcher is a fine nominee. He is a decent man. He was first nominated to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, May 7, 1995, over 3 years ago. I don't know of any judicial nominee who has had to endure the delay and show the patience of this nominee. He was nominated May 7, 1995. We are only a few months away from 1999.  I have spoken on many occasions about how the Republican Senate is rewriting the record books in terms of delaying action on judicial nominees, but Professor Fletcher's 41 months exceeds the 33-month delay in the consideration of the nomination of Judge Richard Paez and Anabelle Rodriguez; or the 26 months it took to confirm Ann Aiken; or the 24 months it took to confirm Margaret McKeown; or the 21-month delay before confirmation of Margaret Morrow and Hilda Tagle who found, unfortunately, in this Senate, that if you are either a woman or a minority, you seem to take a lot longer to get through the Senate confirmation process.  In the annual report on the judiciary, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court observed:       Some current nominees have been waiting a considerable time      for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote.      The Senate confirmed only 17 judges in 1996 and 36 in 1997,      well under the 101 judges it confirmed in 1994.  He went on to note:       The Senate is surely under no obligation to confirm any      particular nominee, but after the necessary time for inquiry      it should vote him up or vote him down.  Mr. President, 3\1/2\ years is a long time to examine a nomination and to leave a judgeship vacant. Even at the pace of the U.S. Senate, 3\1/2\ years is long enough for us to make up our mind.  Around Mother's Day in 1996, the Judiciary Committee did report the nomination of Professor Fletcher to the Senate, but that year the majority, Republican majority, decided not to vote on any nominees to courts of appeals, so the nomination was not considered by the Senate. The committee vote, though, in 1996 was more than 2-1 in favor, including Senator Hatch, Senator Specter, Senator DeWine, and Senator Simpson. This year, the vote was delayed until past Mother's Day. The vote was taken May 21, 1998. The committee's second consideration of the nominee resulted in a vote of 2-1.  I know some do not like Judge Betty Binn Fletcher. They do not agree with her decisions. In our Federal judicial system, there are mechanisms for holding judges accountable. There are panels of judges at the courts of appeals. There are en banc considerations. There is ultimately the controlling authority of the U.S. Supreme Court. Judge Fletcher's decisions are subject to review and reversal, just like every other judge.  No one should turn their anger with Judge Betty Fletcher into a reason to delay or oppose the appointment of Professor William A. Fletcher. No one should try to get back at Judge Betty B. Fletcher through delay of the confirmation of her son.  Senate Republicans have continued their attacks against an independent Federal judiciary and delayed in filling longstanding vacancies with qualified persons being nominated by the President. Professor Fletcher's nomination has been a casualty of their efforts. Forty-one months--41 months--and two confirmation hearings have been enough time for examination to bring the Fletcher nomination to a vote. Professor Fletcher is a fine person and an outstanding nominee who has had to endure years of delay and demagoguery as some chose to play politics with our independent judiciary.  Professor Fletcher has the support of both Senators from California. The ABA gave him the highest rating. He is supported by many judges and lawyers and scholars from around the State, the Ninth Circuit, and the country. I commend the distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the senior Senator from Utah, Senator Hatch, and many other Republican Senators who have continued to support this fair-minded nominee.  I look forward to Senate action this afternoon and I look forward to the fact that he will be confirmed.  Mr. President, I withhold the remainder of my time.  I yield the floor.  