President, I am pleased that the Senate is considering the ``Plant Patent Amendments Act of 1998,'' H.R. 1197. This legislation closes a loophole in the law by providing patent protection, not only for an entire plant, but for parts of a plant as well.  Since the 1930s, U.S. patent law has benefited agriculture, horticulture and the public by providing an incentive for breeders to develop new plant varieties. This incentive is the availability of patents for new plant varieties.  An unforeseen ambiguity in the law, however, is undermining the incentives for breeders holding U.S. plant patents. Because current U.S. law only provides patent protection for entire plants, plant parts are being traded in U.S. markets to the detriment of U.S. plant patent holders. The resulting lost royalty income has been inhibiting investment in domestic research and breeding activities associated with a wide variety of crops.  By clearly and explicitly providing that U.S. patent law protects the owner of a plant patent against the unauthorized sale of plant parts taken from plants illegally reproduced, H.R. 1197 will close the existing loophole in the law and will strengthen the ability of U.S. plant patent holders to enforce their patent rights.  Another matter of special interest to me is the amendment that I offered to the ``Plant Patent Amendments Act of 1998'' to enhance access to all types of patent information. I have long thought that electronic access should be more widespread and want to work with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) to ensure the effective implementation of statewide electronic accessibility of patent information in rural states and eventually in all areas to make it easier for inventors to study prior art and make further advances. This should be of particular benefit to Vermont, which last year established a patent and trademark depository library.  The Articles of Association of the Vermont Patent and Trademark Depository Library (Vermont PTDL) state that the library will ``create a vital educational and economic development resource that will provide all Vermonters with access to patent and trademark records and supporting research materials and reference services.'' At this time, however, all Vermonters do not, in a practical sense, have access to the wealth of resources at the Vermont PTDL. In fact, it can be as much as a four hour drive for certain Vermont citizens to drive to the Vermont PTDL at the University of Vermont's Bailey/Howe Library.  The intent of my amendment, which is cosponsored by Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah and Senator Gordon Smith of Oregon, is for the PTO to work with the people in the trenches currently operating the patent and trademark depository libraries to develop and implement the statewide computer networks with remote library sites; it only makes sense for the PTO to work with the people who most fully understand the needs of the constituents they currently serve and may serve in the future.  This legislation is timely, because the Senate is considering the United States Patent and Trademark Office Reauthorization Act, Fiscal Year 1999, H.R. 3723. As the lead Senate Democratic champion for H.R. 3723, I am hopeful that the Senate will pass this measure today so the PTO will not suffer a reduction in revenue for the current fiscal year. I am also committed to working with the PTO, now and in the future, as it ensures the effective implementation of statewide electronic accessibility of patent information in rural states.  I would like to pay a special thanks to Eric Benson, President of Vermont PTDL, former State representative Kerry Kurt, who was instrumental in the development of the Vermont PTDL, and everybody who serves on the Board of the Vermont PTDL. These Vermonters were the inspiration for my amendment, and they have worked hard to make the Vermont PTDL an asset of which all Vermonters can be proud.  