President, I am going to vote for this Supplemental Appropriations Conference Report because it contains important disaster relief funds for Vermont, which was hard hit by ice storms this winter. Vermont's maple syrup makers suffered devastating losses and these funds will help them recover.  But were it not for that I would vote against this Conference Report, and I want to take a moment to explain why and to express my regret and frustration about what has occurred here.  As senators will recall, the Senate passed by a vote of 84-16 funding for the International Monetary Fund as part of this Supplemental. That funding was strongly supported by Senator Stevens, the Chairman of the Appropriations Committee. It had overwhelming bipartisan support.  It reflected obvious alarm about the economic crisis in Asia, and the fact that a third of all American jobs are tied to exports and a third of those exports go to Asian markets.  Secretary Rubin made a strong case that the IMF funding is urgently needed to stem further weakening of the Asian economies.  So the IMF funding was an issue in the Conference Committee, but the House Republican conferees refused to recede to the Senate position. Apparently the House leadership had ordered them not to agree to the IMF funding because of its continuing dispute with the President over the completely unrelated issue of family planning.  Mr. President, it is outrageous that yet again we have a vitally important foreign policy matter being held hostage by the House in its seemingly endless and futile attempt to make political points over family planning.  The IMF funding has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with family planning. They are separate issues and should be decided on their merits, not used as political blackmail.  I mention this, Mr. President, because the American people, many of whose jobs depend on the stability of foreign markets, should understand exactly what is happening here.  This is not about the IMF, it is about politics. The House Republican leadership is playing games with the lives of American workers. What do they care? They know that whether or not the Asian economies recover or collapse, the House Republican leadership will have a job regardless. They are not the corn farmer in Iowa, or the manufacturer in Delaware.  Before they will agree to the IMF funding, the House Republican leadership wants the President to sign a law that prohibits US Government support for private organizations that use their own money to petition foreign governments on abortion. It would prohibit those organizations from even speaking on behalf of policies to make abortion safer in countries where it is legal.  And if the President does not agree, they would cut funding for family planning which prevents unwanted pregnancies and abortions by $44 million. It is the most illogical approach to an issue I have ever seen.  Mr. President, we are back to tactics of sabotage, of blackmail, of bringing the government to its knees to win political points. Apparently, as far as the House Republican leadership is concerned nothing matters anymore--not democracy, not the legislative process, and certainly not what is in the best interests of the country.  It is becoming increasingly clear that it is up to the Senate to prevent the Congress from becoming totally irresponsible.  