President, I want to commend the President of the United States on his budget submission to Congress. For the first time since 1971, a President has proposed a balanced budget. I hope and believe that this Congress will be the first in almost 30 years, since 1969, to enact a balanced budget without sacrificing our educational, environmental, health care and law enforcement priorities.  The President noted in his State of the Union speech last week, two historic pieces of legislation have reduced the deficit to the point where a balanced budget is now within our grasp: The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 and the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. I am proud to have voted for both of these historic laws.  When President Clinton took office, the deficit was at its highest point ever: $290 billion. But he decided to tackle the runaway deficits of previous administrations. In 1993, the Senate and House of Representatives passed President Clinton's economic plan by the slimmest of margins and without a single Republican vote.  That was a tough vote around here, but it was the right thing to do. I am proud that I voted for it. It reduced the deficit by 75 percent. Unfortunately, we were forced to make this historic deficit correction without the help of a single Republican vote in either the House or the Senate.  Last year, Democrats and Republicans together made additional deficit reduction progress by passing the bipartisan budget agreement to reach balance by 2002.  That package included net savings of more than $900 billion over the next ten years. It also secured and strengthened Medicare for our seniors and made the largest investment ever in education for our children.  Today, the deficit is at its lowest dollar figure since 1970--$5 billion--and at its lowest point as a percentage of the economy in 30 years. This past year, the Gross Domestic Product grew at its highest rate since 1988, unemployment fell to a 24-year low, and inflation dropped to levels last seen in the 1960s. Our economy is in the best shape in a generation in no small part because of these two historic deficit reduction measures.  I am most proud that the President and Congress can achieve a balanced budget this year without demeaning the fundamental charter of our democracy, the Constitution of the United States. The proposed constitutional amendment to require a so-called balanced budget did not reduce the deficit by a single dollar or move us one inch closer to achieving those goals. Rather, it was a political exercise serving only to delay and distract--a display in bumper sticker politics.  I hope the Senate will learn from this lesson and abandon such destructive efforts for illusionary quick-fixes by constitutional amendment for the rest of this session and into the future.  Instead, Congress working with the President can do the job today.  Hard choices and bipartisan cooperation are what is needed. We cannot legislate political courage and responsibility. No amendment to the Constitution can supply the people's representatives with these essential attributes.  Political courage has been an essential ingredient that has helped us achieve remarkable deficit reduction over the past six years. We have succeeded in reducing the deficit every year of the past six. We have cut the deficit by more than 98 percent in that time while pursuing sound economic and strong fiscal policies.  Now we need to stay the course and work in a bipartisan way to finally balance the budget. We should now be focusing our attention and energies on the strenuous tasks of building a working consensus on budget priorities and achieving agreement on how to balance the budget.  Within a balanced budget, we must reach consensus on strong support for education funding as one of our top priorities. As I watched my colleagues during the State of the Union address, I noticed that those with school-aged children cheered the loudest at the President's continuing commitment to keep education a national priority. A national commitment to education, however, is not just for the students and parents of today; it is for all of us.  Only a few decades ago, our students were taught that the countries blessed with the most natural resources held the keys to the highest standards of living and the most vibrant economic growth. Today, it is the countries that invest in their ``human capital'' that have the greatest success in the global economy.  I applaud the President for investing in our people by making a higher priority of education at all levels--from an expansion of Head Start, to access to affordable quality child care, to more teachers in the classroom, to literacy training, to lower fees for college students using loans.  The only way to keep our nation strong and successful in the global marketplace is through an educated workforce. To do this children must understand the basics, the three R's. We need to make sure that teachers are trained and have access to continuing training education. Only after this foundation is built will computers and other technologies in the classroom help students reach their full potential.  Technology in the classroom can be a great leveler. On the Internet students can see Michelangelo's work on ceiling of the Sistine Chapel in wonderful detail. Students in the United States can ``chat'' with students in Japan or South America or even their U.S. senator about their daily lives to better understand one another.  Another great leveler is to ensure that students of all abilities have access to quality education. To this end, I am committed to increasing federal funding for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). More than two decades ago the federal government made a commitment to local school districts to provide assistance in this funding, and the federal government has not lived up to its end of the bargain. I am disappointed that the budget did not include an increase for this program. I am committed to working with my colleagues as we move through the budget and appropriations process to remedy this shortfall.  I also find room for improvement with the Administration's proposal for Amtrak. Last year was a critical one for our national passenger railroad. Included in the Taxpayer's Relief Act was a one-time, $2.3 billion infusion of capital, intended to modernize Amtrak and enable it to reap sufficient revenues to become self-sufficient. Congress also passed a far-reaching Amtrak Reform Bill, which will refine the way Amtrak does business for the 21st Century, while making sure that its employees are fairly treated. I am disappointed that the Administration has proposed using a portion of these capital funds, instead, for Amtrak's day-to-day operating costs. This would undermine Amtrak's modernization plan and all of the hard work we did last year on these proposals. As always, I will work with my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to try to find ways to ensure that Amtrak receives the resources it needs.  Mr. President, on balance, the President has proposed a budget that reflects priorities that are good for the nation and that will find strong support by the American people. I am delighted that the President and Congress can achieve a balanced budget this year while serving the needs of the nation. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to enact the first balanced budget in a generation.  Mr. President, I see nobody else seeking recognition, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.  