President, let me go back to the basic reason we are debating this Compact today. This Compact is before the Senate today because we shifted the responsibility to manage low-level nuclear waste to the states almost a decade ago. Congress encouraged the states to enter into compacts to share this responsibility. Forty-one states have already followed our direction by entering into compacts very similar to the one we have before us today. With the expectation that Congress would ratify their compact, just like we have nine other times, the states of Texas, Vermont and Maine entered into this Compact.  That was more than four years ago. We have delayed this Compact long enough. The amendments that Senator Wellstone offered to the Compact when it passed the Senate earlier this year would delay implementation of this Compact even further. When the Conference Committee considered these amendments, we not only heard opposition to the amendments from the National Governors' Association and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, but also from each of the governors of Texas, Maine and Vermont.  Their letter urges Congress to pass the Compact without amendments. The letter makes it clear that the governors believe that the amendments would require re-ratification by the states and would undoubtedly lead to costly and time-consuming litigation. But their letter raises what I think is the most important question: what is our role in ratifying this Compact? Congress has passed nine other compacts without any amendments. In fact, we passed them by unanimous consent. So why is this Compact so different? Contrary to Senator Wellstone's statement, the Compact makes no mention of a site. Nowhere in this legislation will you find a mention of Sierra Blanca, Texas. The people of Texas will make a decision for themselves. The Compact will not.  We are not here to select the site for them. We are not here to write the Compact agreement for them. We are not here to decide how much waste should be deposited at the facility or where that waste should come from. The states have already made those decisions for themselves. As the governors pointed out, the Wellstone amendments would have been an ``infringement on state sovereignty.'' Itwould have been the first time Congress amended an original contract negotiated by the states. Inclusion of these amendments in the Compact would deny the states the right Congress gave them to make their own choices as to how to handle disposal of low-level nuclear waste.  The amendments offered to the Compact by Senator Wellstone were inappropriate. I can understand Senator Wellstone's concern that too many sources of pollution and waste facilities are targeted to minority and low-income areas, but one of his amendments would have created new opportunities for litigation that go far beyond the ``environmental justice'' guidance recently proposed by the Environmental Protection Agency. The amendment would also apply federal environmental justice standards to states for the first time. Congress should address the issue of environmental justice. But we should take the time to do it right, not through amendments to an agreement between three states that are following the lead of nine other similar agreements.  The second amendment attached by Senator Wellstone also expands the role of Congress in approving these compacts. This Compact is the result of years of negotiation among the three states and approved by the legislatures of those states. Senator Wellstone argues that his amendment would give Texas protection from having to accept waste from states other than Maine and Vermont. However, the Compact already gives Texas the majority vote in deciding if and from whom additional waste may come. This amendment is unnecessary and would only lead to further delay of the Compact since it will likely require re-ratification by the member states. In fact, under the Wellstone amendment, Texas may be more open to accepting waste from other states because it would not have the protection of the exclusionary provisions of the Compact.  The States of Texas, Maine and Vermont have done their job. They have negotiated a compact among them to provide for the responsible disposal of low-level radioactive waste and submitted it to this body as required under Federal statute, for the consent of the Congress. Now, we need to do our job. Those Senators who support the basic premise that we agreed to in 1980, that states should have the responsibility to dispose of their waste, should vote for this bill. It is the responsibility of Congress to follow through on the direction we gave to states in 1980 and ratify this Compact.  