President, I have the pleasure of joining Senator Jeffords to rise in support of the renewable energy programs within the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. First, I would like to thank Senator Domenici for accepting the Jeffords/Roth amendment to increase funding for these vital programs. With the dramatic changes taking place in the energy sector, our nation is faced with many opportunities to increase our consumption of renewable energy sources. There are two trends in the energy sector converging to make this change possible--utility restructuring and decreasing costs for renewable energy.  In my home State of Vermont, renewable technology companies are building wind turbines that are used in Europe, the Far East and South America. Unfortunately, the United States is behind much of the world in adopting wind and other renewable energy technology. Much more work needs to be done to spur the utilization of renewable energy. Although the cost of renewable energy has decreased significantly over the last decade, it still must compete against the artificially low cost of fossil energy. As we see the level of mercury and other heavy metals increase in our lakes while the views of our mountains are obscured by air pollutants--the need to find alternative sources of energy becomes all the more vivid.  Recent articles have highlighted the public's interest in maintaining renewable power as an option for meeting their energy needs. The last two decades have witnessed a decline in the cost of renewable energy. Research by the Energy Department and the commitment of private energy companies has produced this decline. As a nation, we must build upon this partnership and encourage the private sector to continue to develop cost-reducing technology. Unfortunately, the recent trend in federal research funding has not supported this partnership.  Wind Energy Research and development program has been extraordinarily successful in bringing down the cost of wind-generated electricity. To allow expansion of this large resource base, and to allow wind energy to be competitive in an era of utility restructuring that emphasizes low initial cost and independent power projects, significant improvements to the technology are still needed to reach the Program's goal of 2.5 cents per kilowatt by 2000. In addition, research and analysis relating to restructuring in the electric utility industry should be conducted on issues associated with integration of wind and other renewable energy systems into an increasingly competitive industry framework.  Vermont is also leading the country in the deployment of biomass technology--both large and small. We are proud that the Department of Energy selected the McNeil Plant in Burlington to conduct a full scale demonstration of biomass gasification. In February, the project made history when the plant produced gas for fuel from wood chips. The effort at McNeil to demonstrate how our country can produce energy from renewable crops makes sense to Vermonters who have already embraced biomass as a renewable source of energy. Twenty State office buildings and eighteen schools use biomass for heat during the winter.  By increasing funding for renewable energy by $65 million, the Jeffords/Roth amendment will help us make this leap. Mr. President, this amendment makes sense for our future and our children's future. Our children should be able to enjoy sustainable, clean and renewable energy.  