President. I assure my friend from Delaware, I will not utilize all that time. I yield myself such time as I require within those constraints.  Mr. President, when the Senate passed its version of the State authorization bill last year, it contained no reference at all to international family planning or the Mexico City policy, which, as we know, restricts U.S. Government funds to private family planning organizations. The reason for that was obvious. Family planning has nothing to do with the State authorization bill.  This bill is about how many Assistant Secretaries of State there will be, the bureaus, how they are set up, and so on. It is not about running Planned Parenthood.  The House saw things differently. Unfortunately, a minority in the House saw yet another opportunity to hold hostage important foreign policy legislation, and they did, like funding for the United Nations and the reorganization of the State Department. In doing so, they sought to force the President to embrace a discredited family planning policy he has repeatedly and publicly rejected.  For some reason, the House seems to think that sending it down to the White House to get a certain veto represents some kind of victory, when all it does is guarantee that we will revisit this issue again and again and again.  When I came to the Senate, we had members of both parties who tried to represent the United States in the best way possible. They would join in a bipartisan agreement on foreign policy, to act in ways that would make the United States as strong as possible.  Somehow, in the past few years, we have some who seek to make political points or fill out forms on fundraising letters, or whatever, and they distort the foreign policy of the United States for their own short-term political gain. It is almost as though, with their ego, they feel that whatever their issue is all that matters, and the foreign policy of the United States can be thrown overboard. They are going to make their point, they are going to send out their fundraising letters, they are going to recruit their supporters based on how they might distort the foreign policy of the United States, and they could care less of the consequences. I will give you an example.  An agreement was reached last year with the Republican leadership and the Democratic leadership of the House and the Senate and the President of the United States that we would pay the dues that we owe under law and under treaty and under agreement to the United Nations. It is money we agreed to pay, are legally obligated to pay, and have not paid.  Then, on the very day that the United States was asking the Security Council of the United Nations to stand solidly with us on the question of sanctions on Iraq, on the very day that the United States was asking a disparate group in the Security Council to agree with us against Saddam Hussein and his refusal to comply with his obligations under the Security Council resolutions, on that same day the Republican leadership of the House of Representatives broke its word--broke its word to the President, broke its word to the United Nations, broke its word to the American people, broke its word to the Congress--and killed the bill to pay our dues to the United Nations.  And why? Because a handful of people in the House of Representatives wanted to include the so-called Mexico City language that did not have the support of even a majority of the Senate not to mention enough votes to override a veto, and which the President had made unequivocally clear he would veto.  The U.S. Congress should have the honesty and the maturity to put the interests of the country ahead of the individual political interests of Members. We are asked to do this often as we should be. There has to be some reason for serving here other than sending out fundraising letters or making political points. Maybe it seems novel to some, but I come from the old school and we Vermonters feel that the country comes first.  Mr. President, it would be one thing if the only problem with the Mexico City policy were that it is totally nongermane to this bill, which it is, but itis a lot worse than that. It is anti-family planning, anti-free speech, anti-women, anti-children, and flies in the face of the very democratic principles we are encouraging other countries to adopt. It is among the most illogical and misguided approaches to an issue I have seen in my time here.  What the House has done is send us a conference report that we have no opportunity to amend, which contains a controversial provision that was not in the Senate version, that was never voted on by the Senate, that is certain to be vetoed and which, despite repeated attempts, has not won a majority of votes in the Senate for over a decade.  Mr. President, we could simply voice vote this conference report and let the President veto it, but that would resolve nothing since the proponents of the Mexico City policy would simply play the same game with the IMF supplemental, and if that failed, with the other appropriations bills. I am waiting for them to put it on a bill dealing with highways or national forests or agricultural research or some other thing. The rules are irrelevant to them. Logic is irrelevant to them. Good sense is irrelevant to them. And the interests of the country are apparently irrelevant.  The only way we are going to put a stop to these antics is for the Senate to reject the Mexico City policy altogether, for the Senate to stand up and say, ``We will not play these games.'' We will be the Nation's conscience.  I am among those who believe we should pay our debts to the United Nations. If the United States gives its word that it is going to do something, then we should do it. We bring our children up that way. We tell them if they give their word, they ought to keep their word. Well, we are the ones who are the keepers of the word of the United States. When the United States gives its word, we ought to be honest enough to back it up.  The United Nations is helping solve global problems that we could not possibly solve by ourselves, even though they are problems that affect the United States of America. Unfortunately, the amount authorized here falls far short of what we owe, and it is encumbered with too many restrictions.  Others, including the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, want to reorganize the State Department. But if we pass this conference report with the Mexico City language, there will be no State reorganization because it will be vetoed and it will be held hostage by the House indefinitely.  So the Senator from Vermont believes there is only one option: Defeat it, and send it back to the House. There are no guarantees, but that is our best hope of getting the Mexico City policy stricken from this bill so the President can sign it.  Before I discuss what this version of the Mexico City policy would do, let me remind all Senators what should be common knowledge. United States law explicitly prohibits the use of U.S. Government funds to pay for abortion or to lobby for abortion. That has been the law for years. You wouldn't know it to hear some of the proponents of the Mexico City policy talk. But that is the law. We have passed it time and time again. We have all voted for that. In fact, the last time I believe was about 6 months ago.  We will have our next opportunity to vote to reaffirm that prohibition on the Foreign Operations bill in a couple of months. No one needs to worry about where they stand on that.  So when the proponents of the House Mexico City language say it is needed to ensure that taxpayer funds are not used for abortion, they conveniently forget to mention that our law already prohibits that. I remember the ``Saturday Night Live'' character Dana Carvey, who would say, ``Isn't that convenient.'' Well, for them it is convenient.  Because what they really want to do is prohibit funding for private organizations that use their own funds for abortion even where abortion is legal. In fact, the version that is in this conference report goes even further. It would prohibit those private organizations from even speaking about abortion.  Now, can't you imagine how we would all react if the Parliament or the Congress or ruling committee of any other country passed a law, and standing up they would say, ``In this law, no private organization in the United States can speak on a particular issue.'' Lord love us all, Mr. President, there would be such a flood of Senators and House Members to come down and say, ``How dare they, How dare they, in that''--and fill in the blank of whatever country it is--``How dare they tell the United States what to say or people in the United States what they can say.''  Yet that is what the House would have us do. We would laugh them out of the Chamber because it would so obviously violate our first amendment. But we have some in the other body who do not believe that private organizations, even American organizations, have the right of free speech outside our country.  I was going to say that they should reread our history, but it is apparent that I presume too much. They should simply read it. Do we really want to go down this road? This isn't a Democratic issue or a Republican issue; it is a free speech issue. It is about the right of people to voice their opinions as representatives of private organizations where it is legal to do so. It is shameful for the U.S. Congress, which the world looks to as a beacon of free speech and democracy, to even think of curtailing that right. And yet the House would have us do that in countries that are struggling to become more democratic and more free.  What kind of an example is that? How can the same people stand up and say, we stand for the principles of America, except in those instances where they conflict with whatever our political agenda is and then we are willing to trample on them?  What is described innocently as a lobby ban is in fact a gag rule that flies in the face of efforts to reduce unsafe abortion worldwide. Private organizations receiving U.S. funds would be prohibited from even calling attention to defects in legal abortion laws. They would be prohibited from trying to make abortion safer and reduce the number of women worldwide--hundreds of thousands of women--who die from unsafe abortions. Why on Earth would we want to do that?  Members of the House argue they have made a difficult concession by allowing the President to waive one of the restrictions. Either they are joking or they assume we do not bother to read what we are voting on. They fail to mention that if the President exercises the waiver, which they fully expect him to do, scarce family planning funds would be cut an additional $44 million in this year alone, meaning a $224 million cut from the 1995 level.  What would be the consequence? Millions of women who might otherwise receive access to family planning would become pregnant, and there would be millions of abortions that otherwise would have been prevented. The evidence that voluntary family planning reduces unwarranted pregnancies and abortions is beyond dispute. It can be seen in every country in the world. The irony is that the provisions sent to us by the other body would result in more abortions, not fewer, because it would sharply cut funding for family planning.  Now, let us be honest. They say they don't want abortions. That is fine. I respect that. Who wants abortions? I wish there would never be another one. But you don't accomplish that by cutting money for family planning. It is so logical. If you have good family planning the number of unwanted pregnancies goes down and the number of abortions goes down. You can't say, ``We don't want you to have abortions but we also don't want you to have contraceptives.'' Be honest. That is what it comes down to.  Studies done in the United States show that the use of family planning reduces the probability of a woman having an abortion by a staggering 85 percent. In Russia, the average woman had seven abortions in her life, but since AID began providing modern contraceptives to Russia the number of abortions has gone way down and continues to go down.  In Kazakhstan, AID support for family planning clinics led to a 59 percent increase in contraceptive use and a 41 percent decrease in abortion among women served by the clinics. There have been similar declines of abortionswhen contraceptives were made available from Latin America to eastern Europe. In one of the poorest countries, Bangladesh, where abortion is prohibited, education about contraceptives and alternatives to abortion has contributed to a significant reduction in fertility rates over the past 10 years. Even in Bangladesh, where abortion is illegal, 50,000 women are hospitalized each year because of complications from illegal, unsafe abortions. Family planning funding will help reduce those numbers. These are women's lives that are saved. Why do the people who support the Mexico City language not care about them? Is it because they live in a different country?  Another argument they make is that although U.S. funds are not spent on abortion they free up other funds that are spent on abortion. The old ``money is fungible'' argument. Do they really want to go down that road? Do they really want to say we cannot send aid to countries because they might use some of that aid on abortion because abortion is legal there? Does that mean that because abortion is legal in Israel--we give aid to Israel, it is deposited in the Israeli Treasury--that we should shut off U.S. aid to Israel because other Israeli Government funds are used for abortion? Whoops, not going to do that, and I am not suggesting we should. Obviously, we are not going to cut aid to Israel because the Israeli Government supports abortion. But why should the rules be different for private citizens? If anything, they should have more protection to speak freely. They are not a government. They ought to be able to speak freely.  Should we stop funding nuclear safety programs in Russia because abortion is legal there and abortions are provided at government hospitals? Should we say that we will put at risk the lives of Americans for a nuclear accident and cut off funds for nuclear safety programs in Russia because they won't make abortion illegal? Maybe we should cut off aid to any State in the United States because abortion is legal. That would be all 50 States.  Of all things, family planning is something we should support. Unlike nuclear safety, it does help reduce the number of abortions. Yet the Mexico City policy would prevent us from supporting private family planning organizations. Crazy, absolutely crazy.  Mr. President, whether you are pro-choice or pro-life, you should oppose the Mexico City policy. One of my best friends in the U.S. Senate, a man I admire greatly, a man who was a mentor to me when I first came to the Senate, served as chairman of our Senate Appropriations Committee, is now retired, the former distinguished senior Senator from Oregon, Senator Hatfield. He is strongly pro-life. I greatly respected Senator Mark Hatfield for that. I greatly respected him for a lot of things because I felt he was a man who always followed his conscience. He opposed the Mexico City policy not because he is pro-abortion, he was adamantly the other way, but because he said if you have family planning, especially with the U.S. prohibition against using it for abortion--if you have family planning the number of abortions will go down. He knew from the hearings we had in the Appropriations.  Voting for the Mexico City policy may make for a good press release, but it would cut funding for family planning. It would increase the number of abortions. We should reject this attempt to push this misguided policy down our throats. We should send the bill back to the House.  Mr. President, before I yield the floor I want to say a final word about the tactics used here. These are vitally important foreign policy programs, but this is the second time in 6 months that the House has used this type of blackmail. This is the second time in 6 months a small group in the House has pushed their political agenda no matter how much damage it might do to the integrity and the word of the United States worldwide--last year, it was the IMF and U.N. funding; this year it is the U.N. funding and they are threatening again to block funding for the IMF. If that fails, it would be funding for disaster relief in Vermont or California or Minnesota, Oregon, or anywhere else.  And all because they do not have the votes to override a veto of the Mexico City policy. Whatever happened to democracy, to the legislative process? Instead, we have a handful who prefer gridlock and blackmail. They shut down the Government first and now this. If it were up to them they would hold hostage billions of dollars for these economic and security programs indefinitely. No wonder the Congress is seen by so many Americans as an embarrassment.  Mr. President, I have been proud to serve in the U.S. Senate for almost 24 years. I am proud that the people of Vermont have sent me to this body. In our over 200-year history, I am the only member of my party to ever serve in the U.S. Senate. But the other party sent great, great leaders that I revere and admire, people I try to emulate. The Senators from Vermont have always felt that the integrity of the United States must be protected, that the United States, when it gives its word, must stand by it. The first Ambassador to the United Nations was a Vermonter who gave up his seat in the U.S. Senate to be appointed to that post, to again stand up and say that when the United States gives its word, it keeps it.  I hope that some--mostly in the other body, and maybe some in this body--will step back and say, let us worry less about our own political lives and our own political future, for whatever short moment that may be, and think in the long term for our country. None of us owns a seat in the U.S. Senate; I don't, the distinguished Presiding Officer doesn't, none of us do. It is the same in the other body. We are privileged and honored to represent our States for the time that we are here. Most of us do it with a great deal of care and in the interest of our State and our country. I know my friends who are on the floor here at this moment are all people who fall into that category.  But there are always times when we have to say that the political interests we may have individually are greatly outweighed by the interests of the United States of America, because we will come and go, the country will remain, and the country can either be weakened or strengthened by what we do. This is a time when we ought to stand up and fulfill the obligations of the United States, fulfill our high standards, and keep our word. So in this case, I hope that this conference report is defeated.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  