If we could wait just one more moment for him to come back?  But while we are waiting for Senator Hatch to come back, let me just take a moment to offer what is really an example of the profits this bill will give to developers and the downfall it will be to homeowner rights.  One thing I heard from every mayor and local official about this bill is the fear of battles with large corporate developers with deep pockets. Instead of waging these battles, most mayors concede they will probably settle the cases and give in to the developers. It will be a field day for land speculators who buy land zoned for, let's say, farming and then sue in Federal court to have the land rezoned for commercial or residential purposes, because now they suddenly change their mind the day after buying it and say they no longer want to be farmers; they just want to make millions as developers.  One Senate staffer who works on this issue came across a timely example. He was visiting his boyhood hometown in Cortland County, NY, over the Fourth of July weekend. He told me about a pertinent situation.  A farm adjacent to about 25 homes on a small lake, Little York Lake, was recently sold for $2,000 per acre for a total of $65,000. A speculator bought the land which he wants to now sell for $30,000 per acre to make a quick profit of around $1 million. To do that, he has to evade local zoning and health requirements. The speculator knows the land, sold as farmland, is worth about $2,000 per acre. But if you sell it for residential or business development, it could be worth 15 times more. But, of course, it would greatly reduce the property values of neighboring homeowners living in the community. They would be hurt by it, but one speculator would benefit if he is able to change the rules.  The persons who sold the land to the speculator might have wished they had thought about just avoiding local land-use regulations. They could have made a whole lot of money if they did it themselves, but they didn't want to. They wanted to obey the rules.  This bill would allow the speculator to get into Federal court. It would certainly be futile for him to apply forconstruction permits for business, since the land is not zoned for that use. So why bother to work with the local governing body? Why bother to find a solution that might be acceptable to everybody? Instead, under the bill he could just sue them for taking the hoped-for profits or have his attorney make them change their zoning requirements. Incidentally, the land is located on the aquifer that provides the water for the community.  Well, Madam President, I don't want to see this example replicated across the country. Fighting for the Department of Agriculture programs to help conserve our Nation's farmland, I don't want to say we passed S. 2271, which throws that out.  Madam President, I understand that Senator Hatch has said if I want to yield time to the Senator from Louisiana--how much time would my friend like?  