It was, as the Senator from Delaware will recall, a matter of some debate, both in the committee and on the floor. As I recall, in some of the conference committees we went to 4 o'clock and 5 o'clock in the morning several times, discussing the issue of prevention.  I believe the Senator from Delaware will recall, as I do, the number of police officers and police officials who came to us and said stay with prevention programs.  In many ways, it just makes such great sense. As a former prosecutor, I remember that it was always the prevention programs that worked the best. So I ask the Senator from Delaware, does he not agree with what the President of the National Sheriffs Association says, in an open letter?  After he speaks of the problems of juvenile crime, the President of the National Sheriffs Association says:       So what is the answer? We must adopt a three-pronged      approach to juvenile violence--prevention, intervention and      enforcement. These recent statistics indicate the need for a      comprehensive prevention strategy that includes education and      community involvement, and addresses the root causes of      delinquency. We can no longer afford to focus only on      treating the symptoms while ignoring the disease. Sheriffs      offices, through prevention programs . . . [the letter lists      a number of them] can make a difference in the lives of      children who still have a choice ahead of them as to whether      or not to try drugs, join a gang, steal a car, or otherwise      start on the slippery slope of a life of crime.  Wouldn't the Senator from Delaware agree with the head of the National Sheriffs Association and me and so many others who say keep these prevention programs going, do not take money away from the prevention programs, but accept the fact that they are now beginning to work and work very well? This is not the time to cut them off. This is not the time to change these prevention programs into some kind of a block grant program that would not be aimed at prevention. Would not my friend from Delaware agree with that?  