President, what is troubling to me, I have been approached by law enforcement officers within our FBI who speak about being concerned that they may be assigned to the special prosecutor's office because they are going to be asked to look into things they normally never would have looked into as law enforcement officers; that there is a reputation that this special prosecutor's office has of an overconcentration on private sexual conduct of people--and not just the President but others as well--that they are going to be asked to look at things that as trained professional law enforcement people they usually do not look at.  I have also been approached by Secret Service agents who talked to me about the fact that they have been called upon to protect foreign dignitaries and others and now ask, are they going to be in a situation where they don't dare come close because they may overhear something of personal conduct and may then be called upon to testify to it? Do they have to worry that in carrying out their own duties they may find themselves bankrupted paying lawyer fees later on? This is a matter of some concern. I hope the feelings of these people are not widespread, but they may well be.  I have supported the independent counsel statute in the past, but never before have I been so disturbed by the tactics, judgment, and, at minimum, the appearance of partisanship by an independent counsel as I have by those of Mr. Starr and his staff. At a time when we need an independent counsel with the confidence of the American people, we do not have one.  For example, although a highly respected independent counsel, Robert Fiske, had concluded that Vincent Foster's death was a result of suicide, Mr. Starr, prodded by Richard Mellon Scaife and other right-wing activists, reopened that investigation. He spent years doing it. He spent millions of dollars of taxpayers' money doing it. He dragged the Foster family and friends through that experience again. He made people again have to hire lawyers. Then what happens? He reaches exactly the same conclusion that Mr. Fiske did before, but doing the bidding of someone else.  Mr. Starr publicly justifies his rush to secretly tape Monica Lewinsky to expand his Whitewater land deal investigation because a close friend of the President helped her find a job. If the source of job offers can prove influence, then Kenneth Starr is in deep trouble and probably he should consider resigning. Just 1 year ago, Mr. Starr accepted a job offer for a teaching position funded largely by Mr. Scaife, the same well-known conservative publisher and financier who thought that the Foster case should be reopened, who has helped publicize allegations of wrongdoing by the President. Who knows what the status of that job offer is now?  In order for people to have confidence in the results of an investigation, that investigation must be nonpartisan and perceived to be nonpartisan. That is not the case when it comes to Mr. Starr. My friend from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, as a former prosecutor, fully appreciates that principle as well. I understand he, too, has questioned the wisdom of having Mr. Starr head an investigation into the alleged affair since his activities have raised such an appearance of partisanship. I again urge Mr. Starr to do what is in the interests of the country and to consider whether his judgment has been so affected, whether he is now so driven to achieve a result, that he should reconsider his own role in the process.  The Senator from Vermont must conclude that Prosecutor Starr has not used his power responsibly and has failed his duty. Kenneth Starr is not the impartial, neutral and independent prosecutor the American people need now and the President, as would any American, deserves.  I predicted that his investigation may mark the death knell of the independent counsel statute. Before it is reauthorized, we ought to take a hard look at safeguards and accountability here. To have a nation on the brink of war preoccupied with affairs of the bedroom rather than of state is an abomination. More time has been spent on weekend talk shows talking about a White House intern than on the President's decision whether to use force against Iraq.  The good news is that while the rest of the country may be distracted by whom Mr. Starr will next drag before his grand jury, the President and his administration are properly focused on speaking to the American people about the circumstances that brought us to the brink of battle. The administration's preparations for battle surely helped bring about the proposed agreement the United Nation's Secretary General Kofi Annan has reached with Iraqi officials, and I remain hopeful that diplomacy, backed by the commitment to use force, will result in a peaceful resolution of this standoff. I look forward to reviewing the details of that agreement.  Mr. President, I thank my colleagues for their forbearance, and I yield the floor.  