President, I appreciate the efforts of the chairman of the Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee, Senator Lugar and the Ranking Member, Senator Harkin, on the research conference report.  I want to highlight that over 70 Senators--including myself--signed a letter to the majority leader urging him to give us an opportunity to vote onthis conference report as soon as possible.  The conference agreements we worked out represent a very good package with four major components: crop insurance funding, agricultural research funding, rural development initiatives and food stamp assistance for legal immigrants.  I know that farmers who need crop insurance are very worried--and with good reason--that crop insurance policies will be canceled if this report does not pass.  I know that the agricultural research community, with its Land Grant University system, very strongly supports this research funding so that America can be more competitive in world markets.  In addition to benefiting farmers and the agricultural research community, the report benefits all rural residents thorough its rural development programs.  Sometimes it is forgotten that most rural Americans are not farmers--this effort benefits both farmers and other rural Americans.  I also want to speak briefly on the food stamp changes. The food stamp changes simply restore benefits for certain level immigrants. The changes are modeled on last year's Balanced Budget Act that restored eligibility for SSI and Medicaid to some legal immigrants.  For example, the conference report would apply the provisions in the Balance Budget Act--that extended benefits from 5 years, to 7 years, for refugees and asylum seekers for SSI and Medicaid--to the food stamp program.  The 1996 welfare law made an exception for these types of refugees because they typically come to this country with very little after escaping persecution abroad. They often have no sponsors.  In the past many of them fought along with U.S. troops against our common enemies. Some may have escaped from enemy prisoner of war camps.  That 5-year limit proved unrealistic because of long backlogs at the INS. In a number of INS offices, these backlogs exceeded two years. If the eligibility of these refugees ended after five years in the country, they could be left without recourse while their applications to naturalize were in the INS ``pipeline.''  The extension of eligibility for SSI and Medicaid to allow them to receive benefits during their first seven years in this country was not controversial last year: it was included in all major Republican and Democratic proposals for legal immigrants.  It should not be controversial this year.  It should be noted that this provision does not assure that these refugees will receive benefits for two more years--they still have to be otherwise eligible for food stamps.  Refugees and asylum seekers still would have to meet the same criteria that all other people have to meet to qualify for benefits.  By conforming food stamp rules to those already adopted for Medicaid last summer, the Agricultural Research Conference Report would avoid imposing multiple inconsistent eligibility rules on state and local agencies that administer both programs.  I urge my colleagues to support Senator Lugar and Senator Harkin in their efforts to get the agricultural research conference report passed as quickly as possible. America's rural areas, its farmers and the research community are eagerly awaiting passage of this report.  