President, I am delighted that the Senate will pass the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998, S. 2022, sending it to the President for his signature into law.  I am proud to join Senator DeWine in supporting our bipartisan legislation to authorize comprehensive Department of Justice grants to every state for criminal justice identification, information and communications technologies and systems. I applaud the Senator from Ohio, Senator DeWine, for his leadership. I also commend the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the Democratic Leader for their strong support of the Crime Identification Technology Act.  I know from my experience in law enforcement in Vermont over the last 30 years that access to quality, accurate information in a timely fashion is of vital importance. As we prepare to enter the 21st Century, we must provide our state and local law enforcement officers with the resources to develop the latest technological tools and communications systems to solve and prevent crime. I believe this bill accomplishes that goal.  The Crime Identification Technology Act authorizes $250 million for each of the next five years in grants to states for crime information and identification systems. The Attorney General is directed to make grants to each state to be used in conjunction with units of local government, and other states, to use information and identification technologies and systems to upgrade criminal history and criminal justice record systems.  Grants made under our legislation may include programs to establish, develop, update or upgrade----  State, centralized, automated criminal history record information systems, including arrest and disposition reporting;  Automated fingerprint identification systems that are compatible with the Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System (IAFIS) of the Federal Bureau of Investigation;  Finger imaging, live scan and other automated systems to digitize fingerprints and to communicate prints in a manner that is compatible with systems operated by states and the Federal Bureau of Investigation;  Systems to facilitate full participation in the Interstate Identification Index (III);  Programs and systems to facilitate full participation in the Interstate Identification Index National Crime Prevention and Privacy Compact;  Systems to facilitate full participation in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) for firearms eligibility determinations;  Integrated criminal justice information systems to manage and communicate criminal justice information among law enforcement, courts, prosecution, and corrections;  Non-criminal history record information systems relevant to firearms eligibility determinations for availability and accessibility to the NICs;  Court-based criminal justice information systems to promote reporting of dispositions to central state repositories and to the FBI and to promote the compatibility with, and integration of, court systems with other criminal justice information systems;  Ballistics identification programs that are compatible and integrated with the ballistics programs of the National Integrated Ballistics Network (NIBN);  Information, identification and communications programs for forensic purposes;  DNA programs for forensic and identification purposes; Sexual offender identification and registration systems; Domestic violence offender identification and information systems;  Programs for fingerprint-supported background checks for non-criminal justice purposes including youth service employees and volunteers and other individuals in positions of trust, if authorized by federal or state law and administered by a government agency;  Criminal justice information systems with a capacity to provide statistical and research products including incident-based reporting systems and uniform crime reports;  Online and other state-of-the-art communications technologies and programs; and  Multi-agency, multi-jurisdictional communications systems to share routine and emergency information among federal, state and local law enforcement agencies.  Let me just give a couple of examples from my home State of Vermont that illustrate how our comprehensive legislation will aid state and local law enforcement agencies across the country.  The future of law enforcement must focus on working together to harness the power of today's information age to prevent crime and catch criminals. One way to work together is for State and local law enforcement agencies to band together to create efficiencies of scale. For example, together with New Hampshire and Maine, the State of Vermont has pooled its resources together to build a tri-State IAFIS system to identify fingerprints. Our bipartisan legislation would foster these partnerships by allowing groups of States to apply together for grants.  Another challenge for law enforcement agencies across the country is communication difficulties between Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials. In a recent report, the Department of Justice's National Institute of Justice concluded that law enforcement agencies throughout the Nation lack adequate communications systems to respond to crimes that cross State and local jurisdictions.  A 1997 incident along the Vermont and New Hampshire border underscored this problem. During a cross border shooting spree that left four people dead including two New Hampshire State Troopers, Vermont and New Hampshire officers were forced to park two police cruisers next to one another to coordinate activities between Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers because the two States' police radios could not communicate with one another.  The Vermont Department of Public Safety, the Vermont U.S. Attorney's Office and others have reacted to these communication problems by developing the Northern Lights proposal. This project will allow the northern borders States of Vermont, New York, New Hampshire, and Maine to integrate their law enforcement communications systems to better coordinate interdiction efforts and share intelligence data seamlessly.  Our legislation would provide grants for the development of integrated Federal, State, and local law enforcement communications systems to foster cutting edge efforts like the Northern Lights project.  In addition, our bipartisan legislation will help each of our States meet its obligations under national anti-crime initiatives. For instance, the FBI will soon bring online NCIC 2000 and IAFIS which will require States to update their criminal justice systems for the country to benefit. States are also being asked to participate in several other national programs such as sexual offender registries, national domestic violence legislation, Brady Act, and National Child Protection Act.  Currently, there are no comprehensive programs to support these national crime-fighting systems. Our legislation will fill this void by helping each State meet its obligations under these Federal laws.  The Crime Identification Technology Act provides a helping hand without the heavy hand of a top-down, Washington-knows-best approach. Unfortunately, some in Congress have pushed legislation mandating minute detailchanges that States must make in their laws to qualify for Federal funds. Our bill rejects this approach. Instead, we provide the States with Federal support to improve their criminal justice identification, information and communication systems without prescriping new Federal mandates.  Mr. President, I am also pleased we are passing, as title II of this bill, the Federal-State ``III'' Compact for exchange of criminal history records for noncriminal justice purposes. This Compact is the product of a decade-long effort by federal and state law enforcement officials to establish a legal framework for the exchange of criminal history records for authorized noncriminal justice purposes, such as security clearances, employment or licensing background checks.  Since 1924, the FBI has collected and maintained duplicate state and local fingerprint cards, along with arrest and disposition records. Today, the FBI has over 200 million fingerprint cards in its system. These FBI records are accessible to authorized government entities for both criminal and authorized noncriminal justice purposes.  Maintaining duplicate files at the FBI is costly and leads to inaccuracies in the criminal history records, since follow-up disposition information from the States is often incomplete. Such a large central database of routinely incomplete criminal history records raises significant privacy concerns.  In addition, the FBI releases these records for noncriminal justice purposes (as authorized by Federal law), to State agencies upon request, even if the State from which the records originated or the receiving State more narrowly restricts the dissemination of such records for noncriminal justice purposes.  The Compact is an effort to get the FBI out of the business of holding a duplicate copy of every State and local criminal history record, and instead to keep those records at the State level. Once fully implemented, the FBI will only need to hold the Interstate Identification Index (III), consisting of the national fingerprint file and a pointer index to direct the requestor to the correct State records repository. The Compact would eliminate the necessity for duplicate records at the FBI for those States participating in the Compact.  Eventually, when all the States become full participants in the Compact, the FBI's centralized files of state offender records will be discontinued and users of such records will obtain those records from the appropriate State's central repository (or from the FBI if the offender has a Federal record).  The Compact would establish both a framework for this cooperative exchange of criminal history records for noncriminal justice purposes, and create a Compact Council with representatives from the FBI and the States to monitor system operations and issue necessary rules and procedures for the integrity and accuracy of the records and compliance with privacy standards. Importantly, this Compact would not in any way expand or diminish noncriminal justice purposes for which criminal history records may be used under existing State or Federal law.  Overall, I believe that the Compact would increase the accuracy, completeness and privacy protection for criminal history records.  In addition, the Compact would result in important cost savings from establishing a decentralized system. Under the system envisioned by the Compact, the FBI would hold only an ``index and pointer'' to the records maintained at the originating State. The FBI would no longer have to maintain duplicate State records. Moreover, States would no longer have the burden and costs of submitting arrest fingerprints and charge/disposition data to the FBI for all arrests. Instead, the State would only have to submit to the FBI the fingerprints and textual identification data for a person's first arrest.  With this system, criminal history records would be more up-to-date, or complete, because a decentralized system will keep the records closer to their point of origin in State repositories, eliminating the need for the States to keep sending updated disposition information to the FBI. To ensure further accuracy, the Compact would require requests for criminal history checks for noncriminal justice purposes to be submitted with fingerprints or some other form of positive identification, to avoid mistaken release of records.  Furthermore, under the Compact, the newly-created Council must establish procedures to require that the most current records are requested and that when a new need arises, a new record check is conducted.  Significantly, the newly-created Council must establish privacy enhancing procedures to ensure that requested criminal history records are only used by authorized officials for authorized purposes. Furthermore, the Compact makes clear that only the FBI and authorized representatives from the State repository may have direct access to the FBI index.  The Council must also ensure that only legally appropriate information is released and, specifically, that record entries that may not be used for noncriminal justice purposes are deleted from the response.  Thus, while the Compact would require the release of arrest records to a requesting State, the Compact would also ensure that if disposition records are available that the complete record be released. Also, the Compact would require States receiving records under the Compact to ensure that the records are disseminated in compliance with the authorized uses in that State. Consequently, under the Compact, a State that receives arrest-only information would have to give effect to disposition-only policies in that State and not release that information for noncriminal justice purposes. Thus, in my view, the impact of the Compact for the privacy and accuracy of the records would be positive.  I am pleased to have joined with Senators Hatch and DeWine to make a number of refinements to the Compact as transmitted by to us by the Administration. Specifically, we have worked to clarify that (1) the work of the Council includes establishing standards to protect the privacy of the records; (2) sealed criminal history records are not covered or subject to release for noncriminal justice purposes under the Compact; (3) the meetings of the Council are open to the public, and (4) the Council's decisions, rules and procedures are available for public inspection and copying and published in the Federal Register.  Commissioner Walton of the Vermont Department of Public Safety supports this Compact. He hopes that passage of the Compact will encourage Vermont to become a full participant in III for both criminal and noncriminal justice purposes, so that Vermont can ``reap the benefits of cost savings and improved data quality.'' The Compact is also strongly supported by the FBI and SEARCH.  We all have an interest in making sure that the criminal history records maintained by our law enforcement agencies at the local, State and Federal levels, are complete, accurate and accessible only to authorized personnel for legally authorized purposes. This Compact is a significant step in the process of achieving that goal.  I know that the Justice Department, under Attorney General Reno's leadership, has made it a priority to modernize and automate criminal history records. Our legislation will continue that leadership by providing each State with the necessary resources to continue to make important efforts to bring their criminal justice systems up to date.  Mr. President, the Crime Identification Technology Act will ensure that each State has the resources to capture the power of emerging information, communications and record-keeping technologies to serve and protect all of our citizens.  