 We continue to hear what an improvement we have in the new bill, S. 2271, as compared to H.R. 1534. Maybe it is, but maybe it isn't an improved bill. I don't believe it is an improved bill but it is a different bill.  Frankly, we have before the Senate a different piece of legislation in which there has not been 38 seconds of hearings. We have before the Senate a bill which, unlike other major legislation, does not have a specific report before the Senate. We have a bill that is brought down in time for the Monday afternoon bed check vote, without a report, without a hearing.  Mr. President, we are asked to pass a piece of legislation that would dramatically encroach on the rights of the municipalities, counties, and States in our country. It would be a massive shift of power from the local people and communities to the Federal courts.  I think one of the reasons it is being rushed through is that the big developers who want it don't want the public to look at this very long. But thosewho have looked at it are opposed to it. That includes the National Governors' Association, the National Association of Counties. Others who oppose it include the National League of Cities, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National Association of Towns and Townships, the National Conference of State Legislatures. The bill that was reported, H.R. 1534, was also opposed by those groups and the International Municipal Lawyers Association, 38 State attorneys general, and the American Planning Association.  Among those opposed to having that unprecedented shift of power to the Federal courts are the Judicial Conference of the U.S. Conference of Chief Justices and the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts.  Among those religious organizations opposed to that bill are the United States Catholic Conference, the National Council of Churches of Christ, Religious Action Center for Reform Judaism, and the Evangelicals for Social Action.  Among the public interest groups that are opposed to it are the League of Women Voters, the Alliance for Justice, the Physicians for Social Responsibility, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, and the U.S. Public Interest Research Group.  Among the conservation groups against it are the National Wildlife Federation and the League of Conservation Voters. Those who oppose it include the Sierra Club, the National Environmental Trust, the Environmental Working Group, the Center for Marine Conservation, the Environmental Defense Fund, the National Audubon Society, the Great Lakes United, the Earth Justice Legal Defense Fund, Izaak Walton League of America, the Scenic America, and the Wilderness Society, Natural Resources Defense Council, the Rails to Trails Conservancy, and the National Parks and Conservation Association, Friends of the Earth, Defenders of Wildlife, Appalachian Mountain Club, and the American Oceans Campaign.  Among those who are opposed to it are the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees and the United Steelworkers of America.  For the same reason that this Vermonter is opposed to the new bill, S. 2271, the Vermont League of Cities and Counties, is also opposed. They just wrote to me on the new bill saying:       Dear Senator Leahy: I am writing you to express our strong      support for your actions in opposing S. 2271. * * *       Local governments are working very hard in Vermont to      exercise appropriate authority over land uses in their      communities. We are joined in this in very real fashion by      the Vermont legislature which this past session adopted      legislation clarifying our ability to regulate wireless      telecommunication facilities under zoning.       What would a volunteer part-time planning commission or      zoning board of authority do if a national wireless      telecommunications company came into town, not only with its      platoon of attorneys and engineers but also with the ability      to say, ``you take a wrong step and you're in federal      court?''  Continuing from their letter:       The chilling effect of that combination would be immense.      It is already hard to find people willing to serve on local      boards and commissions. With the threats proposed in the      Takings legislation, many good public servants at the local      level would simply give up.  That is from the Vermont League of Cities and Towns.  In an earlier letter, they asked me ``At what cost to the communities?'' This is a question being answered at the local level by local zoning boards of Charlotte, Hardwick, Cabot, and other towns throughout the State. I think we ought to pay some attention to it. In the Sunday Burlington Free Press, the homebuilders themselves made this statement regarding urban sprawl:       Urban growth is not really Congress' purview. . . . I think      most Members of Congress recognize that planning ought to      take place at a local or State level.  Then I ask, why are they pushing this bill? They want the Federal Government to take authority away from our States. Do the homebuilders need this for a win?  I said earlier that we Vermonters may differ in the way our State and communities should be handled as compared to how they would be handled by some large-scale, wealthy developer. That is our choice to make. I spoke of some of the most beautiful spots in our State that my wife and I love driving by. Each one has enormous developmental value, but we Vermonters have decided not to develop it. Now, we Vermonters pay the price for that. We get less tax revenue. We make less from our land; I know I do from my own land.  I have 220 acres on my tree farm. We could earn a lot more if Vermont suddenly zoned everything for commercial use. But I don't want to do that. I like the quality of life in Vermont. I like not having to lock my door. I like being able to walk through my fields and see a deer, or to ski down one of the logging trails on my property, as I have in the wintertime, and to see an owl floating on the thermals ahead of me by the moonlight. I liked being awakened about 3 o'clock this morning by the screech of a bear near my home. Frankly, I like that better than the screech of brakes in a congested urban intersection.  They also told us we would lose a great deal in Vermont when we did away with billboards. But a couple out-of-State billboard companies didn't do so well. The scenic vistas of Vermont were opened up and the tourism increased.  Mr. President, we ought to stop taking things out of the hands of small communities and counties in our States. We ought to let the people of West Virginia make their decisions and the people of Vermont make their decision and not say: We are going to yank this out of your hands and put it in Federal court.  Mr. President, I reserve the balance of my time.  