President, I am gratified that the Senate finally has before it today the final language of The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Restructuring and Reform Act. I continue to support this bill, which has been making its way through the Congress for many months and which is long overdue. I commend Chairman Roth and Senator Moynihan for their conscientious work on this legislation. I also commend Senator Grassley and Senator Kerrey for introducing the original IRS reform bill, of which I am a cosponsor.  I have heard from many Vermonters who support the reining in of the IRS. They want the IRS to be more responsive to their questions and more respectful of their rights, and that is exactly what they deserve from their government. I will be pleased to return home and tell Vermonters that the Senate has acted in their interests and passed legislation that will make the IRS more responsive to the average taxpayer and that gives the average taxpayer more rights when dealing with the IRS.  This bipartisan legislation will bring many significant reforms into reality, including:  Burden of Proof. The burden of proof is on the IRS in all court cases for tax years beginning after the date of enactment of this bill.  Innocent Spouse Relief. Innocent spouses and former spouses will no longer be held responsible for tax liabilities incurred by the other spouse.  Interest and Penalties. If the IRS fails to notify the taxpayer of a delinquency within 18 months, the taxpayer will not be held responsible for penalties and interest accrued during that time.  IRS Accountability. IRS employees will be held more accountable for their actions and advancement will be based on a system of merit.  Low-Income Taxpayer Clinics. $6 million will be provided in matching grants to establish taxpayer clinics to provide tax assistance to low-income taxpayers.  Oversight Board. A nine-member IRS Oversight Board will be established. This board will consist of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Commissioner of the IRS, a representative of IRS employees or a full-time Federal employee, and six members from the private sector.  Collections. This bill establishes formal procedures to ensure due process for any liens or levies placed on a taxpayer.  Confidential Communications. Privileged communications will be expanded to include tax advice between an accountant or tax advisor and a taxpayer.  I am also pleased that two amendments offered by Senator Ashcroft and myself have been retained in the final conference report. One amendment, based on our bill, the Taxpayer Internet Assistance Act of 1998, requires the IRS to provide taxpayers with speedy access to tax forms, publications and other published guidance via the Internet. This legislation provides for online posting of documents created during the most recent five years.  The second amendment requires the IRS to treat an electronically authenticated document the same as a paper document. This is required as more and more people file their returns online and use electronic signatures. This bill will ensure that people who use an electronic signature will have no less or no greater status in the tax context than those using a physical signature. By retaining these two amendments, the Senate is recognizing the importance of the Internet and its potential to give taxpayers greater access to information and service.  In addition, Senator Russ Feingold and I introduced the Equal Access to Justice for Taxpayers Act of 1998, S. 1612. Under current law, many taxpayers are unable to recover their legalfees and other costs when the IRS takes unjust actions against them. Our bill would modify the Equal Access to Justice Act to give taxpayers the same rights as other citizens to fight unjust governmental action. Provisions similar to the Equal Access to Justice for Taxpayers Act were included in the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act.  The bipartisan bill before us will institute a wide range of constructive and sensible steps to reshape the IRS and to improve the way it deals with the American taxpayers they are intended to serve.  