I want to thank the chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, Senator McConnell, and Senator Hagel, who have worked hard to reach agreement on compromise IMF language that the Treasury Department can support.  The amendment we are about to vote on provides the full amount requested by the President for the IMF, including $3.4 billion for the New Arrangements to Borrow, and $14.5 billion for the quota increase. None of this money costs the U.S. Treasury. It is repaid with interest. In the event of a default, it is backed up by IMF gold reserves.  This amendment is not perfect. Few are. It does not directly address certain issues I am concerned about, including workers' rights, military spending, and the environment. Neither the IMF nor the Treasury Department have worked aggressively enough to ensure that IMF loans do not promote exploitation of workers, subsidize excessive military spending, or result in environmental harm. I would have strongly preferred conditional language on those issues similar to the economic and trade conditions that are in the bill. However, that was explicitly rejected by the Republican side. I am encouraged, however, that language on these issues is included in the House bill, and will be discussed in the conference. I also want to credit Senator Wellstone, whose amendment addresses these concerns.  I should also mention that the McConnell-Hagel amendment does require further progress on information disclosure by the IMF, an area that I have worked on for many years as it relates to all the international financial institutions. The World Bank hasmade considerable progress on this, but the IMF has lagged behind. In some instances there are legitimate reasons for protecting the confidentiality of IMF documents. But the presumption should favor disclosure. Secretary Rubin has indicated that he intends to press the IMF harder to expand public access to IMF documents. That should be a priority, because that is how we will ultimately deal most effectively with the other types of concerns I have mentioned. A process that is open to public scrutiny tends to result in better decisions.  Mr. President, the IMF has a reputation for being an arrogant, secretive organization that has too often bailed out corrupt governments. There is some truth to that. But I am also convinced that as the world's leading economic power the United States has a multitude of interests in a strong IMF. Millions of American jobs depend on exports. The IMF plays an important role in limiting the adverse impact of major financial crises. This amendment, for the first time that I am aware of, seeks to address some of the concerns that the IMF has been too eager to bail out corrupt governments, or governments whose trade policies have discriminated against American companies. Given the difficulty the Treasury Department encountered in getting this IMF funding passed in a form that Treasury could accept, it is clear that unless the IMF follows through on the reforms the Congress is insisting on US support for the IMF will soon evaporate.  Finally, I want to mention one other issue that has concerned me for some time, and which has also been a problem at the World Bank and the other international financial institutions. That is the lack of significant numbers of women in IMF managerial positions, and the lack of adequate grievance procedures to effectively respond to cases of harassment, retaliation, and gender discrimination. The IMF is particularly at fault in these areas. The statistics show that women have been systematically denied advancement at the IMF. The grievance process, while perhaps measuring up to a standard of years gone by, today fails to afford the due process that is necessary to deter abuse of power, particularly at an institution that is immune from the court system. This is an urgent problem which affects morale and the quality of IMF operations, and should be treated as a priority by IMF management as well as the Treasury Department. The Appropriations Committee first called attention to the problem of gender discrimination at the IMF in 1992, and there has been far too little progress since then.  Having said that, I will support this compromise and want to again thank Chairman McConnell and Senator Hagel for the considerable time and effort they gave to finding an agreement that a majority of senators could accept.  Madam President, the IMF funding has been attached to S. 1768, the Bosnia, Iraq and Domestic Disaster Relief supplemental bill, because a majority of senators believe, as Senator Stevens, the Chairman of the Appropriations Committee has urged, that the IMF funding should be sent to the President on whichever supplemental bill the Congress completes action on first. We have agreed that if the House sends us a separate IMF supplemental bill we can choose to go to conference on that. But there is no requirement that we do so. Our primary concern is that the Congress complete action on the IMF as soon as possible and send it to the President for signature.  