President, I come to the floor to congratulate Senator Durbin and Senator Moseley-Braun on finally, at long last, achieving a vote on the nominations of Patrick Murphy and Judge Michael McCuskey. The Senators from Illinois have had to labor long and hard just to reach this point. I know that Senator Durbin did everything that he could think of to bring to the attention of the Republican leadership the need to consider and confirm these two judicial nominees who have been languishing on the Senate calendar without action for the last six months. I, too, have spoken about the plight of the Federal courts in the Southern and Central Districts of Illinois more often over the last several weeks and months than I would like to remember.  We thank the Democratic Leader, Senator Daschle, for his efforts on behalf of these nominees and on behalf of achieving a vote. And I thank the Majority Leader for finally scheduling this vote and for working through whatever problems existed on the Republican side of the aisle that have delayed these nominations from early November to the end of the last session and for the first three months of this new session.  It is long past time for the Senate to consider the nominations of Patrick Murphy and Judge Michael McCuskey. The Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously reported these two nominations to the full Senate on November 6, 1997--almost six months ago. Their confirmations are desperately needed to help end the vacancy crisis in the Federal District Courts of Illinois.  Pat Murphy is an outstanding judicial nominee. A decorated Marine, he has practiced law in the State of Illinois for 20 years as a trial lawyer and tried about 250 cases to verdict or judgment as sole counsel. During his legal career, Mr. Murphy has made an extensive commitment to pro bono service--dedicating approximately 20 percent of his working time to representing disadvantaged clients in his community.  Judge Michael McCuskey is also an outstanding judicial nominee. Judge McCuskey served as a Public Defender for Marshall County in Lacon, Illinois, for 8 years and has served as a State court judge for several years, first on the bench in the 10th Judicial Circuit and then on the Third District Appellate Court of Illinois. The American Bar Association recognized his stellar qualifications by giving Judge McCuskey its highest rating of well-qualified for this nomination.  The mounting backlogs of civil and criminal cases in the dozens of emergency districts, like the Southern and Central Districts of Illinois, are growing more critical by the day. Indeed, in the Southern District of Illinois, where Pat Murphy will serve when confirmed, Chief Judge Gilbert has reported that his docket has been so burdened with criminal cases that he went a year without trying a civil case.  The Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court has called judicial vacancies ``the most immediate problem we face in the federal judiciary.'' There is no justification for the Senate's delay in considering these two fine nominees for Districts suffering from judicial emergency vacancies.  I have urged those who have been stalling the consideration of the President's judicial nominations to reconsider and to work with us to have the Judiciary Committee and the Senate fulfill its constitutional responsibility. Those who delay or prevent the filling of these vacancies must understand that they are delaying or preventing the administration of justice. Courts cannot try cases, incarcerate the guilty or resolve civil disputes without judges.  Last week the Chief Judge of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals certified that the persisting vacancies on that Court require him to certify an emergency situation and to begin canceling hearings and proceeding with only one Second Circuit Judge on certain 3-judge appellate panels. There is a nominee for the Second Circuit on the Senate calendar awaiting Senate consideration, Judge Sonia Sotomayor.  I came to the Senate floor last week to plead with the Republican leadership to proceed to consideration of the nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the Second Circuit. I renew that plea today and urge a vote on this nomination before the Senate adjourns for a 2-week recess. We should not go on recess while the Second Circuit needs action on nominees to alleviate a crisis.  