President, if ironies were flowers the area inside the Washington beltway would be covered with fields of flowers sprouting out of every square inch of land.  I am surprised that many of the same Senators who say they want farmers to receive higher income for what they produce strongly oppose the same for other farmers if the product is not produced in their home states.  Many Senators have recently spoken on the floor about the disaster facing their farmers. Some have likened it to losses caused by natural disasters such as Hurricanes. Regarding this farm disaster, their biggest concern is the huge loss in farm income. The culprit this time is low prices and the loss of farm income.  In speech after speech many complain that their farmers face low prices--and thus low income. And, as is so often said, farmers do not want welfare they want higher income for theirlabors. These Senators assert that farmers do not just want a handout--they want higher prices so they can earn an reasonable income and stay in business.  Whether the commodity is wheat, soybeans, corn, or other feedgrains we hear time and time again that prices are too low--and thus their farmers may go out of business.  There is a sense of great panic in the farm community. It is real. I am advised that farm income in some areas has been reduced by 98 percent. I have been moved by many of the compelling descriptions of the agony faced by these farm families. I am concerned about this even though my home state of Vermont is not as directly affected.  Thomas Paine made an interesting comment about these situations which is still as true today as is was in 1776. He said: ``Panics, in some cases, have their uses. . . . their peculiar advantage is, that they are the touchstone of sincerity and hypocrisy, and bring things and men to light, which might otherwise have lain forever undiscovered.''  There is indeed a touch of hypocrisy in this crisis. Some, including some at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, see the loan deficiency payments as a great solution. If prices drop below a target price the farmers get the difference between their market price and this target price. If prices increase above a certain level then the farmers cannot receive this cash payment. Recently I twice voted for these proposals along with every Democratic Senator save one.  I do think this approach is a good idea and I hope in the end it is included in any continuing resolution we work out. It is important that any income relief in the resolution be targeted to 1998 year crop production and that it go to producers, not mere landowners.  Many strongly support this approach for commodities produced by their farmers. However, if the benefit is to be provided to farmers not producing their commodities some turn a deaf ear. This is an unfortunate irony--some will not listen to the very arguments they use to support additional income to their farmers if other commodities are involved. I voted for their solution even though it is of little benefit to my home state of Vermont. Turning a deaf ear toward farm problems in other areas of the country raises a lot of concerns.  The Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact is the perfect example. The major benefit of the compact is to provide income to farmers when milk prices are low--income is not provided to farmers when prices rise past a certain point. The amount of the payment a farmer gets depends on how far milk prices are below the target price. You could simply repeat those two sentences but substitute the word ``corn,'' ``soybeans'' or ``wheat,'' or whichever commodity, for ``milk'' and you have described how the loan deficiency payment system works.  Many certainly want this benefit for their commodities. Some Senators would rather their farmers get a check for increased ``freedom to farm payments'' instead of cash payments called loan deficiency payments. In this way these Senators provide cash to feedgrains producers to make up for the fact that farm prices are so low. Either way, almost all Senators want farmers to receive some additional cash payments. And farms families deserve this.  But try to apply this system to milk prices and many Members of Congress and some in the Administration say ``no.''  This is a major issue for me since more than 70 percent of all farm income in my state is from dairy. Vermont is first in the nation in terms of the relative importance of dairy to total farm income. This is why the Compact is crucial to me.  Dairy farmers like other farmers work hard--milking cows early in the morning, moving cows around to pasture, feeding them, worrying about veterinary bills. I wish we could all work together on this matter--all areas of the country--and support farm income for all producers.  I freely admit that the Compact does give dairy farmers a lot more income when prices are low. It is supposed to do that--just like loan deficiency payments. We are not concealing the fact that during the first 6 months of operation OMB reported that ``New England dairy farm income rose by an estimated $22-27 million . . . .''  Several Senators from the Upper Midwest insisted that OMB do a study on the effects of the Compact. The OMB report is called the ``The Economic Effects of the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact.'' I will be quoting a lot from that study that those Senators wanted in this floor statement.  As a little background, the Interstate Dairy Compact Commission with 26 delegates appointed by the six governors is authorized to determine a ``target price''--$16.94/cwt in this case. Under the Compact language approved by the six states any state can opt-out temporarily--until a later date that the state determines--or opt-in and receive that additional income for producers. The Compact is voluntary, it is up to each state.  As I just pointed out in this respect, when prices are low the effect of the Compact is similar to the loan deficiency payments made under marketing loan programs in that, roughly speaking, producers get the difference between a ``capped'' target amount and the current price. When farm prices are high, no cash payments are made to producers under the Compact.  Why is this additional income for dairy farmers as justifiable as additional income--whether in the form of loan deficiency payments or increased freedom to farm payments--for feedgrain farmers? The answer is simple--it keeps their families on the farm. All farmers deserve to earn a decent income for their families.  This additional income to farmers in New England based on the Compact has kept farmers in business. For example, news articles have focused on how in Connecticut and Vermont the rate of farm loss is much less than before the Compact went into effect. Before the Compact, OMB reports that New England suffered a ``20-percent decline'' in the number of farms with milk cows from 1990 to 1996. Now, this horrible rate of attrition has stopped. I wish other states could also stop their loss of farm families. I have supported reasonable efforts to keep family farmers in business throughout our country and will insist on that in any continuing resolution.  It is clear that efforts to keep dairy farmers in business will become more critical over time since, as OMB reports, ``the Farm Bill also calls for the termination of many elements of USDA's current dairy program by January 2000.'' Also, dairy producers do not receive any so-called ``freedom to farm payments" for milk production and the milk support program will be terminated in the year 2000.  Also, since dairy farmers sell a perishable fluid product that needs refrigeration they are not able to hold product off the market until they can get a better price. Feedgrains can be and are stored to get a better price--indeed the government will even give you a loan based on the value of the grain you are storing. This provides farmers with cash to pay bills--this program is not available regarding the production of milk.  Of course, by taking this grain off the market this can have the effect of increasing grain prices. FAPRI has provided Congress with information on these anticipated increases in grain prices based on the marketing loan program.  One disadvantage to increasing the caps in marketing loan programs, or increasing freedom to farm payments, is that it costs taxpayers a bundle--in this case several billion dollars. I voted for the marketing loan proposals twice because I think it is worth it to increase farm income in Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Missouri and a number of other states. While marketing loan programs do not benefit New England dairy farmers, I have always felt that farmers should stick together and help each other out. I wish more Members of Congress felt that way.  I am very willing to work with my Colleagues from the Upper Midwest to try to figure a way so that all of us can work together. But I will insist on one thing--that our goal should be to protect income for dairy farmers and to keep farmers in business. I do have some ideas that I think we can all agree upon and want to sit down with my Colleagues from the Upper Midwest, and around the country, to work something out.  I will support reasonable programs that benefit their farmers, as I dofarmers in others states and as I do for other commodities.  As long as I am on the subject of the Compact I want to make a few additional points about how well it is working.  First, I want to thank many of the Members of Congress who want to support farm income for all farmers--not just farmers producing feedgrains. I am very pleased that the Compact will get a short extension in the appropriations bill. Some opponents have begun complaining that it is included in the Agriculture Appropriations bill. It was included in the House bill and is now included in the Conference Report.  I am very pleased with this since the 1996 farm bill created a three-year Compact pilot project for the Northeast. However, long delays in implementing the Compact by USDA have cut that three-year period down to less than two years. That is not what the Congress had in mind when it passed a three-year time period in 1996. I am pleased that this Appropriations Bill will extend the Compact at least until September 30, 1999, so that the Congress can find out how well it has served farmers. Even with this extension, the time-period is less than Congress set forth in 1996.  It is interesting that one of my distinguished Colleagues blasted the Compact on the Senate floor by saying that dairy farmers have not seen positive benefits as a result of the compact. What surprises me about this statement is that most dairy farmers would say that a significant increase in their income over a six-month period was a ``positive benefit.''  Maybe things are different in the Upper Midwest but New England farmers like this increase in income and consider higher income a positive benefit. It could be that since New England only produces three percent of the fluid milk in the nation that an increase of $22 million to $27 million in income over a six month period, according to OMB, is not considered large by Upper Midwest standards.  I also disagree with the complaint that under the Compact ``consumers have been hurt by higher prices.'' OMB has an answer for that which proves the value of the Compact. OMB reported after an initial increase in prices at some stores just as the Compact was implemented that: ``New England retail milk prices by December [the sixth month after implementation] returned to the historical relationship to national levels, being about $0.05 per gallon lower.''  So, OMB has concluded that consumer milk prices are lower in New England than the rest of the nation. I would like to repeat that--consumer prices in New England with the Compact are lower than national levels. I would encourage a study to check out that relationship now--I am very confident that prices in New England are still lower than the rest of the nation.  The Connecticut Agriculture Commissioner Shirley Ferris reports, ``In June of 1997, the month before the Compact took effect, the average retail price for a gallon of whole milk was $2.72. This June, almost a year after the Compact took effect, the price for a gallon of whole milk is only $2.73. And the price of a gallon of 1% milk is even less expensive now than before the Compact--$.03 less per gallon than last June.''  Consumer milk prices, as economists had predicted, are lower in the Compact region than the average for the nation.  Another interesting assertion--that milk consumption has dropped in the compact region--was made on the Senate floor recently. This is most odd since national data shows that the rate of milk consumption has dropped more in the rest of the nation than in the Compact region.  According to the most recent A.C. Neilson Corporation marketing research data, U.S. gallon sales of fluid milk are down 1.8 percent compared to one year ago. New England gallon sales of fluid milk, however, have decreased by only 0.7 percent. National sales of fluid milk have declined 1.1 percent more than New England sales of fluid milk.  In another assertion it was said that ``The only real winners have been the largest industrial dairies of the Upper Northeast.'' First of all, I am not certain if the use of Upper refers to Maine. Second, I am not certain what the ``largest industrial dairies'' means since our plants are so small compared to the Upper Midwest.  And third, under the Compact, and as confirmed by the OMB study, it is the producers of milk, the farmers, who get the increase in income under the Compact. If anyone doubts that the dairy farmers in New England did not get increased pay checks someone should randomly call them on the phone and see if they really got the checks. I certainly have not heard complaints that the paychecks were lost in the mails.  My distinguished Colleague also said that the Compact puts ``traditional dairy farms'' outside the region ``at a competitive disadvantage.'' OMB reports just the opposite. But again, you do not need an OMB report. Simply pick up the phone and call some dairy producers who live near the Compact region. They are selling milk into the region to take advantage of the Compact. If Wisconsin or Minnesota switched places with New York State, farmers in Wisconsin and Minnesota would do the same--sell into the Compact region to make more income.  While I do not know for sure, I suspect that dairy producers in Wisconsin and Minnesota would like more income for all their hard labor. Vermont dairy farmers and neighboring New York dairy farmers sure do.  OMB reports there has been ``an increase in milk shipments into New England equal to 8 percent.'' This is not surprising since neighboring producers get higher prices for their milk in the compact region.  Except for this benefit for neighboring farmers living just outside the Compact region, OMB reported that ``New England has little effect on dairy markets outside its region, or on national prices or trends. . . . Its shipments outside the region in the form of cheese or milk are small.''  Opponents of the Compact have constantly repeated that it would be a ``trade barrier'' on sales into New England. I could point to many statements to this effect on the floor.  I predicted before the Compact was implemented, on the other hand, that since the law required that anyone could sell into the region and since the law required that these sellers get the benefit of the Compact, that there would be increased sales into the region.  I was correct--and the evidence reported by OMB shows that neighboring farmers get the benefit of the higher Compact price and thus there has been an increase of sales into the region of 8 percent.  This Compact has thus increased trade. Something that increases trade is not usually called a trade barrier.  As an interesting footnote OMB reports that the Compact commission decided to provide additional money for New England WIC programs so that more eligible infants, children and pregnant women would be able to participate than would have participated without the Compact. The OMB report states that the ``Compact could support a small increase in participation during the demonstration period.'' The Commission has recently decided to provide additional funding to the school lunch programs.  I also want to address the surplus production issue. As background, note that if New England regional milk production decreases less--or increases more--than the national rate, the farm bill requires that the Commission reimburse the federal government for the cost of Commodity Credit Corporation purchases of any ``surplus production'' that might occur.  This year the Commission will pay a reimbursement as determined by the Secretary. Very favorable conditions in New England and low feedgrain prices and very unfavorable weather conditions throughout much of the rest of the country created this shift even though there was decrease--2,000 fewer--in cows milked from April to June 1998.  As these relatively very unfavorable weather conditions in the rest of the country subside I expect that New England's rate of production will once again grow at a lower rate than the rest of the country--especially with the drop in cows milked in New England. Also note that almost all of the CCC purchases were of milk product from other regions of the country.  To provide some perspective, I also wanted to mention that OMB reports that in 1996, ``New England accounted for 2.93 percent of the Nation's milkproduction and 2.9 percent of its milk cows.''  As the OMB report shows if other states had a dairy compact, farmers in those states could receive a significant increase in income. So why are some supporting billions' worth of increases in payments to farmers producing nondairy commodities but are opposed to increases in farm income to dairy farmers?  The answer is easy. Sir Walter Scott knew many years ago that: ``Oh, what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.''  Corporate opponents of the Compact have tried to argue that this was a fight between consumers and farmers. The OMB study proves that consumer prices are lower in New England than the average for the rest of the country. So that is a false argument.  The fight is actually between large manufacturers of milk products--large multinational corporations--and farmers. Manufacturers of any product, not just manufacturers of cheese or ice cream, want to buy their inputs as cheaply as possible.  How do we know that? As with the answers to many questions all you have to do is follow the money. Who is buying ads and time to distort the truth? Who is staffing up to fight the Compact? And who mostly wants the Compact defeated?  It certainly isn't farmers in areas that border the Compact region. They take advantage of the Compact's open invitation to trade--and make more money selling into the Compact region.  It certainly isn't consumers since they get lower prices than the average for the rest of the nation. It certainly isn't farmers living in the region since they have gotten a significant boost in farm income.  To find out the answer one just has to look at lobbying reports that have to be filed in Washington. Who funded efforts and hired people to oppose the Compact?  Groups representing the large manufacturers of milk products--that's who. The International Dairy Food Association for example. Their members, like any manufacturers, want to buy their inputs at low cost.  One of their members, Kraft, which is owned by a large tobacco company, wants to pass a bill that will allow them to buy milk at less than the price set by milk marketing orders through something called forward contracting. This could greatly increase their profits.  They also oppose the dairy compact. The Compact has producers selling milk at more than the level set by milk marketing orders. Under the Dairy Compact, producers receive an over-order premium which means that they get more money than the minimum set by the order, not less.  So why was there ever a concern about consumer prices increasing in the Compact region? Prices should have never increased.  The Wall Street Journal and the New York Times discussed this in news articles about retail store price gouging. GAO raised the issue in 1991 and is looking at it now.  We do know that retail prices for milk are often over double what farmers get for their milk--nationwide. Think about that.  Lets look at the time period just before the compact took effect--and pick Vermont as the sample state. As the Wall Street Journal pointed out, in ``Are Grocers Getting Fat by Overcharging for Milk?,'' beginning in November, 1996, the price that farmers got for their milk dropped by almost 25 percent--35 cents or so per gallon. Store prices stayed high which locked in a huge benefit to stores selling to consumers. 35 cents a gallon is a significant increase in benefits to retail stores.  Comparing November 1996, to June 1997, the price farmers got for their milk dropped 35 cents a gallon, and stayed low, but the prices stores charged for milk stayed about the same.  I have always contended that Dairy Compacts can help reduce this retail store price inflation by stabilizing the price that farmers get for milk--thus reducing the need for stores to build in a safety cushion to protect themselves in case it costs more for them to purchase milk.  Without a compact, the price farmers get for their milk can vary significantly. These variations in price are passed through to stores by co-ops and other handlers. Yet stores prefer not to constantly change prices for customers so they build in a cushion. But this huge profit margin can be reduced by Compacts which means that Dairy Compacts will save consumers money and provide more income to farmers.  Unfortunately, the OMB study is based on very limited information from USDA. USDA only gave OMB price information from 6 stores in New England--and only in two cities where it was announced in press accounts, in advance, that retail prices would go up even though store and wholesaler costs had dropped 35 cents per gallon.  Even in light of this OMB concluded that after 6 months, retail store prices in the compact region of New England were 5 cents lower than the rest of the nation.  New England newspaper accounts of the implementation of the Compact were very interesting. For example, the July 1, 1997, the Portland Press Herald, Portland, Maine, points out that ``Cumberland Farms increased the price of whole milk by four cents but dropped the price of skim by a penny'' when the Compact was implemented.  Also, they note that ``At Hannaford's Augusta store, Hood milk--a brand-name product--was selling for $2.63 a gallon, while the Hannaford store brand was selling for $2.32.''  Also, ``Shaw's increased its price by about 20 cents a gallon in [parts of] the five other New England states but kept the price the same here [in Maine].''  The June 26, 1997, Boston Globe and the June 27, Providence Journal pointed out before the Compact was implemented that one of the chains signaled a price increase. A spokesman for Shaw's Supermarkets, Bernard Rogan, is quoted as saying that milk prices will go up next week  The June 30, Boston Globe reported that ``The region's major supermarkets are raising their milk prices 20 cents a gallon, ignoring arguments that their profit margins are big enough to absorb a new price subsidy for New England dairy farmers that takes effect this week.''  As OMB discovered, after six months this initial signaled increase, described above, was being subjected to competitive pressures and that consumer prices in New England were on average lower than the rest of the nation.  Studies of prices charged in stores in Vermont, for example, show that the most important factor in the price of milk is the brand and the store. In cities and towns in Vermont the variation in price among stores was in the 50 cents to one dollar range. In other words, in the same town the price of a gallon of milk varied greatly and still does.  These store variations, and variations through the use of store coupons, dwarf any possible impact of the compact.  Also note that reports have indicated that the dairy case is the most profitable part of a supermarket. The product profitability of fluid milk is $16.46 per square foot, whereas regular grocery items return only $2.32 per square foot. This information is from testimony of Professor Andrew Novakovic, on April 10, 1991, before the Committee on Agriculture of the U.S. House of Representatives.  All other food expenditures dwarf how much income that consumers spend on fluid milk. The savings consumers can achieve through buying ``on sale'' or house-brand items, or through using discount coupons, far exceed typical changes in the price of fluid milk. Only 3 percent of the average household's total expenditures on food go for fluid milk. This information is from an article called ``Food Cost Review,'' 1995, from the Economic Research Service of U.S.D.A.  Note also that OMB reported that the Northeast has the Nation's second highest cost of dairy production ($14.27 per cwt in 1996) and its milk generated the lowest returns per cwt after expenses. OMB found that a smaller proportion of New England farms are competitive than in other regions. Net average returns per cow in Vermont are $350 per year and in Wisconsin are $460 year. OMB determined that the Compact generated about $70 more in annual income per cow.  So why all the fuss about the compact and who is generating it?  For one, Kraft, the international milk manufacturing giant, opposes thecompact. Kraft's annual U.S. sales exceed $16 billion. They are owned by Phillip Morris, the tobacco giant.  Perhaps the writer Ben Johnson said it best: ``Whilst that for which all virtue now is sold, And almost every vice--almighty gold.''  IDFA, which receives funding from Kraft which is owned by big tobacco, went on a spending spree. One big staff acquisition was from Public Voice for Food and Health Policy. The very person who led Public Voice's press attack on the Compact was negotiating for a job with the milk manufacturers who opposed the Compact.  Lobbying registration forms show the whole sad story.  In June 1996, the Senior Vice President for Programs at Public Voice publicly defended his organization from charges that its analysis was influenced by corporate contributions.  A Lobby Registration form filed in July 1996 shows that he worked for William Wasserman of M & R Strategic as a ``consultant'' for this lobbying arm of IDFA.  This is the major reason I returned the golden carrot award back to Public Voice. It is one thing to have honest disagreements about policy. It is another to be working on getting a job with opponents of the Compact at the same time you are leading the charge for Public Voice against the Compact. The Lobbying Reports tell the story.  There is an unseemly web of money and promises between the dairy processors and Public Voice.  For example, we know that during a critical time period between January 1995 and June 1996, Public Voice accepted $41,000 from the International Dairy Foods Association (IDFA).  We do not know how much IDFA has contributed to Public Voice after June 1996 or how much any of IDFA's corporate members and officers of those corporations have individually contributed to Public Voice. We do not know how much big tobacco gives to Public Voice. I have always expected that it is a huge number considering the large salaries IDFA pays to its top officers.  For a six-month period in 1996, IDFA paid at least $30,000 to M & R Strategic Services for its lobbying efforts.  These are all public facts documented by lobbying disclosure forms or derived directly from quotes from Public Voice officials.  This overwhelming and unseemly evidence compelled me to conclude that, for Public Voice, when it comes to the Dairy Compact, contributions come first, and analysis comes second. The New York Times and other editorial pages have relied upon the numbers provided by Public Voice to substantiate their editorials against the Compact, but we now know those numbers were cooked, and flat-out wrong.  I challenged Public Voice to release the names of any dairy-related or tobacco-related contributors and how much they contributed during the last three years. They have not done so yet. I would be pleased just to know if the amount is $100,000 or $500,000, total, over the last three years.  IDFA also made other major acquisitions. They hired the Director of Consumer Affairs at USDA, William Wasserman, who set up a subsidiary called the ``Campaign for Fair Milk Prices'' through M & R Associates.  Money can solve a lot of problems. For example, his Lobby Report filed on August 15, 1996, shows his client as IDFA and shows him specifically working on the ``Northeast Dairy Compact.'' His Lobbying Registration form filed on February 13, 1996, shows he worked for IDFA on dairy price supports and marketing orders.  A key USDA official who represented USDA at dairy meetings on Capitol Hill was also hired by IDFA. Mr. Charles Shaw is now listed as Senior Economist and Director of IDFA in the book 1997 Washington Representatives.  Listed as ``counsel or consultants'' for IDFA are--you guessed it--M & R Strategic Services lobbyists Allen Rosenfeld and William Wasserman in 1997 Washington Representatives.  I will explain the importance of this in a minute. Before I begin I want to point out that the battle over the Compact is really a battle between well-off dairy manufacturers and struggling dairy farmers.  These huge dairy manufacturers cannot win over the editorial boards of The New York Times or The Washington Post on that basis.  But if a group like Public Voice carries their public relations message, casting this as a consumer issue, they have a foot in the door.  Public Voice has focused on the price increases which took place just as the Compact was implemented. I mentioned these price signaling newspaper articles earlier.  But Public Voice has ignored the conclusion that consumer prices are lower in New England than the average for the nation. I wonder why.  I wonder how much money they have received from all the major manufacturers of milk and tobacco companies throughout the country over the last three years? I wonder how much money they have received from IDFA and other groups that represent manufacturers over the last three years? I wonder how many others they will hire to influence public opinion in a way that supports the efforts of huge milk manufacturers against the interest of dairy farmers in New England?  I want to make one final point. The New York Times has reported on how important the Compact is for the environment. In an article entitled ``Environmentalists Supporting Higher Milk Price for Farmers'' it was explained that keeping farmers on the land maintains the beauty of New England.  A lack of farm income resulting from low dairy prices is cited as the major reason dairy farmers leave farming in New England. Production costs in New England are much higher than in other areas of the nation while the value of the land for nonfarm purposes is often greater than its value as farmland.  In many cases I am advised that this is very different as compared to vast areas of the Midwest and Upper Midwest where land is worth very little except for its value as farmland. As the Vermont Economy Newsletter reported in July 1994:       In the all important dairy industry, the decrease in farm      income has come from a continuation of the long term trends      the industry has been facing. Should these trends persist,      and there is every expectation they will, Vermont will      continue to see dairy farms disappearing from its landscape      during the 1990s.  One of the consequences of the exit of dairy farmers in New England is that land is released from agriculture. Given the close proximity to population centers and recreational areas in New England, good land is in high demand, and as a result there is often a strong incentive to develop the land.  What are the consequences of land being converted from farm to non-farm uses?  One consequence is that the rural heritage and aesthetic qualities of the working landscape are lost forever. The impact of this loss would be devastating to Vermont and to much of New England. The tourists from some of America's largest urban centers are drawn to rural New England because of its beauty, its farms and valleys, and picturesque roads.  Strip malls and condominiums do not have the same appeal to vacationers.  The Vermont Partnership for Economic Progress, noted in its 1993 report, A Plan for a Decade of Progress: Actions for Vermont's Economy, ``There are many issues that will influence the [tourism] industry's future in Vermont . . . [including] our state's ability to preserve its landscape.'' The report went on to list among its primary goals:       1. Maintain the existing amount of land in agriculture and      related uses;       2. Preserve the family farm as part of our economic base      and as an integral factor in Vermont's quality of life from      ``A Plan for a Decade of Progress.''  The priority of these goals show that preserving farmland and a viable agriculture industry are important for the overall economic health of the region from Maine, to rural parts of Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts, to Vermont and New Hampshire.  Other consequences of farm losses are equally destructive. The American Farmland Trust has completed cost of community services studies in four New England towns, one in Connecticut and three in Massachusetts. The information is from ``Does Farmland Protection Pay?''  These studies show the cost of providing community services for farmland and developed land. It is true that developed land brings in more tax revenues than farmland, especially when farmland is assessed at its agricultural value, as it is in most New Englandstates. Developed land, however, requires far more in the way of services than the tax revenues it returns to the treasuries of municipalities.  For example, residential land in these four New England towns required $1.11 in services for every one dollar in tax revenue generated while the farmland required only $0.34 of services for every one dollar of revenue it generated. This demonstrates the major impact that losing dairy farmland has on rural New England. This information is from ``Does Farmland Protection Pay?''  National Geographic recently detailed the risk of economic death by strip malling otherwise tourist-drawing farmland. New England should be allowed to try to reverse this trend, especially in ways that help neighboring states such as under the Compact.  The American Farmland Trust Study pointed out that agricultural land actually enhanced the value of surrounding lands in addition to sustaining important economic uses.       Farming is a cost effective, private way to protect open      space and the quality of life. It also supports a profusion      of other interests, including: hunting, fishing, recreation,      tourism, historic preservation, floodplain and wetland      protection. ``Does Farmland Protection Pay?''  Keeping land in agriculture and protecting it from development is vitally important for all of New England, which is one reason all six New England states have funded or authorized purchase of agricultural conservation easement programs to help protect farmland permanently.  Other economic uses, from condominiums and second homes for retired or professional people from New York, Boston, or Philadelphia to shopping malls to serve them, are waiting in the wings. The pressure to develop in New England is voracious.  A 1993 report from the American Farmland Trust called ``Farming on the Edge'' showed that only 14 of the more than 67 counties in New England, were not significantly influenced by urban areas.  In fact, eight New England counties were considered to be farming areas in the greatest danger of being lost to development because of their high productivity and close proximity to urban areas. The Champlain and Hudson River Valleys were considered to be among the top 12 threatened agricultural areas in the entire country according to this ``Farming on the Edge'' study.  Dairy farming is New England's number one agricultural industry, and a lack of farm income is a major cause for farmers leaving dairying. This discussion underscores the compelling need for the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact because towns will not only lose their rural character with the loss of farms, but they will suffer economic consequences as well. New England suffer the economic losses of the economic activity from farming, but will spend more in services than they gain in revenue as good farmland gets developed.  I need to address one more dairy issue, milk marketing order reform. This bill does give USDA a few more months to study this critical issue. I have been fighting for a fair revision of the milk marketing orders as have other Colleagues. Although dairy farmers across the country have told the Agriculture Department that they prefer Option 1-A, the Department continues to support Option 1-B.  It has been made clear that the U.S. Department of Agriculture prefers Option 1-B for fluid milk pricing, even though it has been demonstrated that this system would be disastrous for dairy farmers across the country. Economists for AgriMark estimate that under Option 1-B, dairy farmers' income would drop by $365 million dollars next year--that is a loss of $1 million each and every day of the year. I am told by economists at AgriMark that Option 1-B reduces farm income in almost every area of the country.  I am also told that every area of the country, including the Upper Midwest, will have higher farm income under Option 1-A as compared to Option 1-B.  At the close of the comment period for milk pricing reform, I was joined by 60 Senators in a letter to USDA supporting Option 1-A. Option 1-A is the only option which is both fair and equitable to farmers while promising to continue providing consumers with reasonably priced fresh, wholesome milk.  Mr. President, this year Vermont farmers took a one-two punch from Mother Nature. The unprecedented ice storm this winter that knocked out power across the state, forcing farmers to cull their herds, dump milk and scramble for feed. This summer's flooding hit many of these same farmers just as their crops were starting to produce. Their fields have been saturated with water ever since leaving them without feed going into the winter. Ten out of the fourteen counties in Vermont have been declared National Disaster Areas by the President this year.  Because the margins are already so close for many farmers, helping these farmers recover from their feed losses could mean the difference between staying in business or selling out. The Livestock Feed Assistance Program will help Vermont farmers get through the winter and not be overwhelmed by recovery costs. I visited these farms after the ice storm and went back again to some of the same areas after the flooding.  What I heard at every farm I visited was very simple: farmers need enough assistance to get them through this season. They do not expect a lot of assistance, but they do expect it to be fast and they expect it to be fair.  Unfortunately, disaster assistance programs have not always worked this way. Too often, the criteria and program thresholds developed by the national office do not catch the small, family dairy farms we have in the Northeast. The disasters that hit Vermont this year caused damage much like what you see after a tornado. One farm may have lost half his crop while his neighbor may not have been touched. But the way the disaster programs work now, if the county as a whole did not sustain at least 40 percent damage, none of the farmers hit by the disaster would be eligible for assistance.  In addition, these programs often require a farmer to sustain at least 40 or 50 percent damage on his farm. This requirement has prevented many farmers who are barely making it anyway from getting assistance. After the ice storm, many Vermont farmers were tinkering at the edge of losing their farms.  I know that Secretary Glickman shares my commitment to preserving the family farm and I look forward to working with him to make sure these disaster programs are flexible enough to help our small, family farms. Let me quote a letter from Edie Connellee and Bill Cartright of Waitsfield, Vermont, ``I hope we all purposefully remember to use this experience as a way to better be a community and especially remember that small acts of kindness, even just a phone call, make a huge difference when someone is hurting in any way.'' I hope this is the approach the Agriculture Department will take when implementing these disaster programs.  Finally, Mr. President, let me take a moment to talk about the funding levels for the conservation programs in this year's Agriculture Appropriations bill. When we passed the 1996 Farm Bill one of cornerstones of that package was the mandatory funding for the conservation programs. We set aside $200 million a year for the Environmental Quality Incentives Program. Unfortunately, it was all too tempting for the appropriators to cap that program this year at $175 million and use the savings elsewhere. In a year where we have seen state legislation regulating agriculture waste on farms and new regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency, this program is all the more critical to making sure farmers can comply with these requirements.  Having worked with dairy farmers across Vermont, but especially around Lake Champlain and Lake Memphremagog, I know how committed they are to protecting our watersheds from farm run-off. Vermont farmers lead the country in developing innovative techniques to control agriculture waste. But they cannot do it alone. The EQIP cost-share payments help them do the right thing without putting them in a financial bind. Now is not the time to be slowing down such a successful program.  