President, I note that Senators Ashcroft and Sessions have not challenged Ms. Morrow's truthfulness before the Committee. At their press conference last fall announcing their opposition to her nomination, they were careful to avoid such personal attacks. Instead, they based their conclusions on her writings. I disagree with them and agree with those who read those writings in context. That is a disagreement, we draw different conclusions from the same words. That is understandable.  What I do not understand is how anyone can continue to repeat the claim that Ms. Morrow was not truthful with the Committee. She was required to answer more litmus test questions and was more forthcoming than any nominee I can remember.  Some have made the confirmation process into an adversary process. Ms. Morrow is not paranoid; someone has been out to get her.  In this difficult context, in which the Morrow nomination was targeted by forces opposing the filling of judicial vacancies, charges against Ms. Morrow's integrity and character remain out of line and unfounded. Unfortunately, I have heard repeated over the last day the charge that Ms. Morrow provided a false answer to a written question propounded at the Committee. That is incorrect.  While I will not take the Senate's time to refute all of the unfounded arguments that have been used in opposition to this nomination, I do want to clear up the record on this. This is a matter of honor and honesty. I do not want the record left unchallenged should her son, Patrick, come to read it someday.  The written questions propounded long after the Committee deadline following the March 18, 1997 hearing included the following: ``Are there any initiatives in California in the last decade which you have supported? If so, why? Are there any initiatives in California in the last decade you have opposed? If so, why?"  On April 4, the nominee responded in writing noting:       I have not publicly supported or opposed any initiative      measure in the past decade, with one exception.'' The nominee      proceeded in her answer to describe her participation as a      member of the Los Angeles County Bar Association Board of      Trustees in a unanimous vote authorizing the Association to      oppose a measure sponsored by Lyndon LaRouche concerning      AIDS, a measure that was also opposed by Governor Deukmejian      and many others.  I raised objection to these questions at a meeting of the Committee on April 17 because I saw them as asking how Ms. Morrow voted on the more than 150 initiatives that Californians had considered over the last 10 years. Later, the Senator who submitted these questions indicated that he did not intend to ask how the nominee voted and he revised the questions. When he did, he resubmitted another set of supplemental written questions to the nominee on April 21, he acknowledged that 160 initiatives have been on the ballot in California in the last 10 years and he disavowed any interest whether or not the nominee voted on the initiatives but asked for ``comment'' on a list of initiatives.  Some have come to contend that the portion of the answer about public support or opposition to initiatives was ``intentionally or unintentionally'' not truthful information. Their supposed ``smoking gun'' is a November 1988 article in the Los Angeles Lawyer magazine. What this contention about dishonesty ignores is that the nominee had previously furnished the Committee with the November 1988 article and that article had been inquired about at the March 18 hearing and in the follow up written questions. In fact, the written questions that included the ones at issue contained quotes from the article and questions specifically about it. Thus, no one can seriously contend that this article was unknown to the Committee or that the nominee had failed to disclose it.  Equally important, and the reason I suspect that the nominee did not refer to the article in her written response to the questions in issue, was that the article was not relevant to these particular questions. Preceding questions had inquired about the meaning of the article. The questions in issue ask about support or opposition for initiatives and appear to inquire about such support or opposition for initiatives in the course of their being considered by voters in California.  By contrast, the article concerned measures that had already been acted upon by the voters of California, including one that had been considered two years previously. They were not support for or opposition to these initiatives, as the nominee, or, for that matter as I, understood those questions. They were commentary after the fact by way of comment upon the growing resort to initiatives in California and ways lawyers might help to improve the initiative process and the drafting and consideration of initiatives as well as a call for the State legislature to function more efficiently.  Indeed, when the author of those questions received the initial answer, he did not question that it was untruthful or feign ignorance of the November 1988 article. Instead, when he revised and resubmitted supplemental questions he prefaced his revised question by noting that he was aware of the nominee's ``public comments regarding citizen initiatives.''  Thus, no one can fairly believe that this nominee's answer was incomplete or deceptive for having failed to include express reference to an article that was not advocating in favor or in opposition to a pending initiative and about which the questioner had knowledge, had already specifically inquired and on which the questioner promptly professed knowledge.  Stripped of the rhetoric and hyperbole, there is simply no basis to contend that this nominee mislead the Committee by her answer. This is no basis to question her candor. Any purported ``major misstatement of fact'' is not that of this nominee but would be of those who accuse her of a lack of honesty or candor.  No fair and objective evaluation of the record can yield the conclusion that she is anti-initiative. No fair reading of her statements suggests a basis for any such assertion.  