President, it is time for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to use the latest technology to deliver better service to the American people. Our nation's taxpayers deserve no less.  Today, Senator Ashcroft and I are introducing the Taxpayers Internet Assistance Act of 1998. I am pleased that Senator Reid and Senator Wyden are original cosponsors of our bill.  Our bipartisan legislation requires the IRS to provide taxpayers with speedy access to tax forms, publications, regulations, and rulings via the Internet. It also authorizes the Treasury Department, with input from the public, to develop more online services to help taxpayers.  Mr. President, I want to praise the Senate Finance Committee, Chairman Roth, Senator Moynihan, Senator Kerrey and Senator Grassley for their leadership in moving the IRS reform legislation to the full Senate. I strongly support the bill approved by the Finance Committee last night.  As the Senate prepares to debate IRS reforms, we must use technology to make the IRS more effective for all taxpayers. What better way to do that then to require the IRS to maintain online access to the latest tax information. Every citizen in the United States, no matter if he or she lives in a small town or big city, should be able to receive electronically the latest tax ruling or download the most up-to-date tax form.  The IRS web page at > http://irs.ustreas.gov < provides timely service to taxpayers by increasing electronic access to some tax forms and publications. I commend the IRS for its use of Internet technology to improve its services. More information and services should be offered online and not just as a passing fad. Our legislation is needed to build on this electronic start and lock into the law for today and tomorrow comprehensive online taxpayer services.  Our bipartisan bill protects the privacy of taxpayers by amending the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), which already calls for the deletion of identifying details to prevent an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. For more than 30 years, the FOIA has served the nation well in maintaining the right of Americans to know what their government is doing--or not doing--while protecting personal privacy. Our legislation does not give new access to private tax information, but merely provides a new, easier method of receiving public tax information.  Under the FOIA, the IRS must maintain public access to Treasury Regulations, Internal Revenue Manuals, Internal Revenue Bulletins, Revenue Rulings, Revenue Procedures, IRS Notices, IRS Announcements, General Counsel Memorandum and other taxpayer guidance. Under our legislation, the IRS must post this public tax information on the Internet in a searchable database, giving all taxpayers quick access to it. In addition, our bipartisan bill requires the IRS to post on its web site all Tax Forms, Instructions and Publications, the most essential information for the average taxpayer.  To keep any administrative burden and taxpayer cost to a minimum, our legislation limits the Internet posting of past tax information. For information available under the FOIA, our legislation requires online posting of documents created on or after November 1, 1996, the same date electronic access is required under the Electronic Freedom of Information Act Amendments of 1996. I am proud to have been the chief Senate sponsor of that new law enacted in the last Congress.  For Tax Forms, Instructions and Publications, our legislation provides for online posting of documents created during the most recent five years, the same period of time that the IRS now keeps these documents on CD-ROM for Congressional offices.  With these common sense requirements, the IRS will be able to enhance its web page with comprehensive tax guidance in a matter of days at little cost to taxpayers under our bipartisan bill. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office has scored our legislation as adding no new direct spending.  We strongly believe that the IRS must prepare itself for the next millennium now. That is why our legislation authorizes the Treasury Department to study and report back to the American people on online access to taxpayer information, the protection of online taxpayer privacy rights, the security of online taxpayer services and public comments on online taxpayer services.  Thomas Jefferson observed that, ``Information is the currency of democracy.'' Let's harness the power of the information age to make the IRS a truly democratic institution, open to all our citizens all the time.  I thank Senator Ashcroft for his support and I look forward to working with him on other high technology issues to help the Internet reach its full potential such as encryption legislation.  I urge my colleagues to support the Taxpayers Internet Assistance Act of 1998.  