President, I am pleased that the Senate today is adopting the Kyl-Leahy substitute amendment to S. 512, the ``Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act.''  Protecting the privacy of our personal information is a challenge, especially in this information age. Every time we obtain or use a credit card, place a toll-free phone call, surf the Internet, get a driver's license or are featured in Who's Who, we are leaving virtual pieces of ourselves in the form of personal information, which can be used without our consent or even our knowledge. Too frequently, criminals are getting hold of this information and using the personal information of innocent individuals to carry out other crimes. Indeed, U.S. News & World Report has called identity theft ``a crime of the 90's''.  The consequences for the victims of identity theft can be severe. They can have their credit ratings ruined and be unable to get credit cards, student loans, or mortgages. They can be hounded by creditors or collection agencies to repay debts they never incurred, but were obtained in their name, at their address, with their social security number or driver's license number. It can take months or even years, and agonizing effort, to clear their good names and correct their credit histories. I understand that, in some instances, victims of identity theft have even been arrested for crimes they never committed when the actual perpetrators provided law enforcement officials with assumed names.  The new legislation provides important remedies for victims of identity theft. Specifically, it makes clear that these victims are entitled to restitution, including payment for any costs and attorney's fees in clearing up their credit histories and having to engage in any civil or administrative proceedings to satisfy debts, liens or other obligations resulting from a defendant's theft of their identity. In addition, the bill directs the Federal Trade Commission to keep track of consumer complaints of identity theft and provide information to victims of this crime on how to deal with its aftermath.  This is an important bill on an issue that has caused harm to many Americans. It has come a long way from its original formulation, which would have made it an offense, subject to 15 years' imprisonment, to possess ``with intent to deceive'' identity information issued to another person. I was concerned that the scope of the proposed offense in the bill as introduced would have resulted in the federalization of innumerable state and local offenses, such as the status offenses of underage teenagers using fake ID cards to gain entrance to bars or to buy cigarettes, or even the use of a borrowed ID card without any illegal purpose. This problem, and others, were addressed in the Kyl-Leahy substitute that was reported out of the Committee and further refined in the substitute amendment the Senate considers today.  Since Committee consideration of this bill, we have continued to consult with the Department of Justice to improve the bill in several ways. Most significantly, the Kyl-Leahy substitute amendment appropriately limits the scope of the new offense governing the illegal transfer or use of another person's ``means of identification'' to exclude ``possession.'' This change ensures that the bill does not inadvertently subject innocuous conduct to the risk of serious federal criminal liability. For example, with this change, the bill would no longer raise the possibility of criminalizing the mere possession of another person's name in an address book or Rolodex, when coupled with some sort of bad intent.  At the same time, the substitute restores the nuanced penalty structure of section 1028, so that it continues to treat most other possessory offenses involving identification documents and document-making implements as misdemeanors. Thus, in the substitute, the use or transfer of 1 or more means ofidentification that results in the perpetrator receiving anything of value aggregating $1,000 or more over a 1-year period, would carry a penalty of a fine or up to 15 years' imprisonment, or both. The use or transfer of another person's means of identification that does not satisfy those monetary and time period requirements, would carry a penalty of a fine and up to three years' imprisonment, or both.  Finally, again with the support of the Department of Justice, we specified the forfeiture procedure to be used in connection with offenses under section 1028. The bill as reported created a forfeiture penalty for these offenses; the addition of a procedure simply clarifies how that penalty is to be enforced.  I am glad that Senator Kyl and I were able to join forces to craft legislation that both punishes the perpetrators of identity theft and helps the victims of this crime.  