President, I urge my colleagues to support the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act, S. 1301. Senator Durbin and Senator Grassley have worked together to mold a bipartisan bill that seeks to correct abuses in the bankruptcy system while preserving access to it for honest debtors. Every American agrees with the basic principle that debts should be repaid. The vast majority of Americans are able to meet their obligations. But, for those who fall on financial hard times, bankruptcy should be available in a fair and balanced way.  Unfortunately, more and more Vermonters and more and more Americans are filing for bankruptcy. The numbers are disturbing. While the unemployment rate keeps going down and inflation remains low, the nation's personal bankruptcies keep going up. Thus, this rise in bankruptcy filings has occurred at the same time that we enjoy a robust economy. If fact, Vermont's unemployment rate hit a 10-year low just the other day. Vermont's personal bankruptcy rate increased by about 40 percent for each of the last two years.  Still, Vermont was ranked next to last among the 50 states in personal bankruptcy filings last year. In most other states, personal bankruptcy rates increased even more dramatically while unemployment rates declined. I do not know all the answers why more and more Americans are filing for bankruptcy. I think some may be abusing the system. I think most are not. My guess is that stagnant wages and more consumer credit card debt are the primary reasons.  Where there are abuses in the bankruptcy law, we should move to correct them. I believe that this bill does that by establishing standards for bankruptcy judges to consider with respect to Chapter 7 and 13 filings and by discouraging bad-faith repeat filings. This bill also includes better bankruptcy data collection procedures so that we can learn more about the root causes of the recent rise in bankruptcy filings. Accurate data will also allow us to better evaluate the impact of this reform legislation.  But we must also remember that bankruptcy serves as a safety net for many of our constituents. Those who use bankruptcy are the most vulnerable of the American middle class. They are older Americans who have lost their jobs or are unable to pay their medical debts. They are women attempting to raise their families or secure alimony and child support after a divorce. They are individuals struggling to recover from unemployment. This bankruptcy reform bill protects them.  As we move forward with reforms that are appropriate to eliminate abuses in the system, we need to remember the people who use the system, both the debtor and the creditor. We need to balance the interests of creditors with those of middle class Americans who need the opportunity to resolve overwhelming financial burdens.  Unfortunately, the House-passed consumer bankruptcy reform bill requires an arbitrary means testing of debtors to be eligible for Chapter 7 filings. Many bankruptcy practitioners and bankruptcy judges predict that the radical means-testing requirements in the House bill would swamp the bankruptcy process with a flood of new litigation over a debtor's filing status. Indeed, the Congressional Budge Office estimates that H.R. 3150 would cost taxpayers up to $16 million a year for new bankruptcy judges and other court administrative expenses. Moreover, CBO estimates that the House bill would impose new private sector mandates, as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, of at least $100 million on our economy. We need balanced bankruptcy reform, not more unfunded mandates and costs to taxpayers.  The House bankruptcy reform bill also fails to adequately protect our most vulnerable citizens--our children. More than one-third of the one million annual bankruptcies involve spouse and child support orders. But the House bill proposes profound changes to the bankruptcy code for spouse and child support obligations by placing them on a equal footing with some consumer debt. As a result, custodial parents and ex-spouses may have to fight in court against the deep pockets of corporate lenders with little chance of success. This is unacceptable for America's children.  I believe that the Senate version of the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act, S. 1301, carefully balances the competing interests of debtors and creditors. The bankruptcy reform bill passed by the House of Representatives, H.R. 3150 is not a balanced piece of legislation. The Administration has promised a veto if the House bill were to be adopted by Congress.  I have already spoken to the other Senators who will serve on a House-Senate bankruptcy reform conference about holding firm to the Senate bill in conference. If we want to enact balanced bankruptcy reforms into law this year, the Senate bill is that measure. If this Congress wants to enact consumer bankruptcy reforms into law, then the conference report must be along the lines of S. 1301. I am glad to report that a majority of the Republicans who will serve on the conference with Senator Durbin and me agree. I expect that we will strongly support the Senate position and prevail in conference.  I hope that the Senate will adopt this bipartisan bill that corrects the abuses in the bankruptcy system without unfairly penalizing women and childrenwho depend on child support and alimony, as well as older Americans and small business owners.  I want to take a moment to commend Senator Durbin for his leadership and for working to reform our bankruptcy system in a fair and balanced manner. Senator Durbin has served as a most effective manager of this important measure. He has been informed and exercised good judgment at every turn. He has met every challenge and maintained the bipartisanship that made this possible. Without his extraordinary efforts, there would be no bankruptcy reform legislation being considered for final passage by the Senate.  I also commend Senator Grassley. I know that is has not always been easy for him to keep this legislation on course. I know that some in his caucus have criticized his efforts to be fair and to continue to work in a bipartisan fashion. I am glad that he did not succumb to that bad advice. Senator Grassley and I have worked together for many years. We agree on many things and we have disagreed on some. I congratulate him for his outstanding efforts as the principal author, subcommittee chairman and floor manager of this bill. He has done a fine job and created a measure for which he deserves our thanks. In this effort I have tried to be constructive--even foregoing offering an important amendment to this particular bill, at Senator Hatch's request.  I also want to applaud the work of the staff on the Senate Judiciary Committee principally responsible for this bill: Victoria Bassetti and Anne McCormick with Senator Durbin, and Kolan Davis and John McMickle with Senator Grassley. Each worked hard on this very complex issue and helped craft a fine piece of bipartisan legislation. They were here late into many nights and worked ceaselessly for the public interest.  I urge my colleagues to support S. 1301, the Consumer Bankruptcy Reform Act. It is a bill that the Senate should pass.  