President, today, joined by Senators Daschle, Biden, Moseley-Braun, Murray, and other Democratic Senators, I am introducing comprehensive crime legislation, the Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act of 1998, to keep the crime rate in this country going down. Past Democratic anti-crime initiatives, such as the 1994 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act, have resulted in an historic decrease in crime rates in the United States. The FBI reports that violent crime in 1996 was at the lowest level since 1989, and that the overall crime rate was lower than any year since 1984. Preliminary figures for 1997 show that serious crime dropped an additional four percent last year. These are very good numbers.  Yet, according to recent reports in the Los Angeles Times, people still feel that crime is the number one public policy issue that needs attention. Americans still feel vulnerable to becoming crime victims, and want policy makers to do more. Thus, even with the decrease in crime rates, this is not the time to stop working on additional ways to reduce crime. Senate Democrats want to do more. We must do more to ensure that the crime rates continue their downward trend next year, the year after, and the years after that.  The Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act of 1998 builds on the successful programs we have implemented in the 1994 Crime Law and addresses emerging crime problems. The bill is comprehensive. It is realistic. It is fully funded, without reaching into any cookie jars. It is designed to be enacted, without partisan or ideological controversy. In fact, the bill contains a number of initiatives that enjoy bipartisan support. We have tried to avoid the easy rhetoric about crime that some have to offer in this crucial area of public policy. Here is a chance to actually make a difference. It is a ``Can Do'' Act.  The Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act targets violent crime in our schools, reforms the juvenile justice system, combats gang violence, cracks down on the sale and use of illegal drugs, enhances the rights of crime victims, and provides meaningful assistance to law enforcement officers in the battle against street crime, international crime and terrorism. The Act represents an important next step in the continuing effort by Senate Democrats to enact tough, common-sense and balanced reforms to our criminal justice system. That is why the International Brotherhood of Police Officers has endorsed this bill.  The bill has ten comprehensive titles to address crime in our schools, crime on our streets, and crime on our borders and abroad. I should note that the bill contains no new death penalties and no new or increased mandatory minimums. We can be tough without imposing the death penalty, and we can ensure certain punishment without removing all discretion from the judge at sentencing.  Title I of the bill deals with proposals for combating violence in schools and punishing juvenile crime. This title has four subtitles dealing with assistance to schools, reform of the federal juvenile system, assisting States on prosecuting and punishing juvenile offenders and reducing juvenile crime, and protecting children from violence, including violence from the misuse of guns.  Assistance to Schools. Americans are dismayed and grief-stricken at the recent shootings at schools across the country. While homicides at American schools have remained relatively constant in recent years, the number of students who have experienced a violent crime in school increased 23 percent in 1995 compared to 1989. We need to make sure our children attend school in a safe environment that fosters learning, not fear.  The bill would provide COPS grants for school-based partnerships between schools and law enforcement to combat school-related crime. It contains a proposal developed by Senator Bingaman to establish a School Security Technology Center using expertise from the Sandia National Labs, and provide grants from the Safe and Drug Free Schools Program enabling schools to access technical assistance for school security.  Federal Prosecution of Serious and Violent Juvenile Offenders. The bill would also make important reforms to the federal juvenile system, without federalizing run-of-the-mill juvenile offenses and ignoring the traditional prerogative of the States to handle the bulk of juvenile crime. One of the significant flaws in the Republican juvenile crime bill, S. 10, is that it would--in the words of Chief Justice Rhenquist --``eviscerate this traditional deference to state prosecutions, thereby increasing substantially the potential workload of the federal judiciary.'' The Chief Justice has raised concerns about ``federalizing'' certain juvenile crimes and has urged that ``federal prosecutions should be limited to those offenses that cannot and should not be prosecuted in the state courts.'' The Democratic proposals for reform of the Federal juvenile justice system heed this sound advice and respect our Federal system.  Among other reforms, the Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act would allow federal prosecution of juveniles when the Attorney General certifies that the State cannot or will not exercise jurisdiction, or when the juvenile is alleged to have committed a violent, drug or firearm offense.  Prosecutors would be given sole, nonreviewable authority to prosecute as adults 16 and 17 year olds who are alleged to have committed the most serious violent and drug offenses. Limited judicial review is provided for prosecutors' decisions to try as adults 13, 14 and 15 year old juveniles, and 16 and 17 year olds, who are charged with less serious federal offenses. These juveniles are permitted under strict time limits to ask a judge for a ``reverse waiver'' and transfer to juvenile, rather than adult, status.  Assistance to States for Prosecuting and Punishing Juvenile Offenders, and Reducing Juvenile Crime. The bill would authorize grants to the States for incarcerating violent and chronic juvenile offenders (with each qualifying State getting at least one percentof available money), providing graduated sanctions, reimbursing States for the cost of incarcerating juvenile alien offenders, and a pilot program to replicate successful juvenile crime reduction strategies.  Protecting Children from Violence. The bill contains important initiatives to protect children from violence, including violence resulting from the misuse of guns. Given the recent tragic shootings committed by children, Americans want concrete proposals to reduce the risk of such incidents recurring. At the same time, I certainly do not want to demonize guns or the legitimate use of guns for protection and security or for sport.  The bill would impose a prospective gun ban for juveniles convicted or adjudicated delinquent for violent crimes. It would require revocation of a firearms dealer's license for failing to have secure gun storage or safety devices available for sale with firearms. The bill would enhance the penalty for possessing a firearm during the commission of a crime of violence or drug offense and for violation of certain firearm laws involving juveniles. In addition, the bill would authorize competitive grant programs for establishment of juvenile gun courts and youth violence courts.  Title II of the bill addresses the problem of gang violence. We all share a concern about the growing gang problem in our cities and in rural areas of this country. More than 665,000 gang members belong to 23,000 youth gangs in the United States, and the numbers are growing.  This part of the bill would crack down on gangs by making the interstate ``franchising'' of street gangs a crime. It will also increase penalties for crimes during which the convicted felon wears protective body armor or uses ``laser-sighting'' devices to commit the crime. The bill also doubles the criminal penalties for using or threatening physical violence against witnesses and contains other provisions designed to facilitate the use and protection of witnesses to help prosecute gangs and other violent criminals. For example, the bill would clarify that the federal gratuity statute does not apply to cooperation agreements, contrary to the Tenth Circuit's recent Singleton decision. The Act also provides funding for law enforcement agencies in communities designated by the Attorney General as areas with a high level of interstate gang activity.  Title III of the bill would set forth a number of initiatives in nine subtitles to combat violence in the streets. The Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act continues successful initiatives in the 1994 Crime Act by putting more police officers on our streets, providing for the construction of more prisons, preventing juvenile felons from buying handguns, and increasing the security of women and children against domestic violence. Specifically, the bill would extend COPS funding into 2001 and 2002; increase the state minimum for Violent Offender Incarceration grants from .25 to .75 percent, establish a state minimum of .75 percent for Truth-in-Sentencing grants, and extend both these grant programs into 2001 and 2002; extend authorization for the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) funding and local law enforcement grant programs.  A significant problem that arose this year was the loss of confidentiality that had previously attached to the important work of the U.S. Secret Service. The Departments of Justice and Treasury and even a former Republican President advise that the safety of future Presidents may be jeopardized by forcing U.S. Secret Service agents to breach the confidentiality they need to do their job by testifying before a grand jury. I trust the Secret Service on this issue; they are the experts with the mission of protecting the lives of the President and other high-level elected officials and visiting dignitaries. I also have confidence in the judgment of former President Bush, who has written, ``I feel very strongly that [Secret Service] agents should not be made to appear in court to discuss that which they might or might not have seen or heard.''  The Safe Schools Act provides a reasonable and limited protective function privilege so that in the future Secret Service agents are able to maintain the confidentiality they say they need to protect the lives of the President, Vice President and visiting heads of state. This title of the bill includes a number of provisions to address the following matters:  Domestic violence: In addition to extending authorized funding for VAWA, the bill would punish attempts to commit interstate domestic violence, expand the interstate domestic violence offense to cover intimidation, and punish interstate travel with the intent to kill a spouse.  Protecting Law Enforcement and Judiciary: The Act recognizes that law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day. According to the FBI, over 1,000 officers have been killed in the line of duty since 1980. The Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act contains provisions to protect the lives of our law enforcement officers by extending the Bulletproof Vest Partnership grant program through 2003. It also establishes new crimes and increases penalties for killing federal officers and persons working with federal officers, including in the prison context, and for retaliation against federal officials by threatening or injuring their family members. The Act enhances the penalty for assaults and threats against Federal judges and other federal officials engaged in their official duties.  Cargo/Property Theft: The bill also contains an important initiative proposed by Senator Lautenberg to deter cargo thefts.  Sentencing Improvements: This subtitle doubles the maximum penalty for manslaughter from 10 to 20 years, consistent with the Sentencing Commission's recommendation, applies the sentencing guidelines to all pertinent federal statutes (such as criminal prohibitions in statutes outside titles 18 and 21 of the United States Code), and other improvements.  Civil Liberties: The bill includes the ``Hate Crimes Prevention Act,'' which was originally introduced by Senator Kennedy and has the strong bipartisan support of over twenty Members, and other initiatives designed to bolster support for enforcement of civil rights.  These program initiatives are funded by extending the Violent Crime Reduction Trust Fund for two more years--from downsizing the Federal Government and not from touching the projected Federal budget surplus.  Title IV of the bill outlines a number of prevention programs that are critical to reducing juvenile crime. These programs include grants to youth organizations and ``Say No to Drugs'' Community Centers, reauthorization of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, Anti-Drug Abuse Programs and Local Delinquency Prevention Programs. Additional sections include a program suggested by Senator Bingaman to establish a competitive grant program to reduce truancy, with priority given to efforts to replicate successful programs.  The bill would also reauthorize the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act (JJDPA) similarly to H.R. 1818, which passed the House by an overwhelming majority last year. This section creates a new juvenile justice block grant program and retains the four core protections for youth in detention, while adopting greater flexibility for rural areas and modifies the membership of the state advisory groups.  The Republican juvenile crime bill, S. 10, would gut these core protections for juveniles in detention. Republican sponsors of this bill have scrambled to change this bill since they refused to fix it during Committee mark-up, but even as revised this bill remains seriously flawed. A letter sent just last week from the National Collaboration For Youth (comprised of the American Red Cross, Big Brothers, Big Sisters, Boy and Girl Scouts of America, United Way, the YMCA and the YWCA, and other prominent voluntary health and social welfare organizations), criticized the revised S. 10 for being ``ill-conceived'' and for exposing youngsters ``to increased risk.'' According to these experts who work intensively with children, S. 10 as revised ``could ironically lead to more juvenile crime--not less--if enacted.'' The Democratic crime bill puts ideology aside, and follows the advice of these experts.  Title V of the bill contains six subtitles on combating illegal drug use. Illegal drugs are too often at the heart of crime. This Act would help break the cycle of drug use by criminals, requiring States to test prisoners for drugsand to provide drug treatment programs, so that the convicts would not return to the streets still addicted, and still caught up in a cycle of crime. It would protect our children by increasing penalties for selling drugs to kids and drug trafficking in or near schools, and crack down on ``club drugs.'' It would go a step further and encourage pharmacotherapy research to develop medications for the treatment of drug addiction, a proposal Senator Biden has urged. It would fund drug courts, which subject eligible drug offenders to programs of intensive supervision. This title also would reauthorize the Drug Czar/Office of National Drug Control Policy, as Senator Biden has recommended in legislation he has introduced with bipartisan support.  Title VI of the bill deals with criminal history records and the use of new technologies for law enforcement purposes. We can not underestimate the usefulness of criminal history records, which can help solve crimes and help prevent crimes. The bill contains the ``Interstate Identification Index''(III) Compact to decentralize the FBI's maintenance of the national criminal history database and provide access to criminal history records for noncriminal justice purposes in accordance with state rules. This provision has bipartisan support and has already passed the Senate.  The compact is a reciprocal, voluntary system of sharing criminal history records (including juvenile records) for noncriminal justice purposes among the States and FBI that is efficient, more accurate than the current system, promises to save money, and allows each participating State to effectuate its own access policies.  In addition, this title contains the ``Crime Identification Technology Act,'' to provide $250 million each year for five years in grants to States for identification and communications systems and forensic labs. This legislation has strong bipartisan support and has also already passed the Senate and is pending in the House.  Title VII of the bill is intended to increase the right of victims who unfortunately become involved in the criminal justice system. The criminal is only half of the equation. We would guarantee the rights of crime victims. All States have some victims' rights laws on the books, but they lack the training and resources to make those rights a reality. This bill provides a model Bill of Rights for crime victims in the federal system, and makes available to the States grants to fund the hiring of State and Federal victim-witness advocates, training, and the technology necessary for model notification system. This bill would make victims' rights a reality.  Specifically, this title reforms federal law and evidence to enhance victims' participation in all stages of criminal proceedings by giving victims a right to notice of detention hearings, plea agreements, sentencing, probation revocations, escapes or releases from prison, and to allocution at hearings, as well as grants for obtaining state-of-the-art systems for providing notice. In addition, this title would provide grant programs to study effectiveness of restorative justice approach for victims and to study crimes against persons with developmental disabilities and for development of strategies to combat such crimes.  Title VIII of the bill details provisions for combating money laundering. Crime increasingly has an international face, from drug kingpins to millionaire terrorists, like Usama bin Laden. The money laundering provisions of this bill hit these international criminals where they live - in the pocketbook.  These provisions would prove to be a key tool in winning the war on drugs. We must have interdiction; we must have treatment programs; we must tell kids to say ``No'' to drugs. But we have to do more, and taking the profit away from the drug lords is an effective weapon. This Democratic crime bill would strengthen these laws.  FBI Director Freeh recently testified at a hearing before the Judiciary Committee that enhanced money laundering provisions would be an important tool against the likes of international terrorists, such as bin Laden. FBI Director Freeh praised the following provisions set forth in this title of the bill.  Fugitive Disentitlement to stop drug kingpins, terrorists and other international fugitives from using our courts to fight to keep the proceeds of the very crimes for which they are wanted. Criminals should not be able to use our courts at the same time they are evading our laws.  Immediate seizure of U.S. assets of foreign criminals, so terrorists and drug lords will not be able to keep their money one step ahead of the law enforcement.  Limits on Foreign Bank Secrecy to stop criminals from hiding behind foreign bank secrecy laws while they use U.S. courts.  These and other money laundering provisions in the bill should find bipartisan support for quick passage before the end of this Congress.  Title IX sets forth important proposals for combating international crime. In particular, the bill would punish violent crimes or murder against American citizens abroad, deny safe havens to international criminals by strengthening extradition, promote cooperation with foreign governments on sharing witnesses and evidence, and streamline the prosecution of international crimes in U.S. courts. Provisions include: giving the FBI authority to investigate and prosecute the murder or extortion of U.S. citizens and state and local officials involved in federally-sponsored programs abroad; providing for extradition under certain circumstances for offenses not covered in a treaty or absent a treaty; giving the Attorney General authority to transfer and share witnesses with foreign governments, and obtain and use foreign evidence in criminal cases; prohibiting fugitives from benefitting from time served abroad fighting extradition; adding serious computer crimes as predicate offenses for which wiretaps may be authorized; and providing court order procedures for law enforcement access to stored information on computer networks.  Finally, Title X contains provisions to strengthen the air, land and sea borders of this country. The bill would punish violence at the borders, increase authority of maritime law enforcement officers at the borders, increase penalties for smuggling contraband and other products, strengthen immigration laws to exclude foreign fleeing felons, and persons involved in racketeering and arms trafficking. Specific sections include: punishing ``port-running,'' which is driving or crashing through Customs entry ports; sanctions for not cooperating with maritime law enforcement officers by obstructing lawful boarding requests and commands to ``heave to''; and denying admission into the U.S. of persons whom consular officials have reason to believe are involved in RICO acts, arms trafficking, or alien smuggling for profit, or are fleeing foreign prosecution.  The Safe Schools, Safe Streets, and Secure Borders Act is a comprehensive Act. Nothing in this bill is just for show or rhetorical flourish. Keeping our schools safe, keeping our streets safe, keeping our citizens safe when they go abroad, and keeping our borders secure are matters on which we can and should make progress. I look forward to working for passage of as many parts of this bill as possible in this Congress.  