President, I am pleased that the Senate is passing this important legislation, the ``Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act,'' S. 1379. Last year, Congress passed a resolution calling upon federal agencies to make public any records in their possession about individuals who are alleged to have committed Nazi war crimes. I agree with the original sponsors of this bill, Senators Moynihan, DeWine, Kohl, D'Amato, Dodd and Hatch, who said in a Dear Colleague letter in October, 1997, that this bill ``would put last year's words into action.''  The substitute amendment we consider today requires creation of an interagency working group to collect and release classified Nazi war crime records within one year, and gives Nazi war crime victims expedited access to these records under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). These victimsare growing older and we should ensure that if they are interested in seeing these records, their requests should be honored as speedily as possible.  I first became aware of this bill when I testified in June 1996 at a hearing before the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee (GRO). That hearing focused on my Electronic FOIA amendments, which were enacted later that year, and the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act, H.R. 1281, which had been introduced by that Committee's Ranking Member, Representative Carolyn Maloney.  Moving oral testimony and written statements were presented at that hearing about the need for full disclosure by federal agencies about what our government knew, and when, about Nazi atrocities and the criminals who committed those atrocities. Rabbi Marvin Hier (the Dean and Founder of the Simon Wiesenthal Center), the Jewish Community Relations Council, the Anti-Defamation League, the Orthodox Union, the American Jewish Committee, and others, committed to teaching the lessons of the Holocaust expressed their strong support for full disclosure of Nazi war crime records. War Crimes Disclosure Act, Health Information Privacy Protection Act, and S. 1090, Electronic Freedom of Information Improvement Act of 1995: Hearing on H.R. 1281 and S. 1090 before the Subcomm. on Government Management, Information, and Technology of the House Comm. on Government Reform and Oversight, 104th Cong., 2d Sess. 17-30 (1996).  To the extent that records pertaining to Nazi war criminals remain classified over fifty years since the end of the war, we should take action to disclose those records. No Nazi war criminal should be protected by government secrecy rules. This is what happened with government records pertaining to Kurt Waldheim: the Central Intelligence Agency withheld critical information from researchers about Waldheim's collaboration with the Nazis, even as other government agencies were placing him on the list of individuals forbidden to enter our country because of suspected war crimes. Moreover, an extensive Justice Department report on Waldheim completed in 1987 was then kept secret for six long years, before Attorney General Reno, in response to a FOIA lawsuit, released the document in 1994. The United States government should not help Nazi war criminals keep their past crimes secret. This bill is an important step to ensure our government does not.  Senator DeWine and I worked closely on a substitute amendment to this bill that was offered in the Judiciary Committee and favorably reported on March 5, 1998, with the unanimous backing of Committee Members. Further refinements to the bill are reflected in the Manager's amendment considered by the Senate today to address the legitimate concerns raised by the Department of Justice, our intelligence agencies, press associations and others who use the FOIA regularly, as well as those who have a personal stake and interest in full disclosure of Nazi War crime records.  The bill calls for the Nazi War Criminal Records Interagency Working Group to be created by the President shortly after enactment and authorizes this Group to operate for three years. The Working Group will include as members the Director of the Holocaust Museum, the Historian of the Department of State, the Archivist of the United States, and heads of agencies selected by the President. In addition, the President may select from the private sector up to three other persons whom he considers appropriate to assist in completely and effectively carrying out the functions of the Interagency Group.  The Interagency Group is tasked under the bill with locating, identifying, inventorying, recommending for declassification and making available to the public at the National Archives and Records Administration all classified Nazi War criminal records in the possession of federal agencies, and submit to Congress, including to the Senate Committee on the Judiciary and the House Committee on GRO, a report describing its activities. While the bill requires that these tasks be completed within one year, the Interagency Group is authorized for a full three years in the event that certain of these tasks require additional time. The bill also authorizes the appropriation of any necessary funds.  The original Senate bill defined the records of suspected Nazis subject to disclosure so broadly that it could conceivably have covered many irrelevant records, such as social security records, medical records or tax records, even though such records may have had nothing to do with the person's possible activities as a Nazi. This raised certain privacy issues as well as concerns about the burden on federal agencies to collect, review and disclose records, which had no bearing on the person's activities as a Nazi or our government's knowledge of that person's war crimes.  The Manager's amendment addresses these concerns by limiting the records subject to disclosure to classified Nazi war criminal records and retaining an exemption for those records, or parts thereof, that would ``constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.''  The bill now defines ``Nazi war criminal records'' as those classified records or portions of records pertaining to persons who, from March 23, 1933 through May 8, 1945, under the direction or in association with the Nazis ordered, incited, assisted or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of their race, religion, national origin or political opinion, as well as to any transaction involving the assets of those persecuted persons when the transaction involved assets taken without their consent or the consent of their heirs. Determination of the classified records that fall within the scope of the bill is given to the ``sole discretion'' of the agencies in possession of the records.  The original bill would have amended the FOIA with a new section of Nazi war crime records containing ten newly-created exemptions separate from those under the current FOIA. I have spent many years fighting for more openness in government. I was very concerned that creating these new exemptions might set a dangerous precedent--though entirely unintentional on the part of the original sponsors--of expanding FOIA exemptions. At a minimum, these new exemptions would have created confusion about how the current FOIA exemptions were to be interpreted and applied. These concerns about the new exemptions have been resolved by taking the work of the Interagency Group out of the FOIA and making its activities the subject of a free standing law.  The Interagency Group is required to release the classified Nazi war criminal records covered by the bill in their entirety, subject to ten enumerated exemptions. The first exemption in section 3(b)(2)(A) of the bill is for records or parts thereof that ``constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.'' This is the same standard used in the sixth exemption of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA, 5 U.S.C. 552(b)(6)). In the FOIA context, the phrase enunciates a policy of a balancing of interests between the protection of an individual's private affairs from unnecessary public scrutiny, and the preservation of the public's right to government records. Committee reports underlying the original FOIA of 1966 indicate that the exemption is to protect ``intimate'' or ``personal'' details in files such as those maintained by the Veterans Administration (now the Department of Veterans Affairs), the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (now the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Education), and the Selective Service System. As with the other FOIA exemptions, the personal privacy exception in the FOIA is permissively applied, and it has come to be understood that the balancing of interests tilts in favor of disclosure.  Transferring the FOIA experience to the use of the same phrase in exemption (A) of the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act, it is the intent that the same balancing of interests--between the protection of an individual's private affairs from unnecessary public scrutiny and the preservation of the public's right to government records--occur when the disclosure of Nazi war criminal records is under consideration. The exemption may be used to protect intimate or personal details, such as an individual's medical history, marital status, legitimacy of children, family fights or domestic affairs, and sexual inclination or associations. While theright to privacy of deceased persons is not entirely settled, we expect the Department of Justice and other agencies to follow the majority rule that death extinguishes a person's privacy rights. Indeed, I note that ``[t]he Department of Justice has long followed this rule as a matter of policy.'' U.S. Dep't of Justice, Freedom of Information Act Guide & Privacy Act Overview, September 1997.  Thus, the personal privacy exemption in the bill is to be permissively applied, and the balancing of interests tilts in favor of disclosure.  Likewise, the balancing of the other Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act exemptions tilts in favor of disclosure. Section 3(b)(3)(A) of the bill states that, in applying exemptions (B) through (J), ``there shall be a presumption that the public interest in the release of Nazi war criminal records will be served by disclosure and release of the records.'' The bill conditions exercise of all the exemptions, including the privacy exemption in section 3(b)(2)(A), by an agency head on a determination that the disclosure and release would be harmful to a specific interest identified in the exemption. To facilitate oversight of this legislation, an agency head who makes this determination is required to report the application of the exemption promptly to the appropriate Committees of the Congress, including the Senate Committee on the Judiciary and the House Committee on GRO.  The original bill contained a presumption that public disclosure of the Nazi war crime records outweighs national security interests. The Department of Justice questioned whether this provision, and others, raised separation of powers concerns by encroaching on the Presidential prerogative to decide what records and information should be classified to protect national security. The presumption was modified during Committee consideration of the bill simply to make clear that the public interest would be served by disclosure and release of the subject records.  The bill does not provide a blanket exemption for classified material, but instead lists a number of particular national security concerns that could warrant nondisclosure. The Justice Department may continue to have constitutional separation of powers concerns that the bill substitutes congressional rules for the President's executive order on the classification of documents. This would be unfortunate and unjustified.  The 1997 Report of the Commission on Protecting and Reducing Government Secrecy Classification (hereafter, the ``1997 Report''), at page 15, notes that the security classification system is ``an area in which the President and the Congress `may have concurrent authority, or in which its distribution is uncertain,'' citing Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 343 U.S. 579, 637 (1952). Moreover, Congress has prescribed standards to govern elements of classification and declassification in other contexts, including the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, the National Security Act of 1947, and the Assassination Records Collection Act of 1992, which the 1997 Report explains ``established broad standards for the declassification of records concerning the assassination of President Kennedy.''  ``The classification . . . systems are no longer trusted by many inside and outside the Government.'' 1997 Report, at page XXI. This is particularly true with respect to classified Nazi war crimes records since, at least in the case of Kurt Waldheim, government secrecy rules were used to shield what our government knew about his Nazi collaboration from public view for too many years. I agree with the comment in the 1997 Report that ``by allowing for a fuller understanding of the past, [greater openness] provides opportunities to learn lessons from what has gone before--making it easier to resolve issues concerning the Government's past actions and helping prepare for the future.''  The bill makes clear, in section 3(b)(3)(A), that the enumerated exemptions shall constitute the only authority whereby an agency head may exempt records subject to this Act from release. This provision clarifies legislative intent that, in the case of Nazi war criminal records only, no other protective authority is controlling except the enumerated exemptions. Thus, the exemptions in section 3(b)(2) take precedence over the protective provisions of statutes such as the Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a), the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 403-3(c)(6)), and the Central Intelligence Agency Act (50 U.S.C. 403g). Indeed, section 3(c) of the bill, expressly waives the operational file exemption contained in section 701 of the National Security Act of 1947. The amendment also eliminates the application of the exemptions of the Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552(b)(1)-(9)); it also overrides the privacy protections of all other statues, in favor of the privacy exemption set forth in section 3(b)(2)(A). These waivers of other statutory protections and, most particularly those waivers of the National Security Act provisions, recognize the extraordinary and unique nature of the Nazi war criminal records. These records warrant this special treatment so that the United States may lead and fully participate in the growing international movement to open to public scrutiny official records on the conduct of particular governments and institutions during World War II.  In addition to the enumerated exemptions, the bill exempts from disclosure the records of the Office of Special Investigations (OSI) of the Department of Justice, which continues to investigate, prosecute and extradite suspected Nazi war criminals. Concerns about the impact of this bill on the work of OSI were raised by the Department of Justice, and others, at the original House hearing on this bill in 1996. This bill addresses those concerns and will do nothing to undermine the critical work of this section. Moreover, Senators DeWine and I, and others, have requested that funding for OSI be increased to ensure adequate personnel are available to handle any increased workload due to the passage of this legislation.  While the number of arrests of suspected Nazi war criminals may be dwindling, some are still on the loose, as we so dramatically witnessed by the arrest in Germany just a few short months ago, in March 1998, of a man identified in news reports as Alfons Goetzfried. This suspected Nazi war criminal was a former low-ranking Gestapo officer who apparently acknowledged in prior statements personally shooting to death 500 people, including women and children, at a death camp in Poland in November 1943. The work of the OSI continues to be of vital importance.  Judicial review of agency determinations to apply the exemptions and the operations of the Interagency Group will be available under the Administrative Procedure Act. We appreciate, however, that executive agencies responsible for national defense and foreign policy matters have unique insights into the adverse effects that might occur as a result of the inappropriate public disclosure of a particular classified record. Accordingly, we expect that federal courts, in reviewing determinations by agency heads that disclosure and release of a record covered by this bill would be harmful to a specific interest identified in an exemption, will accord substantial weight to the agency's affidavit or other submission concerning the status of the disputed record. Indeed, the bill makes this expectation explicit in section 3(b)(3)(B), which states that in applying the exemptions in paragraphs (3)(b)(2)(B) through (I) dealing with specific national defense and foreign policy information, the standard of review is the same as applied to the withholding of records under the FOIA for properly classified matters.  Finally, section 4 of the bill provides for the expedited processing of FOIA requests for Nazi war criminal records by any Holocaust victims, as provided in section 552(a)(6)(E) of title 5, United States Code. We expect that any withholding of requested records due to their classified nature, under section (b)(1) of the FOIA, will be highly limited once the Working Group has been able to perform its work.  It has been a pleasure to work with Senator DeWine on this matter in the Judiciary Committee, and with Senator Moynihan and others on reaching a consensus on this important bill. This legislation is long overdue, and I urge its prompt enactment.  