President, I will be very brief on this. There was another unanimous consent request just now to which the distinguished senior Senator from Nebraska objected. I join in that objection. The Senator from Nebraska is a distinguished veteran. In fact, he is the only person I have ever served with in either body that has been awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. He is a servant of his country in every sense of the word.  Mr. President, the reason we were objecting is not that people would hesitate to vote on this, but a 2-hour proposal is not realistic. We are dealing here with a proposal to amend the Constitution of the United States. That is something that, as Madison put it, should be reserved for ``certain great and extraordinary occasions.''  This is a serious issue--one deserving of our full attention, our most thoughtful consideration, and our most serious debate. Instead, we are asked to consider this at the most hectic time ofthe entire legislative calendar--at the end of a session when the attention of Senators quite properly is focused on passing the necessary appropriations bills so that we will not once again shut down the Federal Government. This is inappropriate timing. I might say that it is entirely unnecessary.  This amendment was reported by the Judiciary Committee on June 24, over 3 months ago. The committee report was sent to the Senate on September 1, over a month ago. This amendment could have been brought up at any time.  I ask, why is it being proposed to be brought up now? It would be nothing less than irresponsible for us to consider it in the short, hectic time line that is available. As if this matter could be made worse, we are asked to consider it not only during 2 hours of debate, but also when one of our most distinguished colleagues, also a distinguished veteran of World War II and of the Korean conflict, Senator Glenn, necessarily is absent on a dangerous and important project on behalf of the Nation.  Frankly--I don't want to interrupt the conversation going on to the right of me, Mr. President. So I will withhold for a moment.  