President, today we complete the last step to enact the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 1998 that I introduced with Senator Hatch and Senator Campbell last January. Our bipartisan legislation is intended to save the lives of law enforcement officers across the country by helping state and local law enforcement agencies provide their officers with body armor. When we began Senate consideration I urged action by this week, National Police Week. It is appropriate on the day of the Seventeenth Peace Officers' Memorial Service that along with honoring those who made the ultimate sacrifice in the interest of preserving the public safety, we in Congress do all that we can to protect our law enforcement officers.  Far too many police officers are needlessly killed each year while serving to protect our citizens. Just yesterday, the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced that 64 law enforcement officers were slain feloniously in the line of duty in 1997, up from 56 in 1996. And some of these deaths might have been prevented if officers were wearing body armor.  According to the FBI, more than 30 percent of the 1,182 officers killed by a firearm in the line of duty since 1980 could have been saved if they had been wearing body armor. Indeed, the FBI estimates that the risk of fatality to officers while not wearing body armor is 14 times higher than for officers wearing it.  Unfortunately, far too many state and local law enforcement agencies cannot afford to provide every officer in their jurisdictions with the protection of body armor. In fact, the Department of Justice estimates that approximately 150,000 State and local law enforcement officers, nearly 25 percent, are not issued body armor.  A recent incident along the Vermont and New Hampshire border underscores the need for the quick passage of this legislation to provide maximum protection to those who protect us. On August 19, 1997, Federal, State and local law enforcement authorities in Vermont and New Hampshire had cornered Carl Drega, after hours of hot pursuit. This madman had just shot to death two New Hampshire state troopers and two other victims earlier in the day. In a massive exchange of gunfire with the authorities, Drega lost his life.  During that shootout, all federal law enforcement officers wore bulletproof vests, while some state and local officers did not. For example, Federal Border Patrol Officer John Pfeifer, a Vermonter, who was seriously wounded in the incident. If it was not for his bulletproof vest, I would have been attending Officer Pfeifer's wake instead of visiting him, and meeting his wife and young daughter in the hospital a few days later.  