President. I am pleased that after many months of debate, the Senate has finally passed S. 1360 today. This bill, ``The Border Improvement and Immigration Act of 1998,'' will ensure that free trade and tourism continue to flourish along our nation's borders. It will preserve the status quo for our friendly neighbors to the north and will provide us with the necessary time to study and develop an appropriate way to monitor our nation's borders and sea ports.  I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of S. 1360 and have spoken repeatedly about the need for this remedy. Without this type of legislation, the Immigration and Naturalization Service might be obligated to begin implementing an enormously expensive automated entry-exit monitoring system at all of our nation's borders this fall without having the opportunity to study the situation and develop a workable system. The passage of this legislation means the Attorney General will now have one year to study and report to Congress on the feasibility of various means of tracking the entry and exit of immigrants crossing our country's land borders.  Over the past year, I have worked hard to ensure that this legislation does not negatively impact the thousands of people and the millions of dollars of trade which cross our borders each day. This bill preserves the integrity of our open border with Canada and ensures that no additional burden is placed upon Canadians who plan to shop or travel in the United States. Mexican nationals will also have additional time under this bill to acquire new border crossing cards and will be able to obtain border crossing cards for their children under age 15 at a reduced cost. Vermonters and others who cross our nation's land borders on a daily basis to work or visit with family or friends in Canada and Mexico should be able to continue to do so without additional border delays.  The Border Improvement Act also takes a more thoughtful approach to modifying U.S. immigration policies than that contained in section 110 of the 1996 Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act (``IIRIRA''). By requiring an automated system for monitoring the entry and exit of ``all aliens'', section 110 would subject Canadians, and others who are not currently required to show documentation, to unprecedented border checks at U.S. points of entry. This sort of tracking system would be enormously costly to implement along the borders, especially since there is no current infrastructure in place to track the departure of individuals leaving the United States at our land borders or sea ports. Section 110, as currently worded, would also lead to excessive and costly traffic delays for those living and working near the borders. That is why I am so pleased that we were able to pass this legislation today to remedy this situation.  Instead of requiring the INS to implement such a costly and burdensome border tracking system with little forethought, S. 1360 mandates that the Attorney General conduct a study over the next year of the feasibility of various automated monitoring systems. This study will include an assessment of the potential costs and impact of any new automated monitoring systemon trade and travelers along the country's land borders and seaports. An entry-exit monitoring system at our nation's airports will still be implemented within the next two years.  The Border Improvement Act also authorizes additional funds to ensure that adequate staffing and the newest equipment is available for INS and Customs agents along both borders. S. 1360 authorizes nearly $120 million in fiscal year 1999 for INS enforcement and inspection equipment and personnel, and an additional $160 million for the U.S. Customs Service to acquire similar equipment and hire additional agents. The Customs Service is authorized to hire 535 inspectors and 60 special agents along the Southwest border and 375 inspectors along the Northern border. The INS is authorized to hire 535 and 375 inspectors for the Southwest and Northern border, respectively, under this bill. These additional resources will help these agencies in their investigations of drug and alien smuggling and should reduce traffic waiting times along the borders.  Overall, the Border Improvement and Immigration Act of 1998 is a sensible means of correcting the problematic language in section 110 of the IIRIRA while ensuring better tracking of aliens who overstay their visas.  