President, I thank my friend from Utah for his gracious comments, and I do appreciate working with him on this matter. He and I have discussed this so many times in walking back and forth to votes and in the committee room, and so on. I think the Senator from Utah and I long ago determined that if we were going to have this WIPO implementing bill passed, its best chance would be one where the Senator from Utah and the Senator from Vermont were basically holding hands on it.  The Senator from Utah may recall a time once when the then-Senator from Nevada, Senator Laxalt, and I were here and we had two pieces of legislation, a Laxalt-Leahy bill and a Leahy-Laxalt bill. One of our colleagues said, ``This is either a very good bill or one of you didn't read.''  In this case, the Hatch-Leahy-et al. piece of legislation is a very good bill, and one which the two of us have read every word. We have tried to make very clear to the Senate that the issues we are raising in this bill are not partisan issues. These are issues that create jobs in the United States. These are issues that allow the United States to go into the next century with our innovative genius in place. These are issues that allow the United States, in creating that innovative genius, to continue to lead the world. Senators, in voting for this legislation, will be voting to maintain the intellectual leadership of the United States.  The successful adoption by the World Intellectual Property Organization, what we call WIPO, in December 1996, of two new copyright treaties--one on written material and one on sound recordings--was praised in the United States. The bill that we have before us today, the DMCA, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, will effectuate thepurposes of those treaties in the United States and, I believe, will serve as a model for the rest of the world.  The WIPO treaties will fortify intellectual property rights around the world. They will help unleash the full potential of America's most creative industries, including the movie, recording, computer software, and other copyrighted industries that are subject to online and other forms of piracy, especially in the digital age where it is easier to pirate and steal exact copies of works.  If they don't have the protection, the owners of intellectual property are going to be unwilling to put their material online. If there is no content worth reading online, then the growth and usefulness of the Internet will be stifled and public accessibility will be retarded.  Secretary Daley of the Department of Commerce said, for the most part, ``The treaties largely incorporate intellectual property norms that are already part of U.S. law.'' What the treaties will do is give American owners of copyrighted material an important tool to protect their intellectual property in those countries that become a party to the treaties.  With ever-expanding electronic commerce, trafficking the global superhighway, international copyright standards are critical to protecting American firms and American jobs. The future growth of the Internet and of digital media requires rigorous international intellectual property protections.  I have in my hand the 1998 Report on Copyright Industries in the United States Economy. This was released last week by the International Intellectual Property Alliance.  This report shows conclusively just how important the U.S. copyright industries are to American jobs and how important it is to protect that U.S. copyright industry from global piracy.  If you look at the chart over here, Mr. President, it shows that from the years 1977 to 1996, the U.S. copyright industries' share of the gross national product grew more than twice as fast as the rest of the economy.  These are the core copyright industries. Look how fast they grew as compared to the rest of the U.S. economy.  One of the things that has expanded and fueled our expanding economy is the copyright industry.  Now, during those same 20 years, job growth in the core copyright industries was nearly three times as fast as the rest of the economy. What this shows us, Mr. President, is that we are undergoing unprecedented expansion of our economy, but this is the area expanding the fastest.  These statistics underscore why, when the President transmitted the two WIPO treaties and draft legislation to implement the treaties to the U.S. Senate, I was proud to introduce the implementing legislation, S. 1121, with Senators Hatch, Thompson, and Kohl. We did it the same day. The legislation we have before us today is the result of years of work domestically and internationally to ensure that the appropriate copyright protections are in place around the world to foster the growth of the Internet and other digital media and networks.  The Clinton administration showed great foresight when it formed, in 1993, the Information Infrastructure Task Force, IITF, which established a Working Group on Intellectual Property Rights to examine and recommend changes to keep copyright law current with new technology. Then they released a report in 1995 explaining the importance of this effort, stating:       The full potential of the NII will not be realized if the      education, information and entertainment products protected      by intellectual property laws are not protected. . .  The report said further:       All the computers, telephones, fax machines, scanners,      cameras, keyboards, televisions, monitors, printers,      switches, routers, wires, cables, networks, and satellites in      the world will not create a successful NII, if there is no      content. What will drive the NII is the content moving      through it.  The same year that report was issued, Senator Hatch and I joined together to introduce the NII Copyright Protection Act of 1995, S. 1284, which incorporated the recommendations of the Administration. That legislative proposal confronted fundamental questions about the role of copyright in the next century--many of which are echoed by the DMCA, which we consider today.  Title I of the DMCA is based on the Administration's recommendations for legislation to implement the two WIPO treaties. It makes certain technical changes to conform our copyright laws to the treaties and substantive amendments to comply with two new treaty obligations.  Specifically, the treaties oblige the signatories to provide legal protections against circumvention of technological measures used by copyright owners to protect their works, and against violations of the integrity of copyright management information (CMI). Such information is used to identify a work, its author, the copyright owner and any information about the terms and conditions of use of the work. The bill adds a new chapter to U.S. copyright law to implement the anticircum-vention and CMI provisions, along with corresponding civil and criminal penalties.  Title II of the DMCA limits the liability for copyright infringement, under certain conditions, for Internet and online service providers. Title III gives a Copyright Act exemption to lawful computer owners or lessees so that independent technicians may service the machines without infringement liability.  Title IV begins a process of updating our Nation's copyright laws with respect to library archives, and educational uses of copyrighted works in the digital age.  Title I is based on the administration's recommendations, as I said.  Following intensive discussions with a number of interested parties, including libraries, universities, small businesses, ISPs and OSPs, telephone companies, computer users, broadcasters, content providers, and device manufacturers, we in the Senate Judiciary Committee were able to reach unanimous agreement.  For example, significant provisions were added to the bill in Title II to clarify the liability for copyright infringement of online and Internet service providers. The bill provides ``safe harbors'' from liability under clearly defined circumstances, which both encourage responsible behavior and protect important intellectual property rights. In addition, during the committee's consideration of this bill, an Ashcroft-Leahy-Hatch amendment was adopted to ensure that computer users are given reasonable notice when their Web sites are the subject of infringement complaints, and to provide procedures for computer users to have material that is mistakenly taken down put back online.  We have a number of provisions designed to help libraries and archives. First, libraries expressed concerns about the possibility of criminal sanctions or potentially ruinous monetary liability for actions taken in good faith. This bill makes sure that libraries acting in good faith can never be subject to fines or civil damages. Specifically, a library is exempt from monetary liability in a civil suit if it was not aware and had no reason to believe that its acts constituted a violation. In addition, libraries are completely exempt from the criminal provisions.  We have a ``browsing'' exception for libraries so they can look at encrypted work and decide whether or not they want to purchase it for their library.  Senator Hatch, Senator Ashcroft, and I crafted an amendment to provide for the preservation of digital works by qualified libraries and archives. The ability of libraries to preserve legible copies of works in digital form is one I consider critical. Under present law, libraries are permitted to make a single facsimile copy for their collections for preservation purposes, or to replace copies in case of fire and so on. That worked back in the nondigital age. It does not work today. This gives us a chance to be up to date. We would allow libraries to transfer a work from one digital format to another if the equipment needed to read the earlier format becomes unavailable commercially.  The bill ensures that libraries' collections will continue to be available to future generations by permitting libraries to make up to three copies in any format--including in digital form. This was one of the proposals in The National Information Infrastructure (NII) Copyright Protection Act of 1995, which I sponsored with Senator Hatch in the last Congress. The Register of Copyrights, among others, has supported that proposal.  These provisions go a long way toward meeting the concerns that libraries have expressed about the originalimplementing legislation we introduced.  We address distance learning. When Congress enacted the present copyright law it recognized the potential of broadcast and cable technology to supplement classroom teaching, and to bring the classroom to those who, because of their disabilities or other special circumstances, are unable to attend classes. At the same time, Congress also recognized the potential for unauthorized transmissions of works to harm the markets for educational uses of copyrighted materials. The present Copyright Act strikes a careful balance and includes a narrowly crafted exemption.  As with so many areas of copyright law, the advent of digital technology requires us to take another look at the issue.  I recognize that the issue of distance learning has been under consideration for the past several years by the Conference on Fair Use (CONFU) that was established by the Administration to consider how to protect fair use in the digital environment. In spite of the hard work of the participants, CONFU has so far been unable to forge a comprehensive agreement on guidelines for the application of fair use to digital distance learning.  We made tremendous strides in the Committee to chart the appropriate course for updating the Copyright Act to permit the use of copyrighted works in valid distance learning activities.  Senator Hatch, Senator Ashcroft, and I joined together to ask the Copyright Office to facilitate discussions among interested library and educational groups and content providers with a view toward making recommendations for us to consider with this legislation. We incorporated into the DMCA a new section 122 requiring the Copyright Office to make broader recommendations to Congress on digital distance education within six months. Upon receiving the Copyright Office's recommendations, it is my hope that the Senate Judiciary Committee will promptly commence hearings on the issue and move expeditiously to enact further legislation on the matter. I know that all members on this Committee are as anxious as I am to complete the process that we started in Committee of updating the Copyright Act to permit the appropriate use of copyrighted works in valid distance learning activities. This step should be viewed as a beginning--and we are committed to making more progress as quickly as possible.  We have also asked the Copyright Office to examine, in a comprehensive fashion, when the actions of a university's employees might jeopardize the university's eligibility for the safe harbors set out in the bill for online service providers. This is an important and complex issue with implications for other online service providers, including libraries and archives, and I look forward to reviewing the Copyright Office's analysis of this issue.  Amendments sponsored by Senator Ashcroft, Senator Hatch, and I were crafted to address the question of reverse engineering, ephemeral recordings, and to clarify the use of copyright management.  Finally, to assuage the concerns of the consumer, electronics manufacturers, and others, that the bill might require them to design their products to respond to a particular technological protection measure, Senator Hatch, Senator Ashcroft, and I crafted an amendment to clarify the bill on this issue.  I mention all of these things, Mr. President, because it shows why the administration has sent a Statement of Administration policy saying the Administration supports passage of this bill. This is a well-balanced package of proposals. As we go into the next century--the creators, the consumers, those in commerce in this country need the best laws possible. The United States is the leader today. The United States will not be the leader tomorrow without adequate laws.  These laws allow the United States to continue to be the electronic and intellectual property leader of the world. We should pass this bill. We can pass it with pride.  I would like to close by praising the dedicated staff members from the Judiciary Committee who have assisted us in crafting this legislation. They appreciate the significance of this legislation for our country and its economy. In particular, I want to thank Edward Damich and Troy Dow from the Chairman's staff, and Paul Clement and Bartlett Cleland from Senator Ashcroft's staff, for demonstrating what can be done when we put political party allegiances aside and strive to work together in a bipartisan fashion to craft the best bill possible. My hope is that the bipartisan manner in which they worked on behalf of the Chairman and Senator Ashcroft to bridge differences rather than exacerbate them can be replicated on a number of other important issues pending in our Committee.  I would also like to thank those people on my Judiciary Committee staff--Bruce Cohen, Beryl Howell, Marla Grossman, Bill Bright and Mike Carrasco--for their work on this bill. They each put in long hours to help me find solutions to the concerns of a number of stakeholders in this bill. I could always trust their counsel to be fair and conscientious.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  