President, some critics of this Compact argue that the waste should be stored where it is generated. Although this argument is nobly egalitarian, it is not practical nor is it safe.  We cannot control the rainfall in Vermont. We cannot change the density of our soil. And we cannot move the people of Vernon out of the area to meet the criteria of a safe disposal site. So, Vermont had to look somewhere else.  Under this Compact, Texas has agreed to be the host for the disposal site. The Compact does not name a specific site. That is an issue to be decided by the people of Texas, as it should be.  Every other compact approved by Congress gives the host state the right to choose where the disposal facility is sited, according to the laws and regulations of that state. The same is true for this Compact.  Mr. President, I want to take a minute to talk about the process undertaken by Texas to site this storage facility. In 1991, the Texas legislature adopted legislation designating an area of 400 square miles (256,000 acres) in which the Texas Low-Level Authority was required to select a proposed site.  After performing site screening in the area defined by the legislature, the Texas Authority identified a 16,000-acre tract for further analysis, of which 1,300-acres would be used for the proposed site. Texas undertook a siting and licensing process similar to the federal National Environmental Policy (NEPA) process, which included numerous public hearings and technical and environmental reviews.  This process was recently reviewed by the two administrative law judges from the Texas Office of Administrative Hearings, who recommended the Texas Natural Resource Conservation Commission conduct additional analysis before the facility is licensed. The Governor and the State Legislature set up a process to select a site, which should be allowed to more forward.  Congress should not put special restrictions on this Compact simply because Texas is exercising its rights as the host state to determine where the facility will be located.  This Compact also allows the states of Vermont, Maine and Texas to refuse waste from other states. Specifically, Texas will be able to limit the amount of low-level waste coming into its facility from out-of-state sources.  As stated by the Governors of Vermont, Maine and Texas in a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee in April, 1998, ``If the facility opens without a Compact in place, Texas will be subject to accepting waste from around the country, and Maine and Vermont will not be guaranteed any storage space at the facility.'' Under the Compact, there is a controlled process for transporting and disposing of the waste at the facility. Without the Compact, that process evaporates.  This arrangement is not only the best environmental solution to store waste from our three states, it is also the best economic solution. Maine and Vermont together produce a fraction of what is generated in Texas, but by entering into this Compact we will share the cost of building the facility.  Right now, Vermont pays approximately $400 per cubic foot to dispose of our waste. Disposal at the Texas facility will cost only about $200 per cubic foot. If the Compact is not approved, it is the ratepayers of Vermont, Texas and Maine who will have to pay the extra cost of disposal.  Finally, building the facility does not end Vermont's obligation to the safety of this site. We have a long-term commitment to the site, from ensuring that the facility meets all of the federal construction and operating regulations to making sure the waste is transported properly to the site and that the surrounding area is rigorously monitored. Vermont will not send its waste to Texas and then close its eyes to the rest of the process.  I can assure you that Vermont will not send nuclear waste to Texas and then close its eyes to the rest of the process. We are just not going to do that. We are not a State that would do that.  Some might want to say it would be nice if we had no more nuclear waste. Unfortunately, we will. We will continue to have it. And we will still have to dispose of it.  I think we all recognize that there was no perfect solution for dealing with low-level nuclear waste.  But as long as we are generating power from nuclear facilities and as long as our research universities, hospitals and laboratories use nuclear materials, we are going to have to dispose of the waste.  We cannot continue to ignore the need to safely store nuclear waste. To do so would be to ignore the growing environmental problem of storing this waste at inadequate, temporary sites in Vermont, Maine and Texas.  Instead, we need to make a commitment to developing and building the safest facility for long-term storage of waste. That is what our States have done, and Congress should not stand in their way.  