President, I strongly object to the provision included in the DOD conference report that targets service members who are HIV-positive for mandatory discharge. The Department of Defense did not seek and does not support this change in policy. This is a provision built on fear and ignorance and will undermine the strength of our military.  Under current law, service members become nonworldwide deployable due to a number of medical reasons including HIV infection, diabetes, asthma, heart disease, cancer, and pregnancy. This policy, developed by the Reagan administration, allows individuals to continue to provide valuable military service to their country until such time as chronic illness or disability makes them unfit to perform their duties. Singling out the 1,050 service members who are HIV-positive for early separation is discriminatory and highly inappropriate.  Beyond the pure and simple discriminatory nature of this provision, let's look at it as a practical matter. The American people have put a lot of money and resources into the training and development of these service members. Their discharge based solely on their status as HIV-positive throws away the valuable people and taxpayer dollars that have been invested in them.  No one wins with this provision. The service members are unfairly and inappropriately treated, the armed services lose valuable leadership and resources, and the American people lose a valuable investment.  No one can deny that the HIV infection can lead to the deadly AIDS virus. In the same regard, no one can deny that cancer is a deadly disease.  HIV-positive service members are still capable of making many contributions to the armed services.  Anyone who believes that HIV-positive individuals are no longer valuable, vibrant individuals I suggest that you think back to the 1992 Olympic games. Magic Johnson who is HIV-positive led our country to a gold medal in basketball.  We must utilize all of our resources if we are to remain the strongest, most powerful Nation the world has ever known. We simply cannot afford to close the door of service members because of their status as HIV-positive. This provision will set a dangerous precedent. It is built on fear and ignorance, not facts. I hope that we repeal this misguided provision later this year.  