President, I will note that the distinguished Senator from Kentucky is absolutely right. In the 1985 farm bill--I see my good friend from North Dakota here, and I think he recalls the numbers--but the 1985 farm bill took something like 11 or 12 weeks to complete. There were a lot of sessions, as my friend from Kentucky will recall, until midnight or later. The 1990 farm bill set a record. And with the House, the Senator from Kentucky, the Senator from North Dakota, and others, we passed it in 7 days with the distinguished Senator from Indiana--in 7 days. That was an all-time record. But that was 7 days, as my friends will recall, of very intensive debate on some major policy issues involving tens of billions of dollars.  Today I know is a long day. People may be tired. I know I am. I finished work in Vermont about 1:30 this morning and was on a flight right after 6 o'clock this morning to come down here for this.  The distinguished majority leader speaks of partisanship. It really has not been. Farm legislation, to my recollection, has always been bipartisan. We have worked it today. We had one vote of which everybody knew the outcome, the first vote today on cloture. Everybody knew. That was no surprise. The Republican leader, the Democratic leader, and all knew what that was going to be. We had a second one set up where there was a bipartisan coalition seeking it. But then we sought to make it better and to make it more bipartisan--I say to the distinguished presiding officers and others--by Republicans and Democrats. The Republican leader, the Democratic leader, the Republican chairman of the committee, the Democratic ranking member of the committee, and myself sat down and worked out at least some parameters to get us moving forward. I am convinced there is a bipartisan solution here.  This is very complex legislation. Farmers who have to deal with it know it is very complex. I wish it had been done last year. I urged that it be done last year. I understand the other body had difficulty and could not get a bill out of committee at first. We have not had one out of our committee for a number of reasons. It was not done last year. We can easily do it this year, but it would take a little bit of time to work this out.  There are distinguished Members on both sides of the aisle who have strong views who want to have votes. I have not heard a single one say they want to delay it. But at least they want to explain their amendments and have a vote on it. I might have some of my own. We ought to be able to do that. None is asking to hold it up. It takes a few days.  Somebody raised the novel idea today about working out some kind of compromise and maybe we could see it in writing and read it before we voted on it. I do not think that is a bad idea. That is an idea that might actually catch on around here--that we read a piece of legislation and then vote on it. Who knows what the results might be?  So I tell my friends on the other side of the aisle that this is something where Democrats and Republicans can work together. But while it should have been done last year, let us not make the problem worse by rushing it so much this year that it does not get done right.  I thank the Senator from Kentucky for yielding.  