1163, the Northern Forest Stewardship Act, the result of a joint effort on the part of my colleagues from New England and New York--Senators Jeffords, Gregg, Smith, Snowe, Cohen, Moynihan, Kennedy, Kerry, and thousands of constituents who live in our region, one characterized by some 26 million acres of forest spanning four States.  The Northern Forest Stewardship Act of 1995, S. 1163, is an example of what Congress can achieve when it heeds the public's voice. The bipartisan legislation that I introduced with several other northern forest Senators on August 10, 1995, is founded on extensive research, open discussion, consensus decisions, and visionary problem solving by the people who have a stake in the future of the forest.  Legislation rarely embodies such a thorough effort by so diverse a constituency. Our goal was to accurately reflect the recommendations of the northern forest communities, envisioned in the final report of the Northern Forest Lands Council.  The council process was initiated to avoid the conflicts that have divided communities in some regions of our country. These conflicts have very often been fueled by misinformation, politics and short-term economic gain.  Over the past 4 years, northern forest communities have made a dedicated effort to develop a shared vision for their future. They have worked hard to arrive at a consensus and our job is to insure that their efforts are rewarded.  This legislation is guided solely by the council's recommendations--it goes no further, nor does it fall short. The bill includes a package of technical and financial assistance which the Congress can and should support.  Between the Family Forestland Preservation Act (S. 692) and the Northern Forest Stewardship Act (S. 1163), Congress can meet the recommendations made by the people of the northern forest.  The Northern Forest Stewardship Act includes provisions on the council's fundamental principles; formation of forestry cooperatives; defining measurable benchmarks for sustainability; a northern forest research cooperative; interstate coordination and dialog; forest-based worker safety and training; funding for land conservation planning and acquisition; landowner liability; and nongame wildlife conservation.  The legislation embodies the conservation ethic of the 1990's--non-regulatory incentives and assistance to realize community-based goals for sustainable economic and environmental prosperity. The rights and responsibilities of landowners are emphasized, the primacy of the States is reinforced, and the traditions of the region are protected. Yet, the bill also promotes new ways of achieving our goals and a common vision that did not exist several years ago.  Moving ahead with the Council's work, we will pursue enhanced forest management, land protection that supports the recreational and wildlife needs of the region, integrated research and decision making, and increased productivity in the traditional as well as new compatible industries.  Through this bill, we can boost sustainable development and protect the ecological integrity of biological resources across the landscape. The Nation has taken notice of this highly successful effort as a model for meeting the conservation challenges of the country, and I am confident of its inevitable success.  We welcomed the constructive input of many people and organizations who compared our legislation with the final recommendations, research, and public participation of the Northern Forest Lands Council.  It was our goal to create the best possible representation of the future described in the report to Congress, Finding Common Ground: Conserving the Northern Forest--to make the Council's solutions work, and work well. I want to thank the many citizens for their hard work which helped shape the final product.  The Northern Forest Stewardship Act is the work of many people. I want to congratulate the members of the council for their success, and most importantly the people of the northern forest for their enthusiasm during the long process. Thousands of people took time to turn out for public meetings and share their views on the northern forest. Hundreds more put pen to paper or picked up the phone to register their thoughts.  Senators Gregg, Jeffords, Cohen and Snowe deserve particular thanks for their contributions to this effort.  The Northern Forest Lands Council recommendations reflect the first, true consensus vision of northern forest communities. We must reward that cooperation by providing a fair and true legislative reflection of their combined wisdom.  