 Mr. President, it probably makes sense this is the first thing we are debating this morning because of the fact that it is a dairy amendment and dairy farmers get up early, work hard, maybe a little bit early for some of our friends in the Senate, but Senator Jeffords' and my good friend, Harold Howrigan, up in Franklin County, VT, is up there. He has already finished milking, had breakfast, and probably back in the barn now feeding the calves.  I mention him for this reason: Harold is the president of the St. Albans Cooperative, but first and foremost a hard working dairy farmer like so many men and women in Vermont. I hope when we debate this amendment we consider how it will affect the average dairy farmer. This compact was an idea that came from Vermont. It could help Vermont's hard working farmers get a better return for their work. It will also help consumers gets more stable prices.  All of New England is united in this effort. I ask those who would vote against it, how would they explain to somebody in New England why they did it? It allows the States to take over their own destiny.  We hear all kinds of talk about the need to give more responsibility back to the States. We heard it across town at the National Governors' Association, telling Members of Congress to do that. In fact, I tell my colleagues, if I understand the wire service copy I was reading at about 1 o'clock this morning, the National Governors' Association has voted to support this concept. Now, the Senate also voted that way, 65 to 34.  This is not something that is anticonsumer legislation. It is something where people come together in their own region to help their own region.  We are talking about beverage milk. That is a regional market. You do not drive milk halfway across a country. You do it in the region. Over 97 percent of the package milk sold in New England comes from bottlers regulated in New England. The rest comes from outside. Less than 1 percent comes from outside our region.  This is also not closing out other markets. They are not there, anyway. Fluid milk remains within the region where it is. It also is not something where the consumers are going to be gouged. This compact would increase prices only if four of the six New England States agree to it.  Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts have 11 million consumers. They have fewer among all of them than 1,000 farmers. This is not a case where some farm bloc is going to roll over consumers. It is going to have to be something where the consumers want to do it, not that the farmers want to do it. They are an infinitesimal part of the population involved.  It also will make the point that it is not the farmer that is getting this money, it is the retailer. The past 12 years, farm prices fell 5 percent. Retail prices, I ask my friend from Vermont, I believe went up about 30 percent, is that not right, or more, during that same time? If you want to look at the price of milk, look to the retailers. It is amazing, as the price goes down to the producer, the cost goes up in the supermarket.  I yield back to my friend from Vermont, but I ask if that is not the case?  