President, I have a number of serious concerns and questions about the conference report on the line-item veto, S. 4.  First, the line-item veto encourages minority rule by allowing a Presidential-item veto to stand with the support of only 34 Senators or 146 Representatives. This is not majority rule. We are back to anti-democratic super-majority requirements, which I thought were dismissed during the balanced budget amendment debate.  By imposing a two-thirds supermajority vote to override a Presidential-item veto, the line-item veto undermines the fundamental principle of majority rule. Our Founders rejected such supermajority voting requirements on matters within Congress' purview.  Alexander Hamilton described supermajority requirements as a poison that serves to destroy the energy of the government, and to substitute the pleasure, caprice, or artifices of an insignificant, turbulent, or corrupt junto to the regular deliberations and decisions of a respectable majority.  Such supermajority requirements reflect a basic distrust not just of Congress, but of the electorate itself. I reject that notion.  Moreover, supermajority requirements in any line-item veto bill is overkill. I am afraid that this bill will sacrifice many worthy projects on the altar of supermajority votes.  But supermajority power is not needed to strike wasteful line items.  The purpose of any line-item veto bill is to give the President the power to expose wasteful line items to the sunlight of a congressional vote.  A majority vote is enough to kill any wasteful line item while still allowing Members to convince their colleagues to vote for a worthy line item.  In addition, these supermajority requirements hurt small States, like my home State of Vermont, by upping the ante to take on the President.  Under the line-item veto, Members from small States would have to convince two-thirds of Members in each House to override the President's veto for the sake of a project in another Member's district.  With Vermont having only one representative in the House, why would other members risk the President's wrath to help us with a project vetoed by the President?  Another question mark under this conference report is tax breaks.  Under the bill, the President has authority to veto only limited tax benefits, which are defined as providing a Federal tax deduction, credit or concession to 100 or fewer beneficiaries.  Any accountant or lawyer worth his or her high-priced fee will be able to find more than 100 clients who can benefit from a tax loophole. If more than 100 taxpayers can figure out a way to shelter their income in a tax loophole, the President would not be able to touch it. The bigger the loophole in terms of the number of people who can take advantage of it, the safer it is.  The definition of limited tax benefit sounds like a tax loophole in itself.  Would the President have line-item veto authority over the capital gains tax cut described in the House Republican Contract With America?  It certainly is estimated to lose revenue--the bipartisan Joint Committee on Taxation has estimated that the contract's capital gains tax cut would lose almost $32 billion from 1995 to 2000.  Yet somehow I think a capital gains tax cut would fall beyond the scope of being a limited tax benefit under this legislation.  Why do we not quit this shell game. Just state in plain language that the President has line-item authority over all tax expenditures.  I believe we should tread carefully when expanding the fiscal powers of the Presidency. The line-item veto will change one of the fundamental checks and balances that form the separation of powers under the Constitution--the power of the purse.  The line-item veto hands over the spending purse strings to the President, whose cuts would automatically become effective unless two-thirds of both Houses of Congress override the veto.  The President would have no burden of persuasion while a Member would have the Herculean task of convincing two-thirds of his or her colleagues in both Houses to care about the vetoed project.  It is truly a task for Hercules to override a veto. Just look at the record--of the more than 2,500 Presidential vetoes in our history, Congress has been able to override only 105.  As noted so well in The Federalist Papers: ``the accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few or many, and whether hereditary, self-appointed, or elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny.''  Let us not try to score cheap political points at the expense of over 200 years of constitutional separation of powers.  