President, I just want to make sure my colleagues understand the Senator from Wyoming and I have a longstanding friendship and affection and respect for each other, but we do look at this somewhat differently.  To begin with, regarding the vote on the anti-terrorism bill, while the issue may appear similar, the procedural situation was much different. There my motion would have required a recommitting of the whole conference report, a great burden to overcome.  As a matter of fact, I had a number of Senators come up to me and say, ``Why do you not do this on the immigration bill? We will have a lot easier time voting for you on the immigration bill.'' Well, God bless you all, you will now have a chance to vote with me on the immigration bill.  In addition, that motion did not include the creation of authority for the Attorney General to declare a special migration situation of immigration emergency. The amendment I offer today includes such provisions.  Further, when we talk about the people coming in with false passports fleeing persecution, they do not get a hearing under the bill. They get an interview. They get an interview by whoever is there at the border, and they can get kicked out right then and there. It is cruel, it is fundamentally unfair to a traumatized and fatigued refugee, who would be allowed no assistance and no interpreter, to treat them so summarily.  The kind of screening process provided in the bill will mean an investment of enormous resources for a special screening that we do not need. We would be requiring extra resources to do an ineffectual job.  In 1995, for example, after our asylum processes were reformed, we had only 3,287 asylum seekers who arrived without valid documents. They could be handled through the normal process. They do not have to be bounced out following some truncated and confusing interview. As we have heard, these people have faced such traumatic experiences. They are not likely to be prepared to respond when hit with that first, all important interview.  We reformed, in 1994 and 1995, our asylum processes. The Justice Department can handle it very well under my amendment.  Do not confuse illegal immigrants with refugees.  This bill would establish summary exclusion procedures for refugees seeking to claim asylum. It would give low-level immigration officers unprecedented authority to deport refugees without allowing them a fair opportunity to establish valid claims. These provisions should not even be in this bill, if it is intended to focus on the problems of illegal immigration. Refugees who seek asylum in the United States are not causing problems for America and Americans. They come to us for refuge. They come to us for protection. They come to us for what America promises in constitutional freedoms and protections. We should not turn them back, and turn our back on them or destroy our country's reputation for protecting human rights.  Look at the Washington Times editorial, look at the Washington Post editorial, look at the New York Times editorial. They express the feelings of so many in this country.  Think about a person who talked before a press conference here on Capitol Hill yesterday, Alan Baban, who was held 16 months in detention.  He is a Kurdish national who had been in prison for over a year in Iraq. He was tortured, both because of his Kurdish nationality and his political involvement with an organization committed to securing political freedom for Kurds. His body has the scars of that ordeal. At one point in his captivity he bribed a guard and he escaped. His family's possessions were seized by the Iraqis.  Finally, in November 1994, he and his mother, who had been hiding for close to 3 years, used false documents to get out and arrived in the United States.  Most of us know what terrible treatment the Kurds have had at the hands of the Iraqis. But somehow the immigration inspector at the airport did not believe Alan and did not think that he had established a credible claim of persecution. So Alan was placed in detention, in prison, in the United States. A year later, without a translator to help him, he was denied political asylum.  After 16 months in detention, when his true story came out, an immigration judge finally granted him asylum. Yesterday, he thanked the United States for finally listening to him and letting him out.  This is one of a number of examples of refugees who were initially ruled not to have satisfied a credible fear standard but who after a hearing were able to prove a claim for asylum.  I know the Senator from Massachusetts is seeking time.  Before I yield the floor, Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment.  