President, I congratulate the distinguished chairman in getting the foreign operations bill through in record-setting time. For the last few years, even though we have had to work without an authorizing bill, we have moved this bill through each year in record time. I appreciate the fact that he has had a strong commitment to our responsibilities worldwide.  I worry that at a time--as I said earlier, when it is so easy to get the quick applause lines back home for Members of Congress--when they say, ``Well, by gosh. I will never send money to foreign countries,'' or, ``We are only going to spend it here at home,'' that really what they are saying is that we are not going to develop our export markets worldwide; we are not going to help establish democracy so we do not have to send our men and women into harm's way to protect American interests when democracy fails; and that we as the most wealthy nation history has never known we are not going to carry out our moral responsibility to help those who are less fortunate.  I think next year the President, whoever that may be, and the leaders of this committee and the House committee, the leaders of the Senate and the House, whoever they may be, ought to sit down and honestly face the whole question of what our foreign assistance programs should consist of as we enter the next century.  Senator McConnell has taken a very progressive attitude as he always has on this. Many others want to make it a political kickball. I hope after the elections that enough people in both parties would sit down to form a bipartisan consensus, which is always the best way to develop foreign policy, and determine how we should spend our money.  It should not escape the notice of Members that over a dozen countries spend a larger percentage of their budget on foreign aid and foreign policy than we do. Many of these countries face difficult budgetary problems as we do. Some actually spend more dollars; Japan, for example. Some of these countries do it out of altruism but most do not. Most of them do it out of hard-eyed realism. They know that the money they spend is helping to create jobs and, frankly, Mr. President, I would expect that there are those in a country like Japan which relies heavily on exports who are delighted to see the United States withdrawing from the world stage because they know what is going to happen. But the reality is that it is in everyone's interest, both ours and our allies, for the United States, the world's oldest democracy, the world's strongest military power, and the world's largest economy, to remain actively engaged.  It is the American workers who will be laid off because exports decline. It will be Americans who will be a greater burden on their Government because the jobs leave our shores. Our competitors will increase their foreign markets because they have taken an interest in foreign aid and they have created jobs in the developing countries--in Asia, Latin America, and we are seeing the beginnings of a potentially huge market in Africa. Our markets in Europe and the First World are very saturated. If we are going to expand out exports, it is going to be in the Third World, where 95 percent of new births are occurring.  So that is the nonaltruistic argument. If we want to look at just dollars and cents, I hope that those who go home and make the great speeches and get the applause for cutting foreign aid will also at the same time say, oh, and by the way, that plant that once exported tractors that just closed and those 500 workers who are without jobs, I helped that, too. I helped close that plant. I helped shut off our access to markets worldwide, because that is really what they do.  Then ultimately we should ask ourselves the moral question. We in this country spend a few pennies per capita in some of the poorest parts of the world such as sub-Saharan Africa, a few pennies per capita even though we are the wealthiest nation on Earth. We are less than 5 percent of the world's population, but we use a quarter of the world's resources. We have a moral responsibility. In this bill, when we cut everything from UNICEF to assistance for refugees, we should ask ourselves: what do we stand for? Are we really living up to our responsibility to help ease the suffering of the billion or more people who go hungry every day?  As appropriators we have done the very best we could with the resources and the allocation we had. We have really tried to be responsible in all of these areas. But sooner or later, we are going to have to sit down and ask, can we year after year continue to cut these programs? Not if we expect to preserve or influence in the world as a protector of democracy and human rights, not if we expect to see our economy grow, not if we expect to alleviate some of the misery in the world.  With that, Mr. President, I will yield, but I do thank not only my distinguished colleague from Kentucky but also Robin Cleveland, who he mentioned and whose willingness to work in a bipartisan way with my staff was very appreciated, and Jim Bond, the clerk of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, who I have worked with now for 22 years in the Senate and for whom I have great respect and appreciation. I also want to mention Juanita Rilling of the Committee staff, who has been an especially strong voice for protecting programs that benefit needy women and children; Anne Bordonaro, a Vermont intern from South Burlington who has been assisting the Foreign Operations Subcommittee this summer, and Emelie East, who is a member of the Appropriations Committee staff and manages the affairs of four different subcommittees; and the man who does the work of 20, Tim Rieser, who has worked on everything from the landmine ban to trying to make sure that we are responsible in what we do. Tim, who does the work on our side of the authorizing and appropriating committees, and does it on 20-hour days, deserves credit and our thanks. He is typical of many on our Senate staffs on both sides who are the unsung heroes who make this place work. I also want to thank several other staff members on our side who helped along the way, including Dick D'Amato of the Appropriations Committee staff whose expertise in trade issues was very helpful, and who worked hard to ensure that humanitarian assistance can get to needly people in Azerbaijan. Diana Olbaum of the Foreign Relations Committee staff was as always a great help, as was Janice O'Connell, and Sheila Murphy of the majority leader's office.  I see the distinguished majority leader on the floor, and I yield the floor.  