I thank my good friend from New York State. We have the privilege of living parts of the year in the northern parts of our two States. I commend him for the strong work that he has done on this. He has been a stalwart supporter, as well as the Senator from Connecticut and the Senator from Massachusetts, of the question of the minimum wage.  Mr. President, it really comes down to this: Working Americans deserve the opportunity to earn a decent wage.  It has been more than 5 years since the last increase in the minimum wage. You would think when it has been more than 5 years, that would be enough reason to increase the minimum wage, just that issue alone. But during the last 5 years, living costs have not stood still. In fact, the cost of living has gone up.  Since 1991, the average monthly gas bill has gone up. Since 1991, the average monthly electric bill has gone up. In fact, in my home State of Vermont, where many Vermonters use wood stoves to heat their homes, and when it is 20 below zero--that is not a luxury in heating your homes--but since 1991, the average cost of a cord of wood has gone up. But throughout all this time, the minimum wage has stayed the same.  The basic living costs of working Americans in every area--food, heat, shelter, transportation--have gone up. But the minimum wage has remained the same.  In fact, the minimum wage is at a 40-year low, as far as its buying power. The minimum wage earner today grosses only $8,840 a year.  I defy anybody in this body to try to raise a family on that amount of money. But there are people who do.  In Newport, VT, the most rural area of my home State, Brian Deyo and his family have been trying to do just that. In fact, the Wall Street Journal reporter met Mr. Deyo and his family and wrote the article about the sheer harshness of life on the minimum wage.  Mr. Deyo works full time in a hockey stick factory. He brings home $188.40 a week. A lot of the time he and his wife have had to choose between paying rent, or buying food, or paying the medical expenses for a chronically ill daughter.  They talk about sometimes during especially tough times, Mr. Deyo will take his last $5 and go down to the hardware store and buy a box of bullets to go hunting in the Vermont woods because that is the only way his family is going to eat. And he will go out there and hope that he gets lucky and finds a deer.  But I think Mr. Deyo said it better than any of us ever could. He said, and I quote him, ``I'm proud to be a working man. I only wish I could make a living.''  So I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the Wall Street Journal article about Brian Deyo and his family, entitled ``Minimum Wage Jobs Give Many Americans Only a Miserable Life,'' be printed in the Record after my remarks.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ashcroft). Without objection, it is so ordered.  (See exhibit 1.)  