President, my point is that we have seen some great changes in the Food Stamp Program, some very significant improvements, over the years. We have seen other improvements that we wait to come forth, like the use of electronic benefit transfer.  I have been very proud to work very closely with the now chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee and, before that, the ranking member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, the senior Senator from Indiana, in making these improvements. They have saved a lot of money. I also point out that the Food Stamp Program is extremely important.  During the last administration, 40,000 to 45,000 people were added every single week in the 4 years President Bush was President--40,000 to 45,000 every single week for 4 years were added. That is, in over 200 weeks they were added to the food stamp rolls.  Let me just remind my friend from New Mexico and others about this. When we talk about whether this program is utilized in a Republican or Democratic administration, it is a program for everybody. During the Bush administration, every single week, because of the way the economy was, 40,000 people were added, at the taxpayers' expense, to the food stamp rolls.  We have been fortunate with the efforts to balance the budget and improve the economy, and since President Clinton came in, 2 million people have been able to drop from the food stamp rolls, as compared to 40,000 people a week being added in the 200 weeks during the past administration. Two million people have now been taken off in this administration. That is good news for the economy and good news for the taxpayers. But it also points out that in both Democratic and Republican administrations, we should be protecting the Food Stamp Program.  Reform it? Yes. My point is, of course, that a computer program that simply cuts children off without reform is not reform. We should be willing to stand up as legislators and make the tough decisions on how to reform the Food Stamp Program, and not simply say to a computer program: Here, you do it. We cannot totally cut off children because they do not vote, they do not contribute, and they are not part of the political process. They will never complain.  We will not touch anything in areas of senior citizens, or anybody else, because they do vote and they do complain. By golly, those children--tough. Go hungry.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hatfield). Who seeks recognition?  