President, I am happy to give another stirring speech if it would help, as I know I will have the unrestrained attention of the distinguished Presiding Officer who otherwise may find it difficult keeping both eyes open, but I would rather other Senators present their amendments so we could, as much as I know everyone prefers staying and working on this amendment, so we could get out of here on this thing. I understand the cloakroom is looking for other amendments.  I must say, in seriousness, we end up making policy sometimes directly and sometimes indirectly on this bill. We do affect the authorization as well as the appropriation on this bill because we do not have a piece of authorizing legislation to work from.  I urge Senators to understand what has happened as we have allowed ourselves to be captured by our rhetoric. The irony is that during the Reagan administration, I recall Senators still in this body who would say they strongly applaud President Reagan's efforts to curtail foreign aid. And yet, of course, President Reagan supported nearly $25 billion in foreign aid. Now that same rhetoric, they say, ``We have to do something; now that the Clinton administration is here the foreign aid has risen.'' Well it is now down around $10 or $11 billion under the current administration. At some point, we should stop the rhetoric and face the reality.  The fact of the matter is we have interests worldwide. If we want to have a fortress America, we should make that decision. But I am afraid that is a fortress that would find its walls quickly crumbling. Much of what keeps our economy growing is our export market. What keeps America strong is the fact we are recognized as a global power with far-reaching responsibilities and far-reaching benefits.  When we pat ourselves on the back and praise ourselves for the cuts that we have done in international organizations, in international efforts, we ought to ask, why is it that some of our strongest economic competitors like Japan and others are so happy to see us withdraw, so they can step in. The fact is very simple, Mr. President, they are creating jobs.  Many countries spend a great deal more than we do as part of their budget on so-called foreign aid and development. The reason they do it, of course, is not out of any sense of moral responsibility or altruism. They do it because it creates jobs. It creates an export market for their products. It creates a presence in these countries as they develop their own economic powers. It helps stability so they do not have to get involved in regional battles. But it creates jobs.  They see the United States withdrawing and withdrawing and refusing to get involved in international efforts of economic development in these countries and they see U.S. jobs being lost. Our companies that export, our companies that have the ability to do so, are just laying off people left and right as we withdraw.  It is strange to me, Mr. President, how some of the same Members of this body who brag about how they will try to stop any efforts for economic development or democracy building in other parts of the world, will stand here and bemoan the fact that other countries in the Pacific basin or Europe or elsewhere are taking away our export jobs. They fail to see the connection. Of course, there is a connection.  As I said this morning, there is also a moral imperative here. In parts of sub-Saharan Africa we help out with aid, maybe 20 to 50 cents per capita or less. We have spent more for the costs of the Congressional Record debating this bill so far today than the per capita income of many of these countries, of whole families, in many of these countries. We will spend 25 to 50 cents there, yet we will use 50 percent or more of the world's resources with 5 percent of the world's population.  We have a moral responsibility. No matter how one looks at it, we can argue we have a responsibility to help out with other parts of the world. There is our moral responsibility, but also it makes economic good sense.  I see the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts on the floor, so I yield to him.  