Basically, the way it was zipped through the Judiciary Committee and called up here with a protective series of amendments and a cloture petition was done in such a way that you cannot even attempt to amend it. It is bumper-sticker politics. It is campaign fodder. But it is not a serious debate. I say that meaning no disrespect for the handful of Senators--and it really is only a handful of Senators--in this body who actually do want a constitutional amendment on term limits.  The way this has been set up almost guarantees that there will be no cloture voted. Certainly guarantees that my amendment, which would make it apply to each of us and thus make it real term limits, could not be voted on. Some want to be able to stand up and say, ``I was for term limits. Gosh, what a shame we did not get to vote on it.'' And they will blame everybody else.  I suspect that we will probably see the Whitewater prosecutor coming in and blaming the President and the First Lady for this. Lord knows, he is blamed for just about everything else, from tornadoes to whether they made $1,000 or lost $1,000.  Frankly, I feel sorry for my good friend from Tennessee, whom I know does believe strongly in favor of term limits but is being put through a charade. The charade is this: In the first 5 minutes of consideration last Friday,the Republican leadership acted to ensure two things--that the proposal would not be fully debatable and amendable, and that there would be no votes on the merits in the Senate this year.  I regret that the American people have to endure this surreal display by a body that is yet to complete action on the budget, or appropriations, for the fiscal year that is more than half over.  Debate has been cut out. This constitutional amendment is really an incumbent's protection limit bill. Understand, Madam President, what it means. The American people think that we are voting for term limits. We are not.  If we were to pass this in the House and Senate and send it to the States for ratification, do you know what this means? It means that a five-term Senator in this body who voted for term limits could have three more terms. They are not limited to two. They could have eight. I know that there are Senators who say they are for term limits, and apparently, on at least one occasion, have been for term limits before I was born. But they will keep on being here. They will keep on running. This does not limit them.  For example, consider a fourth-term Senator under this provision. The Senator could have at the very least two more terms and probably have three more terms under this amendment for a total of six or seven, not just two terms. That Senator could end up voting for term limits and become a seven-term Senator.  What the proposed amendment does say is that somewhere way out into the next century those men and women running for office could be limited, but not those of us who are here. We protect ourselves under this.  What we have is a case where you could say you are voting for a constitutional amendment to consider limits on everybody else, but we end up protecting ourselves.  So it is like Moliere's ``Tartuffe.'' In that play, a hypocrite succeeds for a time in fooling others and profiting from their naivete and trust. In the play, as here, in the end the hypocrisy is revealed and justice is done.  The fundamental hypocrisy in this term limits debate is that is has been orchestrated to include a special exemption for current Members of Congress. It has been designed expressly to disregard the full terms of service of current Members. This is guaranteed.  For example--I only take these out as examples--I have great respect for our distinguished President pro tempore who was first elected to the Senate some 40 years ago--some 40 years ago, when I was 15, and has served in the Senate since I was 15. He would be able to run for at least three more terms. Knowing him, I suspect that he would be healthy enough to do it.  Our Judiciary Chairman observed in his additional views to the Committee report: ``[I] have no personal interest in the prospects of such an amendment. Even were it to be passed by Congress and ratified by the States in relatively short order, it likely would not bar me from running for reelection until the year 2012, when I would be a spry 78 years of age. There are many things that I hope to be doing in the year 2012. Running for reelection is not on the list.''  I want to commend the House Judiciary Committee Chairman and our Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman for being honest in their views and declaring their opposition to term limits from the outset. Chairman Hyde made an impassioned speech on the House floor during their debate last year and Chairman Hatch observed in his additional views in the Committee report his ``strong reservations'' against the proposal and his reasons for them.  I just worry that what much of the Senate is saying is one thing but what we are doing is something entirely different. In his column over the last weekend, George Will may have said it best when he noted that the Republican majority is ``deceiving the country about a principle of constitutional dimension.''  If people really want to take this seriously, they would be moving to vote on the Leahy amendment, which would say any constitutional amendment would take effect immediately upon ratification without a special exemption for sitting Members. Obviously, you could finish serving the term you were in, but if that was your second or greater term, you could not run again. Instead, the way this is set up, a Senator can be in his fourth or fifth term, and run for as many as three more terms.  If we intend to consider term limits, let us make it a real term limit. If not, then what we are doing is simply playing games.  When I look at my own State, my predecessor Republican was elected the year I was born and served until I got here. The people in each of our States make up their minds about what makes sense in term limits. As the representative of a small State, I am acutely aware that we fulfil the purposes of the Senate and the best interests of our States when we obtain a bit of seniority and a track record on the issues. I urge all of our colleagues from smaller States to consider on this point the additional views of Senator Biden and Senator Hatch from the Committee report. As Senator Biden eloquently noted, the Connecticut Compromise and the equality of small States are put at issue by this proposed constitutional amendment. Term limits were viewed by the Founders as both ``pernicious'' and ``ill-founded''.  I have an enormous amount of respect for the distinguished majority leader. I have served with him throughout my whole Senate career. But he would have had to leave at the end of my first term had there been a 2-term limit in effect. The distinguished majority leader is one of the most able legislators of either party with whom I have served. I think that the country is better off because he is here. I hope that does not hurt his standing back home, but I mean it most sincerely.  This could be said of all of the majority and minority leaders we have had here in both parties. These have been extremely able people--Senator Mansfield, Senator Baker, Senator Byrd, Senator Mitchell, Senator Dole, and Senator Scott. These are people that we would not have seen under term limits.  I must oppose what I perceive to be a growing fascination with laying waste to our Constitutions and the protections that have served us well for over 200 years. The First Amendment, separation of powers, the power of the purse, the right of the people to elect their representatives, should be supported and defended. That is the oath that we swore when we entered this public service. That is our duty to those who forged this great document, our commitment to our constituents and our legacy to those who will succeed us.  The Constitution should not be amended by sound bite. This proposed constitutional amendment evidences a distrust not just of congressional representatives but of those who sent us here, the people of our States. Term limits would restrict the freedom of the electorate to choose and are based on disdain for their unfettered judgment. These are not so much term limits as limits on the electorate to choose their representatives.  To those who argue that this proposal will embolden us or provide us added independence because we will not be concerned about reelection, I would argue that you are turning our democracy on its head. This proposal would have the effect of eliminating accountability, not increasing it.  It is precisely when we stand for reelection that the people, our constituents, have the opportunity to hold us accountable. This proposal would eliminate that accountability by removing opportunities for the people to reaffirm or reject our representation. It would make each of us a lame duck immediately upon reelection.  My fundamental objection to the proposed constitutional amendment is this: It is, at base, distrustful of the electorate. It does not limit candidates so much as it limits the rights of the people to choose whoever they want to represent them. We should be acting to legislate more responsively and responsibly, not to close off elections by making some candidates off limits to the voters. I will put my faith in the people of Vermont and keep faith with them to uphold the Constitution.  Now, let me ask, Madam President, I would like the opportunity to call up my amendment. I filed it to the underlying bill and to the variety of procedural alternatives filed by the Republican majority. It is my understandingthat in the procedural posture that we have been put, I cannot call up my amendment as Leahy amendment Nos. 3700, 3701, 3702, or the four second-degree amendments I filed earlier this afternoon.  Is my understanding correct that no Leahy amendment is in order?  