President, over the weekend, much has been said about the two terrorist acts this country has faced. I assume that the crash of the TWA flight was caused by an act of terrorism. Obviously, the bomb in Atlanta was an act of terrorism. I assume the two are not connected and the motivation for either may be entirely different. But I hope that the American people will not allow themselves to be held hostage by these terrorists, because if we do, the terrorists win.  This is a great country. We sent armies to fight nazism and fascism around the world. This is a great nation that mobilized in World War II and did not allow the armies of Hitler to defeat us or the cowardly attack on Pearl Harbor to destroy us. If we did not allow those forces, that eventually numbered in the millions, to defeat us, we should not allow a few crazed people, no matter what their motivation, to do the same.  I also hope that we will have a careful and studied response of what is the best way to go after them. I feel strongly that better intelligence--and we have probably the best in world--that better and more intelligence is very important. Our law enforcement, State, local, and Federal, have worked with the greatest cooperation I have ever seen. We should admire Jim Kallstrom, the FBI agent in charge of the investigation into the TWA crash. And certainly, when we watch the Georgia authorities and the Federal authorities come together in Atlanta, for those of us who once served in law enforcement, we can only marvel at this level of cooperation.  But we should realize we are going to face more, not less but more, terrorist attempts in our country. We are the most powerful nation on Earth. Nobody can send an army marching against us or an air force flying against us or navy sailing against us. We are far too powerful.  But like any great democracy, we have one vulnerability. That is not a million-person army marching against us, but a half dozen well-dedicated, well-trained, strongly motivated terrorists. Their motivation may be to go to Heaven, their motivation may be some twisted psychotic sense that they are doing right. But they are the ones in a democracy who can strike the most, especially against a technologically advanced democracy like ours.  I heard some over the weekend say, ``Boy, we'll get them. We'll just increase the penalties.'' I remind everybody that in Georgia, what happened carries a potential death penalty under Georgia law, to say nothing of the potential death penalty under Federal law. I remind my colleagues, in most criminal matters, penalties are rarely a deterrence because the person does not expect to get caught.  The example I use are two warehouses side by side. One has virtually no lock on it, another has a state-of-the-art security system. The penalty for breaking into these warehouses is the same. But a burglar, of course, would take the unguarded one because he assumes he will not be caught.  We have to realize that you stop terrorism not by the easy feel-good things like simply passing legislation, saying we will be tough because we will increase all the penalties or whatever, because these acts carry the death penalty. But, rather, we take the very hard and difficult steps of making sure that our law enforcement is properly funded, equipped, and trained, that they have the tools necessary, within a democratic society, the investigative tools necessary to do this, and that we realize as a nation that while we watch terrorist activity in Great Britain, Germany, in France, in the Middle East, Israel, several of the Arab nations, the terrorism can strike at us. It can be from outside our borders, as the World Trade Tower bombs were, or home-grown, as Oklahoma City now appears to be. Either way, we are not immune. That is the bad side.  The plus side is that we are a resilient nation of 260 million people of diverse backgrounds, diverse philosophies and faiths, nationalities coming together to make one very great, vibrant nation, the most powerful democracy that history has ever known. And it is. We are so powerful, we are so vibrant because we have opened ourselves to all kinds of ideas, have encouraged all kinds of ideas.  We should not allow the terrorists to stop us from having this exchange of ideas and this openness of views. Virtually all Americans will join together in wanting these people caught. But virtually all Americans want to make sure we retain the constitutional freedoms that made us so great.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  