President, I rise in strong opposition to the omnibus national parks bill. There are so many problems with the Utah lands provisions that I hardly know where to begin in urging other Senators to vote against this package.  The Utah lands provision is simply unacceptable. It does not protect enough land, the American public opposes it, it includes hard release language, it sets bad precedents for wilderness designation, it opens unique and beautiful lands to powerlines, dams, pipelines, mining, and other uses, it compromises the heritage of our children, and it achieves all this only by ransoming every other national park project in the Senate.  The proponents of Utah lands language cannot buy public approval at any price. I wrote to Majority Leader Dole last week to make this point perfectly clear. Senators, including this Senator who wants very much to see some of the associated measures pass, will not stoop to pass a so-called wilderness bill that leverages politics against the priceless beauty of remote Utah canyon lands.  I am frustrated by the high-stakes games being forced upon the Senate. One week we have our backs to the wall to finish a late farm bill so that farmers can begin planting. Another week we have our backs to the wall to finish a late appropriations bill so that the Federal Government can stay open. Last summer we were forced to adopt a salvage rider in order to get peace in the Middle East, relief to Oklahoma City bombing victims, and help for flood-damaged communities. In another occasion we have our backs to the wall to simply get veterans' benefits into the mail. Recently, the Senate has not been the deliberative body that Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton, and others envisioned for the greatest Nation in the world. The Senate should consider legislation on its merits. If a bill fails Senate approval, it fails. If it fails a veto override, it fails. Our Constitution sets the rules, and they have served us well for 200 years.  It is time to bring the political parties back together for reasonable debates on reasonable environmental policy. Conservation is as Republican as Richard Nixon and as Democrat as Jimmy Carter. Environmental protection is supported by Americans of all political stripes. I have worked with former Senator Bob Stafford in Vermont to restore the tradition of bipartisanship on environmental issues. Just recently I received a letter from the organization Republicans for Environmental Protection asking Senator Dole to strip the Utah provisions from the bill. It is wrong for any party to charge down a path of exploitation and environmental abuse, and I urge the Senate to correct its course.  My children, and many of the children of my colleagues, will live most of their lives in the next century. We are in a position to decide what the next century will look like. Yes, we got here first. Just as the first explorers made resource decisions centuries ago, we now face similar decisions about the fate of our natural resources. Just as the native Americans and first European settlers decided to protect public lands as commons, we have an obligation to those who will follow. This bill gives the Senate a clear opportunity to decide whether we protect our heritage, or say ``me first'' to the treasures of southern Utah.  The political pressure to support the Utah giveaway is enormous for some of my colleagues. Nonetheless, the responsibility to do the right thing is far more valuable and far more important. I urge the Senate to reject the Utah lands provision.  