The purpose of this program is to help farmers who farm in a areas that flood frequently to move their farming activities off lands that are flooded frequently. It helps farmers by giving them the capital that they need to move their farming operations to fewer risky areas. To the taxpayer, it is a commonsense program that will reduce the long-term taxpayers' exposure for agriculturally related flooding costs. It should help reduce the severity and frequency of floods to the farmers' neighbors.  Crop damages in recent years have been the source of more than half of the property damages in many floods, including the great Midwest flood of 1993. Our farm programs have unfortunately provided incentives that increase flood damages because they have directly supported the growing of easily damaged commodities even in areas that are flood prone. The crop insurance, disaster assistance, and related programs also make the public assume much of the risk of growing commodities in flood prone areas. We have a strong interest in eliminating the authority to help farmers to switch to more flood resistant uses of flood prone land.  It gives farmers the financial capability to move their operations to less risky land. The incentives for farmers to switch to less risky land come from the funds that have in the past been paid to farmers who farm the flood prone land. In this way, we will give farmers in flood prone areas the flexibility to shift to alternative agricultural or conservation uses of land that are less subject to flood damages.  Under section 385 of this act, the Secretary may enter into a contract with a producer under which the producer will agree to forego virtually all of the forms of Federal financial assistance received in flood prone areas. In return, this section provides that the Secretary will provide the farmer a one-time payment equal to 95 percent of the future market transition payments on the land affected. It further provides these funds from the Commodity Credit Corporation regardless of whether it has received advanced appropriations.  Subsection (e) of this section further authorizes the Secretary to provide additional payments to encourage this switch to less flood-sensitive land. It gives the Secretary the authority to add to the farm bills' lump sum payments, funds appropriated for programs that would otherwise be used to support agriculture in flood plans. For example, at a minimum this would include funds appropriated for crop insurance, disaster assistance or conservation programs.  The Secretary is, of course, free to condition payment for these funds on appropriate conditions.  The conferees, by including a separate subsection (e), were merely recognizing that funds are available to the Secretary from different sources--CCCand advanced appropriations. The conference included language requiring advanced appropriations because the conference wished the Secretary to offset any funds provided through the Flood Risk Reduction Program from funds for other appropriated programs that are saved by the flood risk reduction contract.  As you can see, I have fought hard for this Flood Risk Reduction Program. That is why, I am very pleased it is part of this farm bill.  Mr. President, I will speak further at a later time. I notice other Senators on the floor. I see the distinguished senior Senator from North Dakota here, and I know he wishes to speak. I reserve the remainder of my time.  I ask the distinguished Senator, under whose time is he speaking?  