President, I am disappointed and disillusioned by this conference report on the budget resolution for the 1997 fiscal year.  I am disappointed that the conference report lowered next year's discretionary spending by $1.3 billion from the Senate-passed budget resolution. I applaud Senate Budget Committee Chairman Pete Domenici and ranking member James Exon for their strong support of adequate funding for programs that invest in our country. Unfortunately, the House of Representatives refused to accept the Senate's more responsible discretionary spending levels.  Moreover, I am disillusioned that the House budget conferees have resorted to a new budget gimmick. Instead of showing leadership to produce a more moderate budget resolution, they have added a new smoke and mirror--the Government shutdown prevention allowance. This section of the conference report will free up $1.3 billion more in spending only if Congress decides to pass a continuing resolution to fund the Government. This is a billion-dollar incentive for Members to pass a continuing resolution.  After two unnecessary and expensive Government shutdowns and more than a dozen continuing resolutions last year, I have had enough of this piece-meal approach to budgeting. Budgeting by continuing resolutions is a true failure in leadership. Instead of passing the buck by passing continuing resolutions, we should make the tough budget decisions and then vote on them in appropriations bills. Unlike short-term continuing resolutions, year-long appropriations bills allow Federal, State, and local agencies to plan their budgets and make Government more effective.  This conference report also makes harmful short-term cuts in important programs that will have devastating consequences over the long-term. It cuts Medicare and Medicaid more than is necessary to achieve a balanced budget. These cuts would reduce Medicare spending growth per-beneficiary far below projected private sector growth rates. I am disappointed that the majority persists in cutting a program that is vital to 83,000 Vermonters, 12 percent of whom live below the poverty level.  And it cuts environment funding while increasing defense spending by $11 billion for 1997--which is unacceptable in today's post-cold-war world. The people of the United States never voted to gut environmental spending in the last election. They overwhelmingly want to make sure Government provides basic safeguards for a clean environment. This is a job that Government can do and needs to do.   Mr. President, this budget resolution is better than last year's extreme budget, but it still cuts programs for elderly, young and low-income Vermonters more than is necessary to balance the budget. And it hurts the environment while resorting to budget gimmicks.  We can do better than this disappointing and disillusioning budget.  