President, I want to bring Senators up to date on the progress of the past 2 months since the Leahy amendment for a moratorium on the use of antipersonnel landmines was signed into law.  That amendment received bipartisan support from about two-thirds of the Senate. It was supported by the House-Senate conference committee, and it was signed by the President on February 12. I want to thank all those Senators who voted for it. I would also like to thank those Senators who have come up to me since the vote who did not vote for it and said now they wished they had because of the havoc that the mines have wreaked in Bosnia.  In fact, in Bosnia just since December, 38 NATO soldiers have been injured, 7 have been killed by landmines, including 3 Americans. There are 3 million landmines left in Bosnia. To put that in perspective, there are 3 million landmines in a country about the size of Tennessee. They will kill and maim civilians for decades after our troops leave. Children going to school, farmers working in their fields, and people going to market will be dying long after most of us have left the U.S. Senate.  Over the past several years, I have sponsored legislation against antipersonnel landmines. The purpose of my legislation has been to exert United States leadership so that pressure would build on other countries to follow our example. During a lot of that time this was seen as some kind of a crusade of civilians against the military. It was never the case. It was never intended by me to be the case. In fact, one of the greatest encouragements I had in my efforts to ban landmines was the support I received from combat veterans around this country.  Those who say we need antipersonnel landmines should read the April 3 full-page open letter to President Clinton that appeared in the New York Times. In this full-page letter to the President, 15 of the country's most distinguished retired military officers called for a ban on the production, the sale, the transfer, and the use of antipersonnel landmines. They say such a ban would be both ``humane and militarily responsible.''  Look at some of the people who signed this. These are not just wild-eyed theorists. They include Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf; former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. David Jones; the former Supreme Allied Commander, Gen. John Galvin; former Commander in Chief of the U.S. Southern Command, Gen. Frederick Woerner; former Commmanding General, U.S. Readiness Command, Gen. Volney Warner. Mr. President, these are generals who know what has happened.  I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the generals' letter be printed in the Record following my remarks.  