 Mr. President, my message today is very simple--my concern is that the nutrition cuts in the reconciliation bill are going to make children go hungry if they are allowed to stay as they are.  At the beginning of this Congress, I attacked some of those people with the Contract With America crowd because they wanted to repeal the School Lunch Act, at that time in the name of balancing the budget. I also attacked them because they wanted to repeal the school breakfast program and then they wanted to repeal the summer food service program. I am not sure why they did that, but it was interesting to see how the American public reacted. They reacted with outrage.  Now I am afraid that the same American public is being fooled, because these nutrition cuts are now being made in a reconciliation bill. The same nutrition cuts that could not be made frontally are going to be made indirectly in the reconciliation bill.  It appears to me that the Contract With America crowd has totally abandoned its effort to balance the budget. Now they will settle for just taking food from children. The amendment to strike Medicaid without an offset means that senior citizens vote, but it shows they understand that children do not vote. If children could vote, there is no doubt in my mind these nutrition cuts would not be in this bill. In fact, if children could vote, the nutrition cuts that cut the school lunch, school breakfast, and summer reading programs would not even be attempted.  Nationwide, the nutrition cuts will take the equivalent of 20 billion meals from low-income families over the next 6 years. Children do not have political PAC's. Children do not vote. But now we find out what happens, children are the ones that will be hurt by these cuts.  If these cuts had something to do with balancing the budget, or were part of a larger effort to balance the budget, that would at least provide some justification. These programs that the Republican majority propose in child care food programs, these cuts hurt preschool-age children in day care homes in my home State of Vermont and in the rest of the Nation. Families with children will absorb at least 70 percent of the food stamp reductions. The impact on Vermont will be significant. The average food stamp benefit will drop to 65 cents per person per meal. Defy anybody to eat at 65 cents per meal. I think parents will have a very difficult time feeding hungry children on a 65-cent budget. I remember my three children when they were going up could eat you out of house and home. They certainly could not be fed on 65 cents a meal.  Most of these food stamp cuts are done cleverly. There is $23 billion that comes from provisions that alter the mathematical factors and formula used in computer software, so nobody sees or figures it out. But the end result is there are lower benefits for children.  Children will go hungry because new computer programs are used. These hungry children will not even know they have been reformed; neither will their parents. All they will know is they are going to be a lot, lot hungrier once the computers turn on.  Over 95 percent of the cuts in nutrition programs are unrelated to welfare reform. Most cuts are simply implemented by computer software. I do not know how that represents reform--unless somebody feels that a computer can think and feed and knows hunger, and a computer can recognize hungry children.  In fact, in a couple of years, hunger among Vermont children will dramatically increase under this bill. As it isnow written in the nutrition areas, it is antifamily, antichild, it is mean-spirited, and it is really beneath what a great country should stand for. It takes food from children, and it does virtually nothing to reform or improve nutrition programs. In fact, it is not even an attempt to balance the budget, so we can at least say we are doing that for the children in future years.  A lot of talk was made last year about the Contract With America and about how the budget will be balanced with real cuts. I said at that time that I did not think the people who were ``talking that talk'' would ``walk the walk'' by making the real cuts. I was right.  That net result of this Congress will be that the Agriculture Committee baseline is greatly reduced, and that other committees will get away without contributing a penny, let alone their fair share, toward balancing the budget. But what that means is, when it works its way down, it works its way down to children. Why? As I said before, children do not vote, children do not contribute to PAC's, children do not hire lobbyists, children do not get involved in campaigns. So children will go hungry. It is as simple as that. Everybody else gets protected.  The distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee was on the floor here a minute ago. I remember when he came before the Agriculture Committee in 1990. He called the Food Stamp Program ``the backbone of our way of helping the needy in this country.'' I agreed with Senator Domenici when he said that. But now that backbone is being broken in this bill. In a couple of years, there will be a stream of news stories about hungry children standing in lines at soup kitchens, because over 80 percent of food stamp benefits go to families with children.  Let us not have a bill that punishes children because they cannot vote. Let us do what the distinguished Senator from New Mexico said in 1990. Let us remember our children. Let us remember the Food Stamp Program, which, as he said so eloquently, ``is the backbone of our way of helping the needy in this country.''  So, Mr. President, I will have amendments later on to improve this, unless improvements are made before that time. I yield the floor.  