President, I also want to thank the distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Democratic leader for all they have done. The distinguished senior Senator from Indiana said he thanks the distinguished Democratic leader for helping us get the pathway to be here. That is true, we would not be here without that help.  I know, at least in my 21 years here, I have never known a farm bill to go through without some strife. This is probably no exception. But the fact is that we have now brought a farm bill through that we can go to the other body with in a conference. I hope we can go to them and point out that on the final vote it was passed on a bipartisan basis. If we did not have one, had it not been passed on a bipartisan basis, I would not hold out much hope for the conference. Instead, we have one that speaks for those who produce our food and fiber but also includes protection for the environment, conservation, nutrition programs, all of which are important to get a bill that can eventually be signed.  I thank my friend with whom I have worked so many years, Senator Lugar, on such legislation. I thank him for his help and his staff's help, and his honesty and openness to it.  I also want to thank Pat Westhoff for his outstanding economic analyses of complicated proposals; on our staff, David Grahn, who stayed up many nights drafting legal language; Craig Cox, for an outstanding job developing one of the most progressive conservation titles; Tom Cosgrove, for handling a very politically sensitive issue, dairy, and doing it very, very well; Kate Howard, who has done such a great job on trade; Kate DeRemer for her outstanding work on the research title; Brooks Preston for all that he has done for the environment and for forestry; Nick Johnson for his very hard work on rural development. Diane Coates, Kevin Flynn, and Rob Headberg, for all that they have done. Gary Endicott and Tom Cole at the legislative counsel. I would especially like to thank Ed Barron, the Democratic chief of staff, and Jim Cubie, our chief counsel, who I think have not been to bed in several days.  I would say, if any members of their family are watching, I know exactly where they were. They were here all the time, chained to their desks but helping us go through. And also I give my personal thanks to my chief of staff, Luke Albee, who worked so hard with them.  