SIMPSON. Mr. President, much of this is being relieved by the simple procedure of detention facilities. When those detention facilities are available--and we have provided significantly more money for detention facilities--we find that these things are going to be glimmering in more cases. But I wanted to cite it indeed.  Mr. President, I want to emphasize that the bill provides very clearly an opportunity for every single person, every single person without documents, or with fraudulent documents--please hear this--fraudulent documents or proper documents allow every person to seek asylum. A specially trained asylum officer will hear his or her case. This is the key. I want my friend from Vermont to share with me in the debate as we do this, which he will in fairness. A specially trained asylum officer will hear his or her case, and if the alien is found to have a ``credible fear of persecution,'' he or she will be provided a full--full--asylum hearing. However, if he or she does not have such a credible claim, he or she will be subject to the summary exclusion procedures as will all persons who enter without documents or with fraudulent documents.  There is discussion about persons not being permitted to apply for asylum if they do not travel directly from the country in which they allegedly have a fear of persecution. This is always a difficult situation because we find people who will leave the country where they are being persecuted legitimately, or, if they are just simply using an inappropriate way to get here, they will go to one, or two, or three other countries all of which might be democracies, all of which would be free countries, all of which would be giving the precious refuge of a refugee or an aslyee. The only difference between a refugee and an aslyee is a refugee isover in the home country and an aslyee is here. They are absolutely the same. But the term is used ``aslyee'' when they are here, and ``refugee'' when they are there.  So the United States cannot be expected to provide asylum. I am not talking about asylum. I am talking about people who are fleeing persecution or have a well-founded fear of persecution based on race, religion, national origin, or membership in a social or political organization. That is an aslyee. That is a refugee. That is the definition under the law of the United States of America and the United Nations. We will always provide asylum.  There are some great asylee-receiving countries in the world. Two of them have completely revised their asylum laws because of the absolute gimmickry that is taking place. One is my native land, my original native land, Holland, the most open country in the world, a country that gave solace and comfort to fleeing Jews 500 years ago and to those fleeing Nazi Germany. They have now changed their asylum laws the same as we are doing in order to avoid gimmickry. The other country is Germany. After the war, the horror of the war, and the imprint of the Nazis upon the German people, who were appalled--I believe this because I lived among them for 2 years--appalled at the Nazi regime, real Germans are appalled by that.  They realized that, because of what they had done during the war, they made the broadest, most extensive asylum laws in the world because they had to; people were watching them after the war. And being the most generous country, they have had now to simply shut down the process because of gimmickry.  So it is important to know that those who come from a safe country where they could have obtained asylum--normally someone who is fleeing, I mean fleeing in terror of their lives, with the dogs and the soldiers and the arms coming at them--they stop where it is safe to do so, not select or choose leaving one or more safe countries in order to enter the United States or another country for which he or she has a personal preference. And the ultimate personal preference is always the United States of America.  Mr. President, I do want to point out, however, that the Attorney General will have the discretion to waive, under my proposal, under extraordinary circumstances this requirement of direct travel to the United States.  I wish to conclude by saying a few words about the summary exclusion procedure in general. The present system is vulnerable to mass migration and other extraordinary situations and to persons who exploit the numerous levels of administrative and judicial review to stay in this country for years even though they have surreptitiously entered or sought to enter this country or have presented themselves for inspection with fraudulent documents or no documents and such individuals have no grounds for being in the United States of America except the possibility of asylum.  The bill's summary exclusion procedures provide a method for the Attorney General to significantly reduce this problem while still giving aliens a reasonable opportunity to seek asylum or withholding of deportation because of a fear of persecution for race, religion or one of the statutory or treaty grounds. And subject to the credible fear asylum procedure I have already described, an immigration officer can order an alien who has entered without documents or with fraudulent documents to be removed from the United States without bringing the alien before the immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals. Only limited judicial review would be available. It would be limited to a habeas corpus proceeding devoted to no more than three issues:  First, Whether the individual is an alien or if he or she claims to be a U.S. citizen;  Second, Whether the individual was in fact specially excluded;  Third, Whether the individual has proven that he or she is a lawful permanent resident.  The court could order no relief other than the full exclusion hearings.  Finally, let me conclude, at least for this moment, and I hope we will continue toward a result here. We are talking here of immigration, and certainly there has been a reference to female genital mutilation. That is a very serious issue. I certainly concur totally as to the horror of that, and who could not? Certainly any compassionate person could not.  My colleague from Nevada, Senator Harry Reid, noted that Canada had made female genital mutilation a ground of asylum 3 years ago and had only two persons apply since that time. My information from the Canadian Embassy is a bit different, and I hope my colleagues will hear this. All of us admit that this is a hideous, barbaric thing. I understand, first, that this mutilation is not by itself grounds for a grant of asylum. This is our Canadian neighbors. But it is merely one of several factors to be considered in determining whether the applicant qualifies under the definition of a refugee.  Second--I think we must hear this--I understand that as victims of mutilation have come to Canada, they have brought their relatives along with them, or the relatives at least followed later. In any case, the result now has been that the practice of female genital mutilation has become a growing legal and criminal problem in Canada. It has now been imported into Canada, and one or more Provinces plan to make it a criminal offense. Police currently have to prosecute it under the assault statute, I say to my friend from Vermont, who has been a prosecutor, as I have, on the lower levels.  In other words, we have a situation where Canada has found that the victims end up being joined by the perpetrators. That fact suggests as well that we may be dealing here with a cultural practice--and that is exactly what we are dealing with, ladies and gentlemen, a cultural practice--and perhaps not a practice of official government-sanctioned persecution. This is going to be a real debate in the coming times because we in this body talk continually about respect of other cultures--cultures of the native American in my State, cultures of other ethnic groups, cultures of Hispanic-Americans, cultures of African-Americans.  The best practice is not to create some per se ground of asylum but do just as we do in all asylum and refugee determinations, and that is consider each one of them on a case-by-case basis. That is what we must do.  So, again, we get into these situations by our remarkable strength and our remarkable weakness, which is our compassion, and then we get the blend of emotion, fear, guilt, and racism and blend that in, and we do erratic things in immigration reform, or we would not be doing what we are doing in these last days. The reason this is so difficult, you will be on one side or the other and you say: ``How can we do this? Why can't we do this? How can this be? How did I vote this way? How can I get out of this thicket? ''  The reason is, you are going to stay right in it because this is about America. It is about America, and America is a very complex place, thank God. We still have one thing that binds us, or several--a common flag, a common language, and a public culture. When we break it all down into individual cultures, Balkanize these great States that were fought so hard for in this Chamber to unite and to unite in the great melting pot, we do a disservice.  We are about to pass what many in this body will describe as a tough illegal immigration bill, and it will be, and it will pass, whatever form it is. Win or lose your amendments, forget it. It is an accomplishment that we will proudly reflect to our constituents. But remember this: We take in more asylees than all the rest of the countries on Earth, total. We take in more refugees than all the rest of the countries on Earth, total. We take in more immigrants than all the rest of the countries on Earth, total, period.  Finally--you have all heard that a thousand times--and it is very important to someone listening, wherever these words fall, this bill explicitly provides that this special exclusion procedure does not apply if the alien has a credible fear of persecution on one of the required grounds--race, religion, membership in national organization, and so on. Therefore, nearly the entire argument of the Senator from Vermont, my friend, vests on the inadequacy of the procedure provided in the bill to determine whether an alien has a credible fear of persecution--that isthe intent of the Senator from Vermont, saying it is inadequate.  Let me read the standard that would be used by the specially trained asylum officers to determine whether an applicant for asylum has a credible fear of persecution and therefore should receive a full--full--asylum hearing and not be subject to the special exclusion. I cite the language in section 193 on page 173 of the bill, lines 6 through 14, saying:       As used in this section, the term ``credible fear of      persecution'' means that (A) there is a substantial      likelihood--  ``Substantial likelihood'' that is,     that the statements made by the alien in support of the      alien's claim are true, and (B) there is a significant      possibility in light of such statements and of country      conditions--  Which will be determined by the State Department,     that the alien could establish eligibility as a refugee      within the meaning of section 101(a)(42)(A).  That is what this bill provides. It is not some swift or harsh provision. And this bill does not gut our asylum laws. The bill's provisions bring some sense and effectiveness to our asylum laws. These are laws that have been effectively gimmicked over the years because 400,000 backlogged asylum cases can well attest to that.  As my friend from Vermont says, if a person is fleeing for his life because of religious beliefs and must use forged papers and travel through several countries to get here under the bill that person will be summarily sent back--it is not so. If such a person arrives under the provisions of the bill he or she would get a hearing before a specially trained asylum officer. And if he or she had a credible fear of persecution, and there was a substantial likelihood the facts are true, as I have just cited, he or she will be permitted to remain in the United States and have a full asylum hearing when he or she is prepared and ready, with counsel.  So, I yield at this time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Thomas). The Senator from Vermont.  