President, yesterday the Senate adopted the asylum amendment that I offered along with Senators DeWine, Hatfield, Kerry, and Wellstone to preserve our asylum law for those seeking refuge from oppression. In addition to our colleagues who voted for the amendment, there are a number of people to thank for this important change in the Senate bill.  Three of our House colleagues, Representatives Diaz-Balart, Ros-Lehtinen, and Smith felt so strongly about these provisions that they took the extraordinary step of sending ``Dear Colleague'' letters to the Senate urging that others join us ``in protecting human rights around the world'' and in supporting this amendment.  I would like to thank Alan Baban and Ana X. who appeared with me on April 30 in advance of the vote and retold their experiences with oppression and asylum. Without them and the refugees who came forward to make the case, we could not have succeeded in amending this bill and the antiterrorism law.  I want to thank all of those from around the country who wrote to me and my colleagues about the importance of this amendment. I know that the correspondence and calls that I received from Patrick Giantonio of Vermont Refugee Assistance; Gerry Haase of the Tibetan Resettlement Project; David Ferch and Philene Taomina of Groton; Bob Rosenfeld, Jane Bradley, Jean Lathrop, and Helen Rabin of Plainfield; Brenda Torpy and Dr. Jennifer Heath of Burlington; Barbara Buckley of Worchester; Valerie Mullen of Vershire; Helen Reindel, Joanna Messing, Sylvia Terry and Charles Ballantyne of Montpelier; Margaret Turner of Belmont; Don Kizer of Cavendish; Roald Cann of Springfield; Dr. A. Joshua Sherman of Midd; Pinelope Bennett of Norwich; Richard Moore of Putney; Sydney Liff of Attamount;Abbas Alnasrawi of Shelburne; Robert and Mary Belenky of Marshfield; and other Vermonters about the asylum provisions of the bill were most meaningful. They understand what the disastrous impact of the changes in our asylum law, which would have been imposed by this bill, would have meant to real people facing oppression around the world.  I want to thank the Committee to Preserve Asylum, which has worked diligently from the beginning to focus needed attention on these provisions of the bill. Earlier this week I met with a number of representatives of organizations who support this effort, including Eve Dubrow of UNITE; John Fredicksson of the Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service; Richard Foltin of the American Jewish Committee; Richard Li Albores of the National Asian Pacific American Legal Consortium; Michelle Pistone of the Lawyers' Committee for Human Rights; John Swenson of the U.S. Catholic Conference, Carol Wolchok of the American Bar Association; and Patricia Rengel of Amnesty International USA. I thank them all for their efforts on behalf of the asylum amendment and in connection with serving refugees in need from around the world.  I am grateful for the letters of support from the U.S. Catholic Conference, the American Bar Association, the American Friends Service Committee, the American Immigration Lawyers Association, the American Jewish Committee, the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, the Asian Law Caucus, the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, the Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund, the Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church, the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, the United Church Board for World Ministries, the ACLU, the National Asian Pacific American Legal Consortium and the Women's Commission for Refugee Women and Children.  At the risk of offending others, I want publicly to commend Carol Wolchok of the ABA, Michelle Pistone of the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, Michael Hill of the U.S. Catholic Conference, Professor Philip Schrag of Georgetown, and Dr. Allen Keller of N.Y.U. for their tireless efforts on behalf of this amendment. They and those working with them live their commitment to justice and freedom every day. They help make America the great country that it is and must remain.  I am also especially grateful for the support of Bishop Cummins, the chairman of the Committee on Migration of the U.S. Catholic Conference. I had received an earlier letter from Cardinal Law in which he noted his opposition to the provisions in the bill that would have virtually eliminated the United States' commitment to help refugees seek protection from persecution. I am proud that the U.S. Catholic Conference supported the Leahy amendment, even though our amendment does not get as far as they would like.  I want to thank Anne Willem Bijleveld, the Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, for all her support on this matter.  In signing the antiterrorism law last week, the President included the following in his message: ``The bill also makes a number of major, ill-advised changes in our immigration laws having nothing to do with fighting terrorism. * * * The provisions will produce extraordinary administrative burdens on the Immigration and Naturalization Service.'' I believe that the President was referring to the requirements for summary exclusion that the Senate immigration bill would amend.  In a February letter the President sent to Congressman Berman, he noted his concern that ``we not sacrifice our proud tradition of refugee protection and support for the principles of the Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees.'' The President noted: ``This critically important Treaty, which responded to the displacement that followed the Second World War, has enjoyed broad bipartisan support in the Congress. Moreover, our efforts to urge other governments to comply with its provisions has been a major element of our diplomacy on international humanitarian issues.''  Specifically on the matter of summary exclusion, the President favors a ``carefully structured stand-by authority for expedited exclusion.'' That is what our amendment, in contrast to the bill, now provides.  With regard to the overall proposals for summary exclusion, the President wrote that they were ``too broad and would also result in considerable diversion of INS resources.'' He noted that: ``These provisions seem particularly unnecessary in view of the successful asylum reforms we have already initiated.''  Human rights organizations have documented a number of cases of people who were ultimately granted political asylum by immigration judges after the INS denied their release from INS detention for not meeting a credible fear standard. Under the summary screening that was proposed in the bill, these refugees would have been sent back to their persecutors without any opportunity for a hearing. I included many such examples in the Record on April 17. I now have collected many, many more.  I urge my colleagues to consider how the bill will impact refugees seeking asylum here and not just consider the theoretical possibility that they might be treated as the exceptional case.  Furthermore, the bill would have denied the federal courts their historic role in overseeing the implementation of our immigration laws and review of individual administrative decisions. The bill would have allowed no judicial review whether a person was actually excludable and would have created unjustified exceptions to rulemaking procedural protections under the Administrative Procedure Act. These proposals would have signaled a fundamental change in the roles of our coordinate branches of Government and a dangerous precedent.  I urge my colleagues, especially those who did not support the asylum amendment, to think further about these important matters. While doing so, please do not continue to confuse asylum with illegal immigration. Do not vote with regard to circumstances that no longer exist after the recent reforms of the asylum process.  Refugees who seek asylum in the United States are not causing problems for America or Americans. They come to us for refuge and for protection. Let us not turn them back. Let us not abandon America's vital place in the world as a leader for human rights.  I want to thank and commend the Managers of the bill. Both Senator Kennedy, who supported the asylum amendment, and Senator Simpson, who did not, have been exceptionally fair to me and to all of us on this issue and on every aspect of the bill. Immigration is a complicated issue and one that evokes emotions and strongly held feelings. They have been exceptional managers of this legislation and are extraordinary members.  I want to pay special tribute to my friend from Wyoming. On the asylum issue I might call him a worthy opponent, except that I do not believe that we are opponents. I believe that we both are working toward the same goal and both want America to remain a beacon of hope and freedom to the oppressed, wherever they may be.  He has announced that he will not be seeking reelection. That will be the Senate's loss. He is a dedicated, respected and productive member of this body. There are not many like Alan Simpson and I will miss his counsel and his humor. I look forward to our continuing to work together on this important bill and many other matters in the days ahead.  