I think the indication is that a number of them are benefiting very directly from this heroin traffic, as the Senator from Kentucky has pointed out before.  Mr. McCONNELL. The Senator from Vermont is right on the mark. Since SLORC seized power, opium production has doubled and seizures dropped 80 percent. The warlord, Khun Sa, has had a complete safe haven. That is the kindof cooperation we are getting from the State Law and Order Restoration Council, which runs Burma with an iron hand.  Now, some will suggest that unilateral sanctions are a radical step. Well, there is precedent for it, and my friend from Maine mentioned some of the other countries. In many of them, we subsequently had help from others. I think it is reasonable to assume that if the United States takes the lead, we will not be alone. We will not be alone. Things are beginning to stir in the European Union, the European Parliament, and European companies. Two European companies pulled out just in the last week or so. So the movement is beginning.  If America will lead, there will be a lot of followers, not initially with ASEAN, I agree with my friend from Maine. They have the biggest investment there. I can see why they do not want to change the status quo. They are doing just fine. It is probably a lot easier for countries that do not have huge investments there to choose not to invest if they do not already have big investments. Certainly, it is not going to be much of a hit to U.S. business to take this step. But it is a beginning. It is a beginning.  We have pursued unilateral sanctions against Libya, Iran, and Cuba. So we have done this before. It is not completely unique. It is not a radical step. It has been 6 years, Mr. President, since the election over there--6 years of terrorism and murder, and the ASEAN countries are doing business and everybody else is ignoring it.  It seems to me, at this point, it is not reasonable to assume that this sort of constructive engagement is going to improve. There has been no improvement--none in 6 years. First, the Bush administration and then this administration either (a) has ignored the problem or (b) tried to engage in constructive engagement.  There are plenty of other Senators who would like to speak. I just wanted to lay out for the Senate, as we begin the debate, what the committee position suggests is not a particularly radical step. This is truly one of a handful of pariah regimes in the world. If the United States doesn't lead, who will?  I yield the floor.  