President, I think one thing should unite all of us, and I think it does. What unites the Senator from Georgia, Mr. Coverdell, myself, and everybody else in here is that we are opposed to international drug trafficking.  Back when I was a prosecutor we did not have the problem we have now, but I used to throw people in jail for drug trafficking. None of us needs to stand up and say that we declare our opposition to drug traffic.  What bothers me about the Coverdell amendment is that it cuts funds in the bill for international environmental, humanitarian, and development programs. It is going to cut UNICEF by at least $5 million, probably $10 million, potentially as much as $17 million.  I even heard about an organization called Olympic Aid Atlanta, an initiative out of Atlanta, GA, to generate money to help children affected by conflict in 14 countries through UNICEF. They are going to get cut, in all likelihood, because we transfer the funds to counter narcotics.  This amendment is virtually identical to one offered a couple of years ago. That was defeated 57 to 38 in a bipartisan vote. Anybody who doubts what we do, we have spent over $1 billion, that is $1,000 million, on the international narcotics program in the past 6 years. That is only one set of many, many sources on funding to combat drugs overseas. The House version of this year's State, Justice, Commerce appropriation bill has $75 million more for the narcotics programs than the President requested.  We should ask whether we have actually accomplished much since 1987. We did have the predictions we would stop drugs at the source. The amount of coca under cultivation has actually increased. It was 175,000 hectares in 1987; it is 214,000 in 1995. The amount of cocaine produced has gone up. We spent $1 billion--actually a lot more than $1 billion, but the flow of cocaine continues unabated. We destroy one coca field, another gets planted. We arrestone drug trafficker, another takes his place. We find one corrupt official in one of these countries, three more come in. And the market drives it. We all know that.  We are not going to give up. But let us be realistic. Until we stop the demand in this country, this is going to continue. This bill increases--the bill that we have before us, without the amendment by the distinguished Senator from Georgia--increases funding for counternarcotics 39 percent above current levels, the largest increase of any program in this bill. This would increase it another 33 percent. That is a 85 percent increase in 1 year.  Look what we are doing. At the same time our AID budget is going down--AID had to fire 200 employees last week, people with 10, 20 years experience dedicated to this country--the amount of money we know keeps going up. Look how the money has gone up, up, up, up, up--but narcotics do not go down. That is why, yes, work at what we might do, but we are not going to make any change in this by cutting $25 million from the U.N. Environment Program and UNICEF and the World Food Program, the Convention on Endangered Species, to name a few. Some of these programs were cut 50 percent last year.  But, when we end up cutting $5 million to $17 million out of UNICEF to pay for this, or money out of AID's development programs that are already cut 22 percent last year, to cut them another $28 million--I do not agree with this.  The President has requested a lot. But the President requested $12.8 billion for foreign assistance. Our allocation was $12.2 billion. We are already $600 million below what the President requested. If we had another half-billion dollars we could afford this. Unless we want to cut UNICEF, unless we want to cut our contribution to KEDO by half, and our other international development programs, then we cannot afford it. That is the argument we made 2 years ago and we cut it down.  I look at this bill. The first time in 22 years we are already cutting UNICEF. How much more do we want to cut it?  This bill underfunds our contributions to the Korea Economic Development Organization by half. I know the distinguished Senator from Connecticut, Senator Lieberman, along with Senators Nunn, Hatfield, Thomas, Daschle, Lugar, Simon, and myself, are going to try to provide authority for more. But assuming that authority passes, if the Coverdell amendment is agreed to the money is not there. If we do not pay our share of KEDO, then the Secretary of Defense says the risk of the North Koreans breaking the nuclear freeze would rise significantly.  As I said, I fought drug traffic for over 8 years as a prosecutor. I voted for billions of dollars to fight drugs both here and overseas. I know of no Member of this body on either side who does not abhor the drug traffic in this country, what it is doing to our children and to so many others. But we provide a sharp increase for counternarcotics programs in this bill, and if we cut out KEDO, and put North Korea back onto their nuclear program, is that increasing our security? I think, keep the hundreds of millions of dollars we are spending on narcotics, but do not cut these other things that also affect our security. We increase amounts for drugs by cutting UNICEF or cutting international health programs, programs to clean up toxic waste? Let us remember, also where some of this money goes. Some of these funds, unfortunately, go to the Colombian Army or Bolivian police or Peruvian police. They are not going to fight drugs.  We are already giving them a 39 percent increase. Let us accept the fact we want to stop drugs. Let us accept the fact we will do everything possible. But let us not create other problems by cutting UNICEF and KEDO and everything else.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  