President, I will speak on my own time. I always enjoy hearing the distinguished Senator from Arkansas. I told him before that one of the joys of coming here is that we came in the same class. He is one of the best friends I have had for 22 years here. I almost hate to go into this speech and muddy the water with facts, but one that I point out is on the Market Promotion Program, which I voted to cut and change over the years. There are significant changes. We made significant reforms to this program in 1993, and we gave a great deal of flexibility to the Secretary to carry out the reforms we had. I agree that participation in this program should be limited. This program is designed to help those who do not have large marketing organizations or deep pockets. It is designed for the small dairy co-ops in Vermont that use it now to promote exports to Canada, and other places, or the small rice dealers in Arkansas, who might use it. And bit by bit, this supertanker is being turned around, I tell my friend from Arkansas. We are improving it and will continue to do so.  I also tell my friend from Arkansas--and he knows this, as I do--that nobody ever brought to the floor a farm bill where they liked every single page of it. There is no legislation that comes before this Congress that is more a product of having the balanced interests of regions, individuals, of commodities, and balance of the needs of people who are not directly involved with farming, but have an actual interest--people who see the legislation in here to protect the Everglades and to help rehabilitate the Everglades, and those who see a Conservation Reserve Program continued and strengthened, those who see permanent law maintained, those who see improvements in some of our nutrition programs, as well as several new environmental initiatives like the EQUIP program, added here. These are things that effect every one of us, whether we are farmers or not. There are those throughout the country, farmers or not, who applaud these initiatives in this bill.  I would like to take this time, Mr. President, to thank several of my colleagues for their work on behalf of agricultural interests, who will not be here in the next farm bill. One, of course, is the distinguished ranking Member of the House Agriculture Committee, Representative Kika de la Garza. He went out of his way to be not only bipartisan in his own body, but in this body, as we have tried to bring together competing interests offarm bills. His most recent success was accomplished while chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, with a reorganization of the USDA and overhaul of the Federal Crop Insurance Program.  Then, in our body, let me speak of two Members I will miss greatly, both in serving with them on the Agriculture Committee and serving with them in the Senate.  One is my colleague from Alabama, Senator Heflin. I am proud to say I have served for 15 years on the Agriculture Committee with Judge Heflin. I served with him also on the Judiciary Committee. But I think in many ways I have relied on his expertise and his good humor. His ability to help forage consensus and coalition has been on the Agriculture Committee. His expertise and his judgment is going to be sorely missed. He has been the spokesman for southern agriculture. Certainly nobody ever discussed peanuts without Judge Heflin being there, and so much else of southern agriculture.  I think of the times when I traveled to his State of Alabama with him, with he and his wife, Mike, and on occasion when my wife was able to join us. I remember going to one function--a dinner in a school--where there were several hundred people there. I am positive that the judge called every one by name and asked about members of their family by name. I was then chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee. I was nothing but a spear carrier on that trip to Alabama. I can assure the Chair, they were there to see Senator Heflin and this Eastern Senator who came with him, and who talked funny as far as they were concerned.  So I want to thank Senator Heflin for all he has done to further agriculture programs and, in particular, the rural development programs--the rural development programs that helped Alabama but also helped rural Vermont, and have helped rural areas throughout our country.  Another person I want to recognize from that committee is Senator David Pryor. I never have known any Member of the Senate, Republican or Democrat, who did not have great affection for Dave Pryor. I know I have been proud to serve on the Committee with him and proud that he has been one of my close friends in the Senate over the years.  Again, David Pryor is one who has time and again helped us bring coalitions together--his quiet dedication, his obvious knowledge of the facts, but also his knowledge that, as a Senator, there are certain prerogatives, especially debate prerogatives, that are available to all of us, and my memory of that goes back to the 1985 farm bill.  Senator Pryor and his colleague Senator Bumpers were concerned that the bill would cut Federal price supports for the rice industry. They came to the Senate floor and they delayed action by reading their favorite rice recipes into the Congressional Record. The opposition finally gave in to these Southern gentleman when Senator Pryor announced that he knew of 1,000 rice recipes. I checked that figure with Senator Pryor this morning, and the distinguished Senator from Arkansas told me that not only did he know them but that he kept copies of them in his desk should the need arise to add to our education in the Senate. Should he suddenly be called upon to give us time for reflection, he is prepared to talk about rice recipes.  That kind of dedication is going to be sorely missed. But these are people--Senator Heflin and Senator Pryor--who have improved the Senate Agriculture Committee by their presence and have left a great legacy for all of us.  Mr. President, I have sometimes joked that Senators are merely constitutional impediments to their staffers, or constitutional necessities for their staffs. But I must say that this bill was made possible by the hard work of staff. And I think of those on my side of the aisle that I was able to appoint who have worked tirelessly in 1995 and 1996 on this farm bill.  I am particularly indebted to my staff director, Ed Barron. He joined me in 1987, and he has been a great fountain of education, encouragement, and tireless work. He is a good friend. He is a good adviser.  In the past he was the lead staff person who handled nutritional and rural development programs. The continuation of the nutrition programs in this bill is a tribute to his commitment to these issues. Ed also had a critical role in getting the dairy compact included in the final bill. His attitude on the compact reflected mine: ``Never give up.'' And he never did.  Ed worked tirelessly in a bipartisan manner demonstrating superb political judgment and negotiating skills.  I thank him for his hard work. And, I believe his sons, James and Stephen, and his wife, Bonnie, will be delighted to know that they finally are going to see him again. They will have him back this weekend.  Jim Cubie, my chief counsel, has been with me over a decade on both appropriations matters and agriculture matters. His commitment to conservation and environmental issues has helped make this the most environmentally progressive farm bill in history. Without his dedication, there would not have been such a strong connection between farm policy and conservation initiatives.  Working alongside Jim was Brooks Preston whose commitment to the environment was forged during a childhood spent outdoors. Brooks provided invaluable legislative support for both my personal office and the committee on environmental and forestry issues.  Pat Westhoff, my chief economist, poured endless amounts of energy providing economic analysis for the committee on commodity program and budgetary issues. I felt confident knowing that Pat was leading the complex negotiations needed to fine tune the intricate details of the bill. Pat, your dedication and service to this committee is recognized and commended.  Thanks, as well, to Pat's wife Elena and to his children Christina, Ben, and Maria for letting us borrow Pat for what seemed to them to be about 50 years.  Kate Howard, my counsel for international trade, joined the staff for the 1994 GATT deliberations. Since then, Kate has continued to play a lead role in the trade, international food aid, and agricultural credit programs. Kate's efforts to build a bipartisan consensus for the international programs in this bill, and her support for the international food assistance programs, is especially appreciated.  Tom Cosgrove played a leading role in the passage of the dairy compact and other dairy reforms. On my committee for the past 5 years, Tom has worked endless hours on behalf of dairy farmers in Vermont and across America. Born on a dairy farm himself, Tom connected with the dairy community and understood their concerns, enabling him to effectively translate their needs into legislation.  David Grahn spent countless hours drafting the bill and deserves a special mention. Without him, the drafting of this legislation would not have been as successful. David would be here now--except that he and his wife just had a baby during the last 2 weeks of the farm bill. Congratulations, David and Jill, on your baby girl, Carolyn Elizabeth Grahn.  Bob Paquin has worked tirelessly for me on agriculture issues in Vermont. I appreciate that he flew down to Washington to help out on the compact at the critical moment. His talents are greatly appreciated.  Diane Coates, who started in my Vermont office and has been working on the committee for 2 years, provided invaluable support to Ed Barron. Her work on nutrition programs was particularly helpful.  Kevin Flynn, who started with me in the Washington office and joined the committee last fall, provides excellent support for everyone on the committee.  I was also very fortunate to have on staff several people as fellows or from the Department of Agriculture. Rob Hedgerg provided invaluable expertise in the areas of conservation, research, and rural development. Kate DeRemer's efforts ensured that the final bill included a research title that prepares our farmers for the next century.  Ron Williams, who arrived right in the thick of things, provided critical assistance. His patience and unflappable personality are invaluable.  There are a number of people who are no longer on the committee but worked very hard to help get us to the point we have reached today. Nick Johnson did a superb job for Vermont and me on rural development and nutrition and I wish him all the best at the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities.  Craig Cox, who left my committee to join the Natural Resources Conservation Service at USDA, spent countless hours over the past 3 years to help lay the foundation for the conservation title that we included in the farm bill.  Bryant Farland, who left the committee last year to enter law school, provided excellent support to the committee. His professional attitude and cheerful approach to every assignment is sorely missed.  Senate legislative counsel--especially Gary Endicott, Tom Cole, and Janine Johnson--deserve a lot of credit for their willingness to stay late and their excellent work.  I must also thank Secretary Glickman, and his chief of staff, Greg Frazier, as well as the Secretary's dedicated staff at USDA for countless hours of support during this long process.  But I have emphasized over and over again that this is bipartisan legislation. I compliment my good friend from Indiana, as I have before, Senator Lugar, who listened and worked so hard with me so that we could pass this bill. We agreed on some issues and disagreed on others. But, we know that we can always take each other's word.  I think many times staff reflect the Members they work for. Chuck Connor deserves a great deal of credit for that. He works for one of the most honest, dedicated, hard-working Senators here. This is reflected in the type of person Chuck Connor is. He is someone I have respected in all of the years that I have worked with him. I consider him one of the finest staff in this body. I compliment him, and I thank him for his work and the direction he gave to Randy Green, Dave Johnson, and Michael Knipe, and others.  