President, yesterday, the Senate approved an amendment that Senator Hutchison and I offered to bolster one of the strongest tools local and State law enforcement agencies have to identify and deport criminal aliens in our country. The Criminal Alien Tracking Center--also known as the Law Enforcement Support Center [LESC]--is the only online national data base available to local law enforcement agencies to identify criminal illegal aliens. I am proud that this facility is located in South Burlington, VT.  Our amendment will increase the authorization for the LESC in recognition of the need to bring additional States online as well as expand the scope of the work being done at the tracking center. President Clinton recently signed the Terrorism Prevention Act into law. The bill identified how important the Tracking Center has become and proposed that the Center become the repository for an alien tracking system.  Even before these additional responsibilities, the LESC staff in Vermont had demonstrated that the Center is a valuable asset and essential to our national immigration policy. The Center provides local, State, and Federal law enforcement agencies with 24-hour access to data on criminal aliens. By identifying these aliens, LESC allows law enforcement agencies to expedite deportation proceedings against them.  The Center was authorized in the 1994 crime bill. The first year of operations has been impressive as the 24-hour team identified over 10,000 criminal aliens. After starting up with a link to law enforcement agencies in one county in Arizona, the LESC expanded its coverage to the entire State. In 1996, the LESC is expected to be online with California, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Texas, and Washington.  The Tracking Center has become the hub at INS for seamless coordination between Federal, State, and local authorities. I would suggest to Commissioner Meissner, that the facility become the national repository for all INS fingerprint records relating to criminal aliens. Information from the fingerprints would be most accessible if the Center stored this information in an AFIS/IDENT data base with a link to FBI data bases.  As a former State's attorney, I also know that even the best tracking system does not work unless there is an adequate system to ensure that criminal files are promptly sent to investigators. That is why it would also make sense to have the LESC serve as the repository for INS A-files related to aggravated felons and aliens listed in the NCIC deported felon file. Locating these files at the Tracking Center will improve their accessibility to INS agents and U.S. attorney offices throughout the United States.  Mr. President, Congress must continue the empowerment of local law enforcement agencies in their efforts to identify criminal illegal immigrants. I am pleased that the Senate approved our amendment, No. 3788, that will increase the authorization for the Tracking Center--a resource every State should have in the fight against criminal aliens. I thank, in particular, the managers of the bill, Senator Simpson and Senator Kennedy, for including these provisions in the manager's amendment.  