President, today over 62,000 Vermonters are included in the 40 million Americans who are without health insurance. Unfortunately, this number is increasing every year. Health insurance has simply become less available and affordable.  The health insurance reform bill before us today is a small step, but a step in the right direction. It puts an end to the practices of denying health insurance to people with chronic illness and denying the renewal of policies of people that become ill. It makes health care more affordable by increasing the health insurance tax deduction for self-employed individuals from the current 30 percent to 80 percent over the next 10 years and makes the cost of long-term care, such as expenses for nursing home and home health care, tax deductible just as other medical expenses are today.  The passage of this bill is a hard-won battle. I do have concerns, however, about the magnitude of the experimental provision to allow 750,000 health care policies to be withdrawn from traditional insurance system to create a medical tax shelter for routine medical bills. I plan to watch this demonstration closely to make sure that it does what it is intended to do--increase the number of insured--and not just increase premiums for people that have traditional health insurance policies.  While, as I said, this bill moves us in the right direction, I have to be clear that its passage is bittersweet. This bill does not address the larger issue of the skyrocketing cost of health care which will continue to be a looming problem that Americans face. And I am disappointed that the final bill does not include a provision to end discrimination against people with mental illness by requiring insurers to treat mental illness coverage the same as coverage for physical conditions.  I am also very concerned that the bill before us today calls for nationwide data networks for health information to be established within 18 months but contemplates delay of the promulgation of any privacy protection for 42 months. That is not the way to proceed. When the American people become aware of what this law requires and allows by way of computer transmission of individually identifiable health information without effective privacy protection, they should demand, as I do, prompt enactment of privacy protection.  Despite these concerns, the steps that this bill takes are long overdue. Two years ago, Congress was engaged in a great battle over how to get health care costs under control and make health care services available to all Americans. That battle heeded few results and left millions of Americans frustrated and disappointed that health care would continue to be out of their reach. The obstacles that prevented Americans from buying health insurance have not gone away and Congress now owes it to Americans to pass this bill to address some of the issues that these individuals face.  