President, each one of us has been horrified at what we have seen on our television sets with the tragedies in Israel. I was at my home and reading the recent account--what I thought was the most recent account of bombing in Israel--when I got a call from somebody in my office who started referring to the terrible bombing in Israel. I said, ``I am reading about it right now.'' He said, ``No; not the one that is in this morning's paper, the one that happened within the last few minutes.''  The shock that fell on everybody in my office, on everybody in my family, and on the family members of those in my office--one of whom lives with his wife and daughter in Israel.  I believe that we are witnessing a determined, relentless suicidal attempt to destroy the peace process in the Middle East. It may be predictable. We have seen these attempts before. Fanatical extremists have tried time and again to intimidate and destroy the forces for peace; unfortunately, on both sides. But so far they have failed.  I think that Israel today faces its greatest challenge with the handshake on the White House lawn. When Prime Minister Rabin was assassinated by a Jewish fanatic I thought we had reached the low point. But the situation has only deteriorated since then. At least 60 people, innocent civilians, have been killed in the past 9 days alone. The people responsible in an almost obscene perversion seem to take pride in claiming responsibility for the slaughter of men, women, and children.  So our sympathies--and I believe this can be said of all Americans--and our prayers are with the victims and their families.  The White House has said that they will provide counterterrorism assistance to Israel, and the Palestinian authority--and the Congress, of course--is going to support whatever can be done to stop these atrocities. But we know there are no guarantees. If someone is prepared to sacrifice his life to commit murder, there are real limits on what we can do to prevent that.  Prime Minister Peres has said he will take all necessary steps to fight back. He has no alternative. To stand by and not do whatever he can would be inconceivable, and I know the Prime Minister's determination is to do all that is possible that he, his government, and his great country can do.  Chairman Arafat has condemned the attacks and has pledged to fight back, as he should have done long, long ago. He should be taking all necessary measures to track these people down and stop them before they strike again. Those who would urge Prime Minister Peres to turn his back on the peace process should also understand that is exactly what the terrorists want. They want the war to go on because they know that if peace prevails--as we all pray it will--then they lose.  Real opportunities for peace come rarely. It took great courage and years of patient work to get to this point. Prime Minister Rabin gave his life for it, as have dozens of others. There is no other way than to search and continue searching for peace.  So I express my sorrow and my horror at what has happened to this brave country. I hope that now steps can be taken to stop terrorists from striking again and stop those who would plan even more terrorism but also let the peace process go forward.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  