President, that the 65 Senators who voted for this last time, who obviously felt it was important to do so, felt they had legitimate reasons to do so, would not suddenly decide to change exactly as they voted last time.  To reiterate:  Mr. President, I rise today in strong opposition to the amendment offered by Senators Wellstone, Feingold, Kohl, and others.  The underlying bill would grant congressional consent to the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact. This compact is an agreement among the six New England States to create a commission that will have the authority to oversee the pricing of fluid milk. All six States' Governors and legislatures strongly support this amendment.  All year we have heard about the need to give more responsibility back to the States. Across town, at the National Governor's Association meeting, Members of Congress are lining up to tell the Governors how they are willing to turn more control back to the States.  The underlying bill would allow the six New England States to take more control over milk pricing. The Senate voted 65 to 34 in favor of an amendment that added the compact during the budget bill debate.  Even though the 6 New England States have debated this compact for 7 years, and even though 65 Senators voted in favor of the compact, my colleagues from Wisconsin insist that they know what is best for new England. So they want to strip this provision from the bill.  They claim that the compact would hurt their region, but that claim is false. We are talking about beverage milk, which is a limited regional market. It does not travel long distances because it is perishable. Fluid milk from Minnesota or Wisconsin is not sold in New England.  Over 97 percent of the packaged milk sold in New England comes from bottlers regulated in New England. The rest comes from the neighboring milk marketing order. Less than 1 percent comes from outside our region.  Even if fluid milk did come in from outside our region, which it does not, the compact would allow the flow of milk into and out of the region just as it occurs now.  Opponents make a lot of claims about this compact. They claim it would erect a trade barrier around New England.  This is simply not true. Over 20 percent of the milk sold in New England comes from New York. The compact would ensure that these farmers also receive their share of benefits from the compact.  The compact works just like the current Federal order system. Any producer supplying the market would receive the benefits.  I agree that the national industry needs to come together behind a unified dairy policy. I will support reasonable reforms of the milk marketing orders and the dairy program.  In the meantime, I do not see how we can hold the New England States hostage. This compact is State law in the six New England States, an idea that came from the countryside, not from Washington. The New England States think they have a better way of pricing milk. We should let them.  Some try to make the claim that the compact would raise consumer prices. The link between farm and retail milk prices is tenuous at best. In the past 12 years, farm prices have fallen 5 percent, while retail prices have increased over 30 percent.  There is no guarantee there would be any price increase. The compact would increase prices only if four of the six New England States agreed. Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts have 11 million consumers and fewer than 1,000 farmers. Their consumer interests far outweigh their farmer interests. Both farmers and consumers would have to be represented on the commission.  The New England State legislatures have voted overwhelmingly to give the compact commission this authority. All 12 members of the New England delegation are cosponsors of the compact and it has already received the support of 65 Senators.  This is a grassroots effort. New England is asking for nothing from this body nor the Federal treasury--just the opportunity to act in concert for their common good. In the spirit of federalism I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment and give this opportunity to the New England States.  I yield back to the Senator from Vermont.     