President, the Clean Lakes Program, administered by EPA under Section 314 of the Clean Water Act, is in serious jeopardy. For many years, this valuable program helped define the causes and extent of pollution problems in our Nation's lakes. States used program grants to implement effective treatments to restore environmentally degraded lakes, and to guard against future damage.  Nearly 90 percent of the U.S. population lives within 50 miles of a lake, with a combined economic impact of billions of dollars. The Clean Lakes Program has provided targeted assistance to these lakes resulting in renewed recreational opportunities, increased wildlife, and enhanced property values that improved water quality brings.  Despite this track record however, EPA is in the process of combining the Clean Lakes Program with the much larger Nonpoint Source Pollution Control Program, Section 319 of the Clean Water Act. Section 319 is designed to address polluted runoff from cities, farms, and other sources. The needs of lake managers and lake users are too easily lost when forced to compete with projects affecting entire watersheds. Ironically, some of the most visible and immediate problems facing lake users, such as controlling non-native nuisance aquatic weeds like Eurasian water milfoil and hydrilla, are not even eligible for funding under the 319 program. These weeds, introduced from Asia and other locations, are threatening aquatic habitat, recreation, navigation, flood control efforts, and waterfront property values. When Vermont found a beetle that appeared to be controlling milfoil, the Clean Lakes Program provided funds to investigate further to determine whether the beetle could be used for weed control. Vermont's investigations have now ended, but numerous other States around the country, including Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Massachusetts, and Washington, have recently taken up the effort and are carrying on the work. Together, this work may result in a cost-effective control method for Eurasian milfoil. Without the Clean Lakes Program, Vermont would not have been able to initiate the studies, and other States would not have been able to expand on Vermont's efforts to solve a national problem.  The Clean Lakes Program has been highly successful in helping individual States restore lakes with severe problems, and then using the lessons learned in the process to help other States restore their lakes as well. Each State needs the information and experience gained by other States to cost-effectively restore their own lakes.  The Appropriations Committee recognized the importance of preserving the important qualities of the Clean Lakes Program in the fiscal year 1996 Appropriations bill, as the House has done in its fiscal year 1997 report, by including language specifically requiring EPA to continue funding the activities of the Clean Lakes Program through section 319. Senator Bond, do you support the language included in the House Appropriation bill specifying that activities like aquatic plant control, previously eligible for funding under the Clean Lakes Program, qualify for funding under the section 319 program?  