President, the chairman and I want to discuss in more detail what was intended in section 147 of H.R. 2854, the section which grants congressional consent to the northeast interstate dairy compact, subject to certain conditions.  This compact will allow the six New England States to regulate the price of all class I drinking milk sold in those States. The regulation may apply to any class I milk sold in the New England States but produced elsewhere, as well as to such milk produced by New England farmers. The compact also provides that farmers from beyond New England receive its benefits as well as their New England counterparts.  The conditions of congressional consent are intended to ensure the compact operates in harmony with the Federal milk market order program, and in complement with the changes otherwise being imposed on that program by this act. Seven conditions of consent are identified.  The condition in section 147(1) requires that the Secretary of Agriculture make a finding of compelling public interest in the compact region before the compact may be implemented. This provision ensures a determination by the Secretary of the compact's need in the region before the compact's authority to regulate interstate commerce, as granted by the consent provided by this act, can become operational.  The next four conditions of consent outlined in section 147(2) through section 147(5) constitute substantive restrictions on the compact's operation, as entered into by the States. In response to concerns raised by some conferees, section 147(2) limits the compact's regulatory authority to only class I milk. Notwithstanding any provision of the compact to the contrary, the compact commission will not be able to regulate other classes of milk. This condition limits the compact's regulatory reach to only the local and regional, fluid milk market. It ensures that the compact will have no effect on the national market for manufactured dairy products.  Section 147(3) constitutes a procedural limitation on the compact's operation. This condition establishes a finite time limit for the provision of congressional consent to the compact. The section establishes that congressional consent terminates concurrently with the completion of the Federal milk market order consolidation process required under section 143 of the act.  Also in response to concerns raised by committee conferees, conditions in section 147(4) alter the procedure by which additional States may enter the compact. The list of potential new entrants is limited to a named few. Such States may only join if contiguous to a member State and only upon approval by Congress.  Section 147(5) requires the compact commission to compensate the Commodity Credit Corporation [CCC] for purchases by the Corporation attributable to surplus production in the New England States. This condition was necessary for the compact to ensure that there would be no score from the Congressional Budget Office. The compact commission's responsibility to make compensation is to be measured by the Secretary's reference to a comparison of the rate of increased production. The compact commission would have the responsibility to provide compensation for those CCC purchase attributable to an increase in the rate of New England milk production in excess of the national average rate of increase.  Section 147(6) provides for cooperation by the Department of Agriculture in the compact's operation. The Department has in the past construed findings of fact in the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 as precluding the Department's cooperation in the operation of State over-order pricing programs. This condition makes clear these past departmental determinations do not apply to the compact, and that the Department shall provide such technical assistance as requested by the compact commission and requires that the compact commission will reimburse the Department for that assistance. The provision is designed to avoid duplication inaudit procedures and any other mechanism needed to administer the compact, and thereby to reduce the compact's regulatory burden and cost.  Except in one regard section 147(7) provides only language of clarification, rather than imposes any additional, substantive, or procedural restriction on the compact's operation. This condition in the main part clarifies that the commission may not limit or prohibit the marketing of milk or milk products in the compact region from any other area in the United States. It also clarifies that the commission may not alter or amend procedures established under Federal milk marketing orders relating to the movement of milk between or among orders.  Neither of the first two sentences of that section is intended to limit the compact commission's authority to establish a compact over-order price regulation for all fluid milk marketed into the compact region in any form, packaged or bulk, produced in another production region in the United States. The last sentence of this section 147(7) delineates this point.  The one substantive restriction of this condition is its limitation of the use of compensatory payments under section 10(6) of the compact. Because the use of compensatory payments is disfavored in milk marketing law, the compact itself placed strict restrictions upon their use in section 10(6). Their use even as so restricted proved to be of some concern, accordingly, the conference report further restricts their use under section 147(7).  Does the chairman agree that this description accurately reflects the views of the conferees.  