 million more women, infants and children to receive WIC benefits than would otherwise have been the case. One of the most important factors in the success of the WIC cost containment is competition. Until recently there were four infant formula manufacturers in the United States. In January, one of the four, Wyeth Laboratories announced its withdrawal from the domestic market. Now, alarmingly, a move is beginning among States to alter their competitive bidding procedures in a way that restricts competition and makes it impossible for Carnation to compete. If this third small company, Carnation, can't compete, it ultimately could follow Wyeth out of the market. If that occurs, only the two largest manufacturers, Ross and Mead Johnson will remain, and the prospects for sustaining large savings will be bleak. Without a third company seeking to increase market share by winning WIC contracts, cost containment is not sustainable.  In the past, States typically have awarded their WIC contract to the company whose net wholesale price--the wholesale price minus the rebate per can the company offers to pay the state WIC Program--is the lowest. But recently, a few states instead awarded their contracts to the company that offered the highest rebate per can, regardless of the company's wholesale price.  There is one circumstance where a State may have a legitimate case for awarding a WIC contract on the basis of the highest rebate rather than on the basis of the lowest net wholesale price. This occurs in States where retailers charge about the same price for all formula brands and take a much larger mark-up for Carnation products than for those of the other companies.  This problem can be readily addressed by directing States to award contracts on the basis of the lowest net wholesale price--as most States currently do--rather than on the basis of the biggest rebate, except where the State has reliable data showing that retail prices for different formula brands are similar in the State. In any State where this is the case, the State would retain full flexibility as to the basis on which to award its contract.  In 1990, the GAO wrote:       Because only three firms are responsible for almost all      domestic infant formula production, coordination of pricing      and marketing strategies between the manufacturers is always      a potential danger. Competitive bidding will successfully      yield high rebates only to the extent that infant formula      manufacturers act independently. Consequently, efforts to      assure competition in the infant formula industry will be an      important element in State efforts to maximize cost-     containment savings. (GAO, Infant Formula: Cost Containment      and Competition in the WIC Program, September 1990.)  This remedy of awarding contracts on a lowest net wholesale price would help avert the loss of hundreds of millions of dollars in cost containment savings and thereby prevent hundreds of thousands of women and children from being dropped from the program. Nearly one of every four WIC participants is served with cost containment savings--and would have to be removed from the program if cost containment collapses.  The Senate, unlike the House, has managed to correct this problem in the Agriculture appropriations bill. Therefore, in conference, it is imperative that the Senate language on WIC cost containment prevail.  