President, I strongly support the efforts of Senator Jeffords and Senator Roth to maintain level funding for renewable energy programs. I am proud to cosponsor this amendment and join their efforts.  Mr. President, this amendment restores our investment in the future of sustainable energy. Unfortunately, this Congress has cut funding for renewable energy by 38 percent over the last two years. These cuts are shortsighted. To ensure that future generations can enjoy clean energy, we must maintain our commitment to support funding for research and development of solar, wind, and biomass energy.  In particular, I firmly believe that Congress has a responsibility to reaffirm its commitment to wind energy funding. Wind energy is now a $4 billion industry in the United States. Department of Energy funding has been key to this success by developing wind energy projects for commercialization.  In my home State of Vermont, for example, Department of Energy funding for wind energy has helped develop a growing environmentally-friendly industry. With DOE support, Vermont companies have developed state-of-the-art wind turbines and other high technology products at wind energy projects in the Green Mountains of Vermont, in rural villages in Alaska and even on the top of the South Pole. And these DOE-supported projects have become proving grounds for Vermont companies to tap into a growing wind energy export market around the world.  But the wind energy industry in Vermont and across the country is at a critical stage in its development. European and Asian wind industries--which are heavily subsidized by their governments--are emerging as competitive rivals. As a result, we must continue strong DOE funding to maintain America's leadership role in the global wind energy market.  Mr. President, this amendment makes sense for our future and ourchildren's future. Our children and grandchildren should be able to enjoy sustainable, clean and renewable energy. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  