President, today over 62,000 Vermonters are included in the 39.7 million Americans without health insurance. Unfortunately, this number is increasing every year. Health insurance has simply become less available and affordable, especially for small businesses and individuals. I am proud to cosponsor S. 1028, the Health Insurance Reform Act, that will address some of the issues blocking access to coverage that the uninsured face today.  This bill is a good bill and a step in the right direction. The bill increases the availability of insurance by ensuring that anyone who wants it, and can afford it, will be able to buy it. I am hopeful that provisions to encourage small employers to form voluntary purchasing pools will give some relief from rising health insurance premiums by giving them more leverage to negotiate lower premiums and better conditions of coverage.  To be clear, however, this bill does not address the larger issue of the skyrocketing cost of health care which will continue to be a looming problem that Americans face.  What the bill does do is end insurance practices that restrict the availability of insurance to people with preexisting medical conditions, or avoid enrolling or renewing coverage for older or sicker individuals and groups. The GAO estimates that up to 21 million Americans a year would benefit from federal laws waiving preexisting condition exclusions for persons who had prior coverage.  What these reforms add up to is portability of health insurance--an end to ``job lock.'' Currently, some employees are ``locked'' into their current jobs because changing jobs might subject them to periods without comprehensive coverage while preexisting condition limitations were met. Under this bill, a person with previous group coverage would receive credit from this coverage toward any new limitation period. These portability provisions do not guarantee that an individual currently insured would be covered after a job change--the new employer must offer coverage for this guarantee to exist. The GAO estimates that ending job lock will benefit as many as 4 million Americans who have stayed in their jobs due to concerns about their preexisting conditions.  The individuals who will benefit from this bill are real people who have preexisting conditions that they were born with or people who become sick or have had a severe accident. Without the Kassebaum/Kennedy bill, insurance companies can continue to impose restrictions on the coverage they offer to these people whose health conditions are beyond their control. Even worse, someone seeking insurance who has an adverse health condition can be denied insurance altogether. These are children, teenagers, young people trying to get jobs for the first time, our brothers, sisters, parents, and our grandparents. We cannot, in good conscience, risk the well being of people whose health could be dramatically affected if denied coverage for the care they need.  I am proud to say that Vermont has already addressed many of the health insurance reforms included in S. 1028. In 1991, Vermont was the first state in the nation to prohibit insurance companies from denying coverage or charging excessive rates to high-risk groups. In 1992, the state extended this to the individual market. Today in Vermont, no one can be denied health insurance at a reasonable cost from a carrier doing business in the state.  However, there is a large exception to this rule. Due to a Federal law, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act [ERISA], the State of Vermont's insurance reforms do not apply to businesses that self-insure their health benefits programs.  For example, during the health reform debate in 1994, I was contacted by a Vermont woman who shared with me her husband's experience of losing health coverage due to a preexisting condition. This gentleman had worked for the same business for over 20 years. He had a heart condition, but had always been covered under his employer's health insurance plan. When his employer was bought out by a self-insured company from another state, the new employer deemed the heart condition a preexisting condition and denied insurance coverage.  Because of stories like this, I have sought to address the issue of self-insured employer plans being exempt from State regulation because of ERISA in past Congresses. I am very pleased that a key component of S. 1028 extends these nondiscrimination and portability requirements to self-insured plans. The GAO has estimated that about 44 million Americans are in self-insured health plans that states cannot regulate.  S. 1028 is long overdue. Nearly 2 years ago, Congress was engaged in a great battle over how to get health care costs under control and make health care services available to all Americans. That battle heeded few results and left millions of Americans frustrated and disappointed that health care would continue to be out of their reach. The obstacles that prevented Americans from buying health insurance have not gone away and Congress now owes it to Americans to pass the Kassebaum/Kennedy bill to address some of the issues that these individuals face.  We must pass this bill and make the modest changes that will make it easier for people to get the health care coverage they need. I hope in the future we will be able to come to agreement on further health reforms that will address the skyrocketing cost of health care--simply requiring access to health insurance coverage does not address this looming issue.  