President, I am encouraged that the conference report includes important provisions that I proposed back in June 1995, when the Senate began consideration of antiterrorism legislation. These provisions were adopted by the Senate and then passed as part of the original S.735 and passed a second time last year by the Senate as part of H.R. 665, our version of the mandatory victim restitution legislation. They are now included as sections 231 and 232 of the conference report. It is astonishing that at the time I added these provisions to the bill there were no victims-related measures in any antiterrorism legislation.  When the bomb exploded outside the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City last year, my thoughts and prayers, and I suspect that those of all Americans, turned immediately to the victims of this horrendous act. It is my hope that through this legislation we will proceed to enact a series of improvements in our growing body of law recognizing the rights and needs of victims of crime. We can do more to seethat victims of crime, including terrorism, are treated with dignity and assisted.  The conference report incorporates the provisions of the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act, which will accomplish a number of worthwhile objectives. They include a proposal to increase the availability of assistance to victims of terrorism and mass violence here at home.  We, in this country, have been shielded from much of the terrorism perpetrated abroad. That sense of security has been shaken recently by the bombing in Oklahoma City, the destruction at the World Trade Center in New York, and assaults upon the White House. I, therefore, proposed that we allow additional flexibility in targeting resources to victims of terrorism and mass violence and the trauma and devastation that they cause.  The conference report includes these provisions to make funds available through supplemental grants to the States to assist and compensate our neighbors who are victims of terrorism and mass violence, which incidents might otherwise overwhelm the resources of a State's crime victims compensation program or its victims assistance services. I understand that assistance efforts to aid those who were the victims of the Oklahoma City bombing are now $1 million in debt. These provisions should help.  The substitute will also fill a gap in our law for residents of the United States who are victims of terrorism and mass violence that occur outside the borders of the United States. Those who are not in the military, civil service, or civilians in the service of the United States are not eligible for benefits in accordance with the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986. One of the continuing tragedies of the downing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, is that the United States Government had no authority to provide assistance or compensation to the victims of that heinous crime. Likewise, the U.S. victims of the Achille Lauro incident could not be given aid. This was wrong and should be remedied.  In its report to Congress in 1994, the Office for Victims of Crime at the U.S. Department of Justice identified the problem. Both the ABA and the State Department have commented on their concern and their desire that crime victims compensation benefits be provided to U.S. citizens victimized in other countries. This bill takes an important step in that direction. Certainly U.S. victims of terrorism overseas are deserving of our support and assistance.  In addition, I believe that we must allow a greater measure of flexibility to our State and local victims' assistance programs and some greater certainty so that they can know that our commitment to victims programming will not wax and wane with events. Accordingly, the conference report includes an important provision to increase the base amounts for States' victims assistance grants to $500,000 and allows victims assistance grants to be made for a 3-year cycle of programming, rather than the year of award plus one, which is the limit contained in current law. This programming change reflects the recommendation of the Office for Victims of Crime contained in its June 1994 report to Congress.  I am disappointed that some have objected to an important improvement that would have allowed all unspent grant funds to be returned to the crime victims fund from which they came and reallocated to crime victims assistance programs. I believe that we ought to treat the crime victims fund, the violent crime reduction trust fund, and Violence Against Women Act funds with respect and use them for the important purposes for which they were created.  The crime victims fund, we should remember, is not a matter of appropriation and is not funded through tax dollars. Rather, it is funded exclusively through the assessments against those convicted of Federal crimes. The crime victims fund is a mechanism to direct use of those funds to compensate and assist crime victims. That is the express purpose and justification for the assessments.  Accordingly, I believe it is appropriate for those funds to be used for crime victims and, when not expended for purposes of a crime victims program, they ought to be returned to the crime victims fund for reobligation. Instead, because of a technicality in the application of the Budget Act, the conference report includes a change from the language that I proposed and that was approved by the Judiciary Committee and previously by the Senate. My language would have returned all unspent crime victims grant funds to the crime victims fund. The conference report will require that some of the money that came from the crime victims fund go, instead, to the general Treasury if it remains unobligated more than 2 years after the year of grant award. I am pleased that we have been able to obtain some concession in this regard and note that the unobligated funds must exceed $500,000 in order to revert to the general Treasury.  Fortunately, the Office for Victims of Crime has improved its administration of crime victims funds and that of the States over the past 3 years to a great extent. While more than $1 million a year has in past years remained unobligated from grants made through the States across the country, in 1994 that number was reduced below $125,000. The Director of the Office for Victims of Crime, Aileen Adams, should be commended for this improvement. It is my hope that the administration of crime victims fund grants will continue to improve through the Department of Justice and the States and that the Department of Health and Human Services will, likewise, improve its oversight and grant administration and encourage the States to be more vigilant. If so, the change in the language of the bill from that previously adopted by the Senate and by the Judiciary Committee will not result in a significant diversion of crime victims fund money to other uses.  I also regret that the emergency reserve is not structured as I recommended. I would limit the reserve to the highest level of annual deposits placed in the fund in the past 5 fiscal years. This would allow the emergency reserve to fulfill its purpose as a rainy day fund and smooth the distribution of aberrational deposit pattern. Further, I hope that we will soon reconsider the 40-percent cap of Federal contributions to State victim compensation awards and other suggested improvements to the Victims of Crime Act.  Our State and local communities and community-based nonprofits cannot be kept on a string like a yo-yo if they are to plan and implement victims assistance and compensation programs. They need to be able to plan and have a sense of stability if these measures are to achieve their fullest potential.  I know, for instance, that in Vermont Lori Hayes at the Vermont Center for crime victims Services, Judy Rex at the Vermont Network Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Abuse, and many others provide tremendous service under difficult conditions. I was delighted to be able to arrange a meeting between them and the Attorney General of the United States when Attorney General Reno recently visited Vermont. They will be able to put increased annual assistance grants to good use. Such dedicated individuals and organizations will also be aided by increasing their programming cycle by even 1 year. Three years has been a standard that has worked well in other programming settings. Crime victims' programming deserves no less security.  In 1984, when we established the crime victims fund to provide Federal assistance to State and local victims' compensation and assistance efforts, we funded it with fines and penalties from those convicted of Federal crime. The level of required contribution was set low. Twelve years have passed and it is time to raise that level of assessment in order to fund the needs of crime victims. Accordingly, the conference report includes as section 210 a provision that I worked on with Senator McCain and that the Senate previously passed as an amendment to the antiterrorism bill last summer. It doubles the special assessments levied under the Victims of Crime Act against those convicted of Federal felonies in order to assist all victims of crime.  I do not think that $100 to assist crime victims is too much for those individuals convicted of a Federal felony to contribute to help crime victims. I do not think that $400 is too much toinsist that corporations convicted of a Federal felony contribute. Accordingly, the conference report would raise these to be the minimum level of assessment against those convicted of crime.  While we have made progress over the last 15 years in recognizing crime victims' rights and providing much-needed assistance, we still have more to do. I am proud to have played a role in passage of the Victims and Witness Protection Act of 1982, the Victims of Crime Act of 1984, the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act of 1990, and the victims provisions included in such measures as the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994. I thank my colleagues for their acceptance of the provisions of the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act.  I thank the outstanding crime victims advocates from Vermont for their help, advice, and support in connection with the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act and the improvements it includes to the Victims of Crime Act. I also thank them for the work they are doing by developing and implementing programs for crime victims in Vermont.  In addition, I thank the National Organization for Victim Assistance, the National Association of Crime Victim Compensation Boards, and the National Victim Center for their assistance and support in the development of the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act. Without their help, we could not make the important progress that its provisions contain. I appreciate the cooperation of all those who have worked to incorporate these improvements to the Victims of Crime Act in this measure.  It is important to me that we do all we can to bring stability to the crime victims fund so that the State programs for compensating and assisting victims of crime can plan and provide services for victims that increase and expand across our States in the coming years. I hope that we can continue to cooperate and refine the Victims of Crime Act's provisions.  