President, I am prepared to go to third reading right now, if the distinguished chairman would want it, and save having to come in at 9:30 in the morning, but I suspect there are some who may disagree.  Mr. President, this is a balanced bill. It is a balanced bill only within an allocation which, frankly, does not meet our needs. Foreign aid would never win a popularity contest. In fact, we were able to pass foreign aid bills in the past because the funds in the bills were distributed among diverse constituencies. This year is no exception. It is fast becoming more difficult because there is less money to go around.  The bill is more than $700 million below the President's request. To put that in perspective, President Clinton has requested for foreign aid about 40 percent less than President Reagan used to request. It is not that somehow there is a Democrat foreign aid giveaway. This administration is requesting about 40 percent less than either the Reagan or Bush administrations did, but it is also $1.5 billion below the level for foreign operations in fiscal year 1995.  Each year, what we do is we take a larger and larger share of the overall pie and we earmark it for the Middle East. Unquestionably that is a major priority of the United States. But, of course, it does leave less and less for the United States to carry out any policies in other parts of the world.  We should ask what that means. For example, last week the Agency for International Development laid off 200 employees. Some of these were among the finest in or out of government, people who had a decade, sometimes even two decades, of exemplary experience, exemplary and loyal service to the United States. Some programs, including ones that everyone here strongly supports--in agriculture, in the environment, in education--they lost half their staff. A number of these programs directly or indirectly created jobs here in the United States through our export programs. They are gone--to say nothing of what it does to our security.  There is actually a crisis in our foreign aid programs that few people even know about. Senators on both sides of the aisle, Democrats and Republicans, need to understand this. Both Senator McConnell and I had some very difficult choices to make. This bill represents a delicate compromise. Any attempt to alter that balance by shifting significant amounts of money from one account to another, I believe, would seriously threaten its prospects for passage.  We have worked with Republicans and Democrats across the political spectrum, in this body, to try to use what small allocations we had to make them work. In doing that, we have hadto basically rob from almost every single allocation except for one area. And now if we try to change those, a lot of the support this bill has disappears.  Senator McConnell has made clear what his priorities are and what the priorities of the Republican side are. Let me give one example. Despite a lower allocation than last year and cuts in many programs, funding for counternarcotics activities in this bill is increased. It is increased by $45 million. That is a 39-percent increase for the 1996 level.  I believe the evidence is indisputable that despite huge amounts of money over the past 6 years, over $1 billion, the program really has not reduced the flow of illegal drugs into this country. I know this is a priority of my friend from Kentucky and that we do need to support this effort, although other programs will have to be cut short to fund the increase. I would not want to see them cut further.  There are many, some on the other side, who would like to cut further our support for international development programs. Now we shift to a priority on this side of the aisle. In fact, it is not only a priority of mine, but a priority of Senators on both sides. Some of these programs were cut by as much as half this year.  So there is a balance. I want to preserve that balance. I know Senator McConnell would want to.  Basically, what we have been told to do by the Senate is to take an allocation which is way below what is necessary, but within the realities it is the only allocation we could have, take a foreign aid program which is about 40 percent less than what we had in the past two Republican administrations, and make it work. We have done the best we can. I hope Senators on both sides of the aisle will refrain from taking apart that balance.  The statement of administration policy in this bill is relative to what I have just said. The White House said they can live with most of the budgetary levels in the bill as Senator McConnell and I presented it. If a couple of problems are solved, the President's advisers will recommend he signs the bill even though it is funded far below his request levels. They know the allocation left us no alternative.  But understand the reality: The bill does not meet our international needs and responsibilities. That is not the fault of the managers of this bill. We did the best we could with too little money. We face enormous challenges and opportunities in a dangerous and competitive world.  Our foreign policy has suffered from a lack of strategic thinking since the cold war. We seem to lurch from crisis to crisis without a clear sense of where we are going or how to get there. It is a concern of mine and should be a concern of every Member of the Senate of either party.  We are now the most powerful democracy history has ever known. Much of the rest of the world looks to us for direction and guidance, but we seem to determine our direction and our guidance based on what is on the evening news. We must have a clear policy. We must have a clear policy of our foreign policy, our foreign aid, our foreign involvement as we go into the next century.  Certainly, every other country does. Japan does. Japan spends more money in this area than we do but creates more jobs as a result of it. They know where they are going. A lot of other countries do. We have the world's largest economy, but our future hinges on building foreign markets in supporting democracy. If we want to create jobs for Americans, export jobs in other countries, we have to help create those jobs. They are not going to happen all by themselves. That is why Japan and the Netherlands and all these other countries go out and create the jobs. We cut back the money so we don't do it.  If we don't want to find ourselves caught up in wars around the world, we should be supporting democracies. That is what less powerful nations do. Yet, we cut back. We spend less than 1 percent of our budget on foreign aid, and we continue to cut it. Other countries see an opening. Japan and others spend a lot more.  In fact, a dozen or more countries spend more, a higher percentage of their budget than we do on foreign aid. Several spend more money in actual dollars. Why? Because they figure if the United States does not want to go after those jobs, if the United States does not want to go after the influence in other parts of the world, they will. So they spend the money, their products get sold, jobs in their countries are created, we lose the jobs, they create the expertise in foreign policy, we fire and get rid of the people having the expertise in this country, and they get the influence.  There are several things in this bill that concern me. None of us are going to get everything we want. Some things will be revisited in conference. I do want to mention one item. The bill caps the United States contribution to the Korea Economic Development Corporation at $12 million below the President's request.  The administration said this could undermine our nuclear agreement with North Korea. I would not want to see that agreement unravel. It is in our national security interest, it is in our regional interest in that part of the world that that agreement go through. I hope that we will resolve this, but I also compliment Senator McConnell and his staff for the way they have worked with us on this bill, and I hope perhaps before the end of this week, we can have this bill finished.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL addressed the Chair.  