President, yesterday Senator Murray was good enough to file on my behalf an amendment dealing with a recently adopted rule on the acceptable uses of the Senate Internet Services. I have some very serious concerns about this new rule, concerns that many of my colleagues in the Senate share.  Senator Ford and Senator Warner have worked closely with me on this issue and I think we have reached a compromise which is very reasonable and accommodating for both the Rules Committee and the Senators who would be affected by the new Internet policy. I would like to thank them for agreeing to take another look at this policy. As a result of that compromise, I have withdrawn my amendment and am looking forward to working with the members of the Rules Committee and other Senators who are interested in the Senate Internet policy over the next 2 months. During that time, implementation of the rule dealing with promotional or commercial links on Senate home pages will be delayed.  I do want to take a moment to inform other Senators who may not have had a chance to read the new Senate Internet policy, about the issue my amendment addressed. On July 22, 1996, the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration adopted a policy for the use of the U.S. Senate Internet Services. Among other things, the rule states that ``The use of Senate Internet Services for personal, promotional, commercial, or partisan political campaign purposes is prohibited.''  Now most of those restrictions I would agree are appropriate and prudent. But I am concerned about the ambiguity of the terms ``promotional'' and ``commercial''. My amendment would have clarified that language by allowing a ``home state exemption''--similar to the one that is included under the gift rule to allow gifts of home State products. Under my amendment, Senators would have been allowed to link to sites, businesses, and organizations in their home State as long as those links are accompanied by a disclaimer stating that the link is not an endorsement of the products, locations, or services they feature.  Like many Senators I have links on my Web page to places and organizations in my home State. My home page is a virtual office for people who may not be able to get to my offices in Montpelier or Burlington. Without the links to Vermont sites it would be a pretty uninviting place--no native Vermont art on the walls, no calendar of events, and no directory of places to go and things to see while you are in the area. That's not the kind of hospitality I like to show people who have taken the time to visit my office.  Under the July 22 rule, I will probably have to eliminate most of the home state links on my Senate Web page or defend my decision to keep those links before the Senate Ethics Committee. However I won't be alone--over half of my colleagues in the Senate have similar links on their Web pages to tourist spots, businesses or event listings in their home States, including most of the members of the Rules Committee itself. Mr. President, I do not believe that is what the committee intended. I do not believe that most Members are aware of this rule and the affect that it will have on the individuality of their home pages.  The Internet is a new milestone in communication which the Senate should be using to the advantage of all States. But it is also a rapidly changing field, and I understand completely the difficulty that Senator Ford, Senator Warner and the other members of the Rules Committee have had in setting down a policy for Senate use of the Internet. The World Wide Web is uncharted territory when it comes to drawing the line between what is an appropriate use of Senate resources and what is not. But by opening up this dialog between all interested Senators, we can will go a long way toward finding that balance.  This will certainly not be the last time that the Senate grapples with the problem of fitting advances in telecommunications technology to a government body that pre-dates the pony express. However, I hope that the process we are establishing now of open communication between Senators who are deeply interested in this emerging technology and the Rules Committee, will continue as we travel down this road.  