President, I am pleased that the Senate is today passing and sending to the President for his signature, the National Film Preservation Act of 1996 to reauthorize and extend the National Film PreservationAct. I thank Mr. Moorhead, Mr. Conyers and the other House sponsors for successfully bringing this matter through the House of Representatives. I also commend two retiring Senators who have always been champions of the arts, libraries and the public--Senator Alan Simpson and Senator Paul Simon. Without their support this Senate action, which I have been seeking since January, would not be taking place today.  I have been a sponsor and supporter of the National Film Preservation Board since 1988 when we first took action to authorize the Board within the Library of Congress. We acted then to recognize the educational, cultural, and historical importance and the fragile nature of our film heritage. Motion pictures are an important part of the American experience and an extraordinary record of our history, our mores, and our aspirations. While there is currently a political penchant for chastising American filmmakers for the sex, violence and drugs seen on screen, we should not lose sight of the contributions of filmmaking to our cultural life and our life as a nation.  Before Congress acted in 1988, we had lost more than half of the feature films produced in the United States before 1951 and 80 percent of our silent films to deterioration. With the efforts of the National Film Preservation Board and those of such private groups as the Film Foundation, Turner Entertainment Co. and others we have made significant progress.  Since 1988 we have maintained a National Film Registry wherein classic movies like ``Casablanca'', ``Citizen Kane'', and ``High Noon'' have been maintained and orphan films, which no studio had an interest in preserving, were rescued from oblivion. The scientists have found better ways to preserve the images that were decaying on celluloid and studios have discovered that film libraries retain economic value and viewer interest.  In 1991, I joined with Senator Stevens, Senator Pell, and Senator DeConcini to reauthorize and extend the National Film Preservation Act and we succeeded in doing so in June 1992. We acted at a time when there were growing film preservation efforts around the country but little coordination. The Librarian and the National Film Preservation Board were charged with the responsibility for conducting an extensive study of film preservation in American. It is that authorization that expired this summer and which we now renew.  The Library of Congress houses the largest film collection in the world. I am glad that those film treasures are being preserved there and at the UCLA film archive, at the Museum of Modern Art and at the George Eastman House. I am delighted that those films are now being exhibited to the public with the cooperation of their copyright holders. I am happy that they are available to scholars and researchers.  I am encouraged that we have an agreed-upon system for ensuring the integrity of the National Film Registry Collection of the Library of Congress and a certification process to ensure that National Registry films distributed or exhibited to the public that bear the National Registry seal are the genuine article. That seal verifies that they are the registry version. While this is not a full-blown guarantee of moral rights of those involved in the creation of the work, this system is consistent with a recognition of the first-published version as the original or true version of the work.  The comprehensive study conducted by the Librarian and the Board included extensive public hearings and public participation. I am glad to see the Library and the Board taking seriously their mandate to raise public awareness and to increase public involvement. The study further documents the problems that even recent films face, including color-fading, vinegar syndrome and the like. While new technology may hold some prospect for greater stability of the film elements, we still need extensive efforts if we are to preserve our art and respect our history.  This legislation signals the next phase in our coordinated national and local efforts. The bill will reauthorize a program for the preservation of educational and historical films held by libraries, archives, universities, historical societies, and filmmakers in every State. The materials that are at the center of concern are not Hollywood feature films but the orphan films of little commercial value that will not survive without public intervention. These include independent films, newsreels and documentaries, films of historical, educational, and regional importance, films by and about ethnic and minority groups, silent films, short subject films, early animation and films no longer protected by copyright and now part of the public domain.  This action should help preserve important resource materials for scholars and teachers like Denise Youngblood in the History Department, Frank Manchel and Ted Lyman in Arts and Sciences and Kenneth Rothwell in English at the University of Vermont; Ted Perry at Middlebury College; and Kenneth Peck at Burlington College. It is important to the special collection at the Bailey/Howe Library at the University of Vermont and the Vermont Historical Society.  Film preservation, film history and filmmaking matter. They matter to the Vermont Independent Media Artists, the Vermont International Film Foundation, the Savoy Theatre, the Flaherty family in Putney, Barbara VanDyke, the increasing number of creative film artists in Vermont, Vermont's growing film industry, our new film commission and to us all as audience and Americans.  Two film archives in our region should be among the beneficiaries of the preservation program authorized by this legislation. They have worked closely with the Board and encouraged my continued involvement in this effort. The Northeast Historic Film archive is dedicated to preserving motion pictures of northern New England. I know that many saw and enjoyed their exhibition, ``Going to the Movies: A Century of Motion Picture Audiences in Northern New England'' last May in Burlington and that more than 1,000 participating in a screening of Charlie Chaplin's ``The Circus.'' In addition, I have heard from the National Center for Jewish Film, which works to preserve America's film heritage and a glimpse of the cultural heritage of the Jewish people.  I have also heard from the Association of Moving Image Archivists and ask that letters from these organizations be printed in the Record following my remarks.  