President, I remember the first time I visited Washington. I was 18 years old and came here with my mother and father and my sister, Mary. It was in the spring and I was a young college student. I remember visiting the Capitol and seeing for the first time the Chamber that we are now in--a memory I have never lost. I came back here 3 years later as a law student.  During my years at Georgetown, I visited the Congress, especially the U.S. Senate, over and over again. I heard so many of the great debates, from civil rights, through Supreme Court nominations, to what the Senate would do following the tragic change of Presidents in 1963.  In those debates, the Senate upheld its role in the continuity of our country and the Senate helped shape the conscience of the Nation.  After law school I went back to Vermont and was fortunate to become a prosecutor in our State's largest county. To many, it may appear that a prosecutor faces cut-and-dried questions. One either broke the law or one didn't.  I quickly learned that it was not quite that easy a choice. The greatest thing a prosecutor possesses besides his or her integrity is prosecutorial discretion. The prosecutor always has to ask if the law is just and does the penalty fit the crime. In 1972 I was faced with a question about Vermont's abortion statute. I long felt that this was a case where the law, even if constitutional, carried a punishment that did not reflect the crime. The law said that there would be significant penalties of 10 years and not less than 3 years for anybody who brought about an abortion at any time during a pregnancy for any reason except to save the life of the mother. To me, such a statute was unrealistic, apparently unconstitutional, and far too strict. I felt this even as one who wished there never would be abortions.  This matter became a Vermont Supreme Court issue in the case of Beechem v. Leahy (130 VT 1164) decided on February 8, 1972.  The Vermont Supreme Court actually used my argument and said:       We hold that the legislature, having affirmed the right of      a woman to abort, cannot simultaneously, by denying medical      aid in all but the cases where it is necessary to preserve      her life, prohibit its safe exercise. This is more than      regulation, and an anomaly fatal to the application of this      statute to medical practioners.  The court spoke of the statute being not regulative but prohibitive and in doing that they were a remarkable prelude to Roe versus Wade decided 11 months later.  We Vermonters said the question of having an abortion was a difficult and personal question and one to be decided between a woman and her doctor. The law stepped in only in extraordinary circumstances.  I am proud of the Vermont Supreme Court and proud of my role in their decision because it did protect a woman's right to choose. That has to be one of the most difficult decisions any woman can make.  Today, it is still the most difficult decision, and no legislator and no legislation should interfere, except in the most extreme cases, because a woman must make that decision for herself and for her conscience.  To this day, I recall the awe I felt walking on the Senate floor for the first time. I knew I walked where the giants of all parties who served here had walked. Today, like every day since, I remember the emotion of that first day in the Senate. I also recall the days as a young law student, sitting in the visitor's gallery, and thinking ``This truly is the body where our Nation's conscience resides.''  When I first ran for the Senate, I quoted Edmund Burke when I asked my fellow Vermonters to trust me with this office.  Burke said:       * * * it ought to be the happiness and glory of a      representative to live in the strictest union, the closest      correspondence, and the most unreserved communication with      his constituents. Their wishes ought to have great weight      with him; their opinions high respect; their business      unremitted attention. It is his duty to sacrifice his repose,      his pleasure, his satisfactions, to theirs--and above all,      ever, and in all cases, to prefer their interest to his own.       But his unbiased opinion, his mature judgment, his      enlightened conscience, he ought not to sacrifice to you, * *      * These he does not derive from your pleasure * * * no, nor      from the law and the Constitution. They are a trust from      Providence, for the abuse of which he is deeply answerable.      Your representative owes you, not his industry only, but his      judgment; and he betrays, instead of serving you, if he      sacrifices it to your opinion.  When the issue before us came up for a vote, I saw a poorly drafted statute; in fact, the suggestions contained in the letter from President Clinton to Senator Daschle demonstrate how much better the statute could have been drafted, and I wish this body had followed the suggestion of the distinguished Senator from California, Senator Boxer, who asked that we introduce and pass--as we would almost unanimously--legislation similar to what was suggested by the President. I was also offended by some--although not all--in the debate who looked only to politics and not the protection of a viable fetus. While President Clinton's veto may not be overridden today, I would ask both sides to put politics aside and consider writing legislation similar to what the President suggested. It would get broad bipartisan support.  As I have thought, and rethought that vote, I believe I reacted to a poorly drafted statute and a political debate. Instead, I should have asked, what for me is the ultimate question, what does the conscience of Patrick Leahy say?  The Senate can only be our Nation's conscience if we Senators follow ours on these matters. I respect all my constituents and all the Senators who will vote on this override. But on this issue my conscience, and my conscience alone, must determine my vote. I will vote to override.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  