ASHCROFT. The Senator will be pleased to yield at the conclusion of his remarks. I would add that I happen to be one of the few people in this body who has been term limited. I think it was a good thing.  I have observed the operation of term limits at the State level and, believe me, it is appropriate. I think it is important that the Senator understandwhat differences there might be if we were to have term limits.  Term limits change the way decisions are made. It is of interest to me that Stephen Moore of the Cato Institute conducted a study to determine what life under term limits might be like. What he found is we would have passed the balanced budget amendment three times. Concurrently, we could have equipped the President with the line-item veto as long ago as 1985. Can you imagine? Life under term limits would be different alright.  It is my belief that the people of this great land have said, ``We are tired of displacing the costs of our own consumption to generations yet to come. We are tired of the fact that every new child has a debt at birth of $18,000.'' And yet, commonsense reforms like these continue to fall short of the support needed for passage.  Mr. President, those are the things that did not pass. The study went on to note things that did. It is interesting. I see my friend, the Senator from Tennessee, is nodding his head because he knows what the issues are. Neither of the last two tax increases would have passed, and the last two pay increases would have failed as well.  I do not think that we should have term limits in order to get specific legislation. I think we ought to have term limits because it reflects well on the fundamental values of America. We should give the people what they ask for, what they know they want. We should at least give them the opportunity to vote on it. What stuns me is that Members of this body do not even want to let the States have a chance to consider it. That is a rather troublesome thing.  There are a wide variety of arguments that people bring up against term limits. It is said, ``Well, won't term limits increase the power of nonelected bureaucrats and staffers?'' I think in theory you might think the staffers will know everything. That has not been the way things have happened, however. It was not too long ago that Phil Gramm came to the Senate and tried to upset the apple cart of spending in his very first term. I think the 1994 newcomers have brought new ideas and energy as well.  Somebody said, ``Well, it will increase the influence of lobbyists.'' I think the basis of lobbyist relationships is long-term. As a matter of fact, most of the lobbyists I have talked to are opposed to term limits. They make big investments. They want those relationships to be as cozy as possible. I do not think we ought to have individuals in the Congress looking forward to long careers in Washington, DC. I think we need people looking forward to service in their district or State.  I believe the people of America have a strong understanding of term limits. The people have enacted term limits for 41 State Governors. In every State where they have had the initiative process, they have added Congress to the mix.  The beltway around Washington is the barrier to reform. Roughly 74 percent of the people want term limits. We have the opportunity to give it to them. And we have resisted. It is our fundamental duty to reflect the will of the people, to offer them the opportunity to embrace term limits for the Constitution of the United States.  The Senator from Vermont inquired earlier about retroactive term limits. What is interesting to me is that, to my knowledge, everywhere the people have had an opportunity to enact term limits on their own, they have made the limits prospective. I believe that is why we should have the kind of bill which has been proposed. It is not that you could not have another kind of concept. Instead, it is because this is what the American people prefer.  So I think the will of the people themselves is instructive. There may, of course, be a theoretical reasons why people would want a different approach. I do not know what that might be. But given the experience that the American people have had, and the durability of their understanding, I think it would behoove us to make our approach consistent with what they have requested in the past and with what they have specifically asked for themselves. That is consistent with the fundamental value of democracy for which this country stands.  Ultimately, term limits and our ability to offer it to America for inclusion into the Constitution at the adoption of the States is something that should foster, underscore, emphasize, improve, and strengthen the values for which we stand. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ashcroft). The Senator from Vermont.  