President, I reserve that time.  I should say that I do have a concern. This came up quite late last night, and I have just had a chance to start looking at it. I am concerned that the amendment would change permanent Forest Service law and does so without the normal hearings and debate or committee consideration. We have done this before. The Senate one other time changed Forest Service law on an ad hoc basis, and I think many of us rued the day for that. The so-called salvage rider was done on an ad hoc basis. It was done to address dead and dying trees. In fact, the measure instead suspended laws in Oregon and Washington and forced the Forest Service to cut live, green, ancient forest.  What I worry about is under the constricted and contracted situation in which we find ourselves we might do something similar.  The Senator has held a dozen hearings this year on Forest Service law focusing especially on conflicts within the existing law, but this issue has not received significant attention in this logical forum despite representation on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee.  I worry when we tell the Forest Service that they have to mandate for multiple use, which we have. That is a law passed long before any of us were in the Senate. That means the Forest Service has to manage for anglers, boaters, fisheries, wildlife, recreation, skiing, and a dozen other uses. They have to do that by law. Now we have this amendment though that says a single use gets preference but yet the multiple use law which has been there for 35 years still stands.  If we have a problem here, let us find a better way of doing it. I think it can be solved administratively. The Department of Agriculture spent a lot of time, I am told, on this issue. I am informed that all the parties involved have been invited to participate and that the relevant parties have agreed to a settlement. If that is the case, I think we should follow that procedure, not venture into unknown territory with a sweeping amendment to laws that have been on the books for decades.  The Forest Service was established to serve the many interests of all Americans. This amendment says that is fine, they can serve all Americans except that one becomes more equal than the other, water uses. And the idea of multiple use goes out the window.  So between now and the time of the vote I would be happy to talk with the proponent of the amendment, but, frankly, at this point I would have to oppose it because I believe it steps into a major area of law and does it in a way that could have unforeseen and difficult results.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  