President, today I am joining with Senator Simon to introduce a bill reauthorizing a number of worthwhile programs that serve young people and their families in Vermont and across the country. In particular, I am referring to the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Missing Children's Assistance Act, and related programs, whose authorizations are expiring later this year.  A few weeks ago, I had the privilege of meeting with Frances Dodd, coordinator of the Vermont Coalition of Runaway and Homeless Youth programs. The Vermont Coalition is a community-based network comprised of eight member programs that provide crisis response, emergency shelter, counseling, and other services to troubled youth throughout nine Vermont counties. This meeting also included a number of young Vermonters who knew first-hand the value of providing shelters and support for young people facing difficult times. I came away from that meeting more convinced than ever that the Federal assistance provided by the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act continues to make an important difference in the lives of our young people and to play a critical role in reuniting families.  Those who provide services pursuant to these programs and those who are the beneficiaries of those services are far too important to be left hanging. In a Congress in which the budget and appropriations processes have given way to short-lived spending authority, they all deserve the reassurance of reauthorization and a commitment to funding. Only then will our State youth service bureaus and other shelter and service providers be able to plan, design and implement the local programs necessary to make the goals of the act a reality.  In 1974, Congress passed the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act as title III of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act. The inclusion of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act in this legislation recognized that young people who were effectively homeless were in need of shelter, guidance and supervision, rather than punishment, and should be united with their families wherever possible.  Since 1974, the programs that make up the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act have evolved to meet the complex problems faced by our young people, their families and our communities. Over the last decade, as a nation, we have witnessed an increase in teen pregnancy rates, drug and alcohol abuse beginning as early as grade school, child physical and sexual abuse, and a soaring youth suicide rate.  Today, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act encompasses basic center grants, the transitional living program and drug abuse prevention program. These programs are vital to meeting the needs of troubled youth in rural Vermont and across the Nation. While the actual numbers of young people who run away or become homeless in rural areas might be small in comparison to that of large cities, emergency shelter and other services must still be accessible. It is an unfortunate reality that urban and rural youth can experience family conflict, and physical or sexual abuse.  The majority of these programs in my home State are coordinated through the Vermont Coalition. Young people find these services through friends and family as well as through referrals by police and our court diversion program.  Our Vermont programs and services have been very successful. Last year, for example 87 percent of runaways returned home or to a positive living situation after receiving services. Only 7 percent of those served in 1995 had new State social service cases open and less than 1 percent ended up in police custody. Since 1993, there has been a 42-percent increase in the total number of youths served by Vermont's programs. In 1995, these programs reached over 700 young people and over 1000 family members.  Two years ago, the Vermont Coalition was awarded a Federal rural demonstration grant to assist counties that lack adequate services for runaway youth in developing responsive programs. Through this grant, the Vermont Coalition was able to identify underserved counties, draw upon the expertise of its many programs and help develop programs for three additional Vermont counties in which services are now emerging.  Since 1989, the transitional living program, which was developed by my colleague, Senator Simon, has filled a gap in the needs of older youth to help them make the transition to independent living situations. I know how hard Senator Simon worked on creating this important program and I look forward to working with him now to continue it.  The programs we seek to reauthorize include those directed at young people who have had some kind of alcohol or other drug problem. The isolation in rural areas can lead to serious substance abuse problems. It is difficult to reach young people in rural areas and it is difficult for them to find the services they need. In Vermont, these drug abuse prevention programs provide essential outreach services.   Providing these types of community-based services to runaway and homeless youth seems to me to make good economic sense. We need only compare the cost of these programs to other services often needed by young people experiencing serious family conflict and associated social difficulties. Neglecting the needs of runaway and homeless youth and their families would have staggering economic implications. In Vermont, the average cost of services to youth by the Vermont Coalition of Runaway Youth Programs is $1,895. Compare this with $18,392, the average annual cost of maintaining someone in State custody through the social services department; the $50,000 it would cost to place someone in a substance abuse treatment facility; or the $60,000 a year it costs to incarcerate someone.  I receive letters from parents whose families have been kept together with the assistance of runaway and homeless programs as well as from young people who have been helped by these services. In one, a mother wrote of a program in the Northeast Kingdom:       My teenage daughter ran away this spring. I feel fortunate      to have been able to call upon the [Northeast Kingdom Youth      Services] programs. I credit the quick, compassionate      response by [the] on-call worker, with keeping my daughter      out of state custody. Careful, immediate intervention was the      key in helping my daughter feel comfortable about remaining      at home. [Your] ongoing efforts to mediate issues which      continue to arise have kept our family together.  These service providers are being challenged as never before with an increasingly complex set of problems affecting young people and their families. Now is not the time to abandon them. There is consensus among services providers that young people seeking services and their families are increasingly more troubled--as evidenced by reports of family violence, substance abuse and the effects of an array of economic pressures. These services may well be the key to breaking through the isolation of street youth, their mistrust of adults, and their reluctance to get involved with public or private providers.  Among the other critical programs reauthorized by our bill is the Missing Children's Assistance Act. Since its initial passage in 1984, we have made real progress on the tragedy of missing and exploited children. A national coordinated effort has proved essential in facing these problems. I understand that in Vermont alone there have been more than 30 cases of missing children resolved. Those children and their families know the value of this program.  This month, Senator Thompson has begun a series of hearings before the subcommittee on Youth Violence. I look forward to working with him and with Senator Biden, the ranking member on the subcommittee and on the Judiciary Committee, and our other colleagues in connection with these matters. In addition to the critical role that Senator Biden is playing, Senator Kennedy and Senator Kohl have long been supporters of the juvenile justice and delinquency prevention programs. Senator Specter has been actively involved in these matters for more than a decade, formerly chaired the Juvenile Justice Subcommittee and currently chairs the Appropriations Subcommittee with jurisdiction over many of these programs.  In light of the ongoing hearings and in deference to our colleagues who lead the subcommittee, we have chosen not to include the title II Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act programs in this reauthorization bill at this time. I understand that our colleagues, the administration, State program officers, the Ad Hoc Coalition on Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, and other groups are all currently developing proposals for the reauthorization of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act. We look forward to consideration of those proposals and to working together to continue the bipartisan traditional that has always attended this program. While we all need to work together to address the rise in serious, violent juvenile crime and the need to enhance public safety, I believe that we can do so while still preserving the essential elements of the act.  The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act has helped foster strides nationwide through a series of funded mandates. Throughout the United States, the number of violations of the deinstitutionalization mandate for status offenders and non-offenders has been reduced from 171,581 to 3,146 among the participating States. In 1994, 55 States and territories participated in the program and only three received reduced funding because of compliance issues.  Over a decade ago, the Vermont General Assembly established the Children and Family Council for Prevention programs, which is the designated State advisory group that monitors and distributes our funds under the title II block grant. The Vermont co-chairs of the council, Ken Schatz and Pamela Smith, and its other members encourage community involvement in the development of effective prevention programs that promote the health and increase the self-reliance of Vermont children and families. I look forward to working closely with the council on the reauthorization of the title II programs.  In June 1993, the council used Federal assistance under the act to sponsor a youthful offender study project. The ensuing report recommended the development of a youthful offender program, which won the endorsement of the Vermont Department of Corrections and the Department of Social Rehabilitative Services. The council is now funding projects with Federal assistance to implement this recommendation.  In 1994, the council developed Vermont's 3-year plan for the formula grant monies by identifying State priority areas. The largest portion of juvenile justice and delinquency prevention funding is a State block grant program, not a one-size-fits-all solution. In Vermont, the priorities are violent family functioning, the lack of treatment resources for violent youthful offenders and the need to improve the juvenile justice system. Over the last decade, Vermont has seen a substantial increase in reported violence against women and children. The council's plan allowed it to target this problem. The decrease in substantial cases of child abuse last year signals that the State's prevention efforts are making a difference.  Using its Federal assistance, Vermont has made great progress in improving the juvenile justice system in recent years. These funds enable Vermont to replicate initiatives that are working across the State. Typically, the Federal funding is leveraged with State and private funds to support these efforts. Vermont's formula grant has gone to support such projects as community-based treatment, court diversion, diversity training, pilot programs on juvenile restitution, its Families First program, its Caring Communities program and teen centers where young people can gather in a safe, supervised environment for socializing, group activities and educational events. One Vermont youthful offender noted:       The Diversion program works. The board's faith in me gave      me something to live up to and gave me confidence. They      trusted me at a time when almost all the trust I ever had was      gone, and they gave me one extra chance and that one extra      bit of trust that I needed.  Through the programs which make up the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act, the Federal response to the problems of our youth has become comprehensive and collaborative. The Federal technical and financial resources have enabled States to undertake a number of system-wide improvements. The bill that we are introducing today recognizes the importance of a nonpunitive system for vulnerable youth.  In my view, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act and the other Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act programs are working in Vermont and ought to be continued. Given the short time left in this Congress, I believe that changes proposed to the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act will have to be those around which a consensus can be obtained very quickly if we are to meet our goal of reauthorizing it before the end of the year. 