President, I am pleased that the Senate has today taken the important step of passing the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996, NII Protection Act, which I have sponsored with Senators Kyl and Grassley.  This legislation will help safeguard the privacy, security, and reliability of our national computer systems and networks and the information stored in, and carried on, those networks. Those systems and networks are vulnerable to the threat of attack by hackers, high-technology criminals and spies. The NII Protection Act will increase protection for both government and private computers, and the information on those computers, from the growing threat of computer crime.  Our dependency on computers and the growth of the Internet are both integrally linked to people's confidence in the privacy, security, and reliability of computer networks. That is why I have worked over the past decade to make sure the laws we have in place foster both privacy and security, and provide a sound foundation for new communications technologies to flourish.  Every technological advance provides new opportunities for legitimate uses and the potential for criminal exploitation. Existing criminal statutes provide a good framework for prosecuting most types of computer-related criminal conduct. But as technology changes and high-technology criminals devise new ways to use technology to commit offenses we have yet to anticipate, we must be ready to readjust and update our criminal code.  The NII Protection Act closes a number of gaps in the Computer Fraud and Abuse statute, which was originally enacted in 1984. This legislation would strengthen law enforcement's hands in fighting crimes targeted at computers, networks, and computerized information by, among other things, designating new computer crimes, and by extending protection to computer systems used in foreign or interstate commerce or communications.  We need to protect both government and private computers, and the information on those computers, from the very real and growing threat of computer crime. The facts speak for themselves--computer crime is on the rise. On September 12, a computer hacker attack, which shut down an New York Internet access provider with thousands of business and individual customers, made front page news, and revealed the vulnerability of every network service provider to such an attack. The Computer Emergency and Response Team [CERT] at Carnegie-Mellon University reports that over 12,000 Internet computers were attacked in 2,412 incidents in 1995 alone. A 1996 survey conducted jointly by the Computer Security Institute and the FBI showed that 42 percent of the respondents sustained an unauthorized use or intrusion into their computer systems in the past 12 months.  Nevertheless, while our current statute, in section 1030(a)(2), prohibits misuse of a computer to obtain information from a financial institution, it falls short of protecting the privacy and confidentiality of information on computers used in interstate or foreign commerce and communications. This gap in the law has become only more glaring as more Americans have connected their home and business computers to the global Internet.  This is not just a law enforcement issue, but an economic one. Breaches of computer security result in direct financial losses to American companies from the theft of trade secrets and proprietary information. A December 1995 report by the Computer Systems Policy Project, comprised of the CEO's from 13 major computer companies, estimates that financial losses in 1995 from breaches of computer security systems ranged from $2 to $4 billion. The report predicts that these numbers could rise in the year 2000 to $40 to $80 billion worldwide. The estimated amount of these losses is staggering.  The NII Protection Act would extend the protection already given to the computerized information of financial institutions and consumer reporting agencies, to computerized information held on computers used in interstate or foreign commerce on communications, if the conduct involved interstate or foreign communications. The provision is designed to protect against the interstate or foreign theft of information by computer.  Computer hackers have accessed sensitive government data regarding Operation Desert Storm, penetrated NASA computers, and broken into Federal courthouse computer systems containing confidential records. These outside hackers are subject to criminal prosecution under section 1030(a)(3) of the computer fraud and abuse statute. Yet, this statute contains no prohibition against malicious insiders: Those Government employees who abuse their computer access privileges by snooping through confidential tax returns, or selling confidential criminal history information from the National Crime Information Center [NCIC]. The NCIC is currently the Nation's most extensive computerized criminal justice information system, containing criminal history information, files on wanted persons, and information on stolen vehicles and missing persons.  I am very concerned about continuing reports of unauthorized access to highly personal and sensitive government information about individual Americans, such as NCIC data. For example, a ``Dear Abby'' column that appeared on June 20, 1996 in newspapers across the country carried a letter by a woman who claimed her in-laws ``ran her name through the FBI computer'' and, apparently, used access to the NCIC for personal purposes.  This published complaint comes on the heels of a General Accounting Office [GAO] report presented on July 28, 1993, before the House Government Operations Committee, Subcommittee on Information, Justice, Agriculture, and Transportation, on the abuse of NCIC information. Following an investigation, GAO determined that NCIC information had been misused by insiders--individuals with authorized access--some of whom had sold NCIC information to outsiders and determined whether friends and relatives had criminal records. The GAO found that some of the misuse jeopardized the safety of citizens and potentially jeopardized law enforcement personnel. Yet, no Federal or State laws are specifically directed at NCIC misuse and most abusers of NCIC were not criminally prosecuted. GAO concluded that Congress should enact legislation with strong criminal sanctions for the misuse of NCIC data.  This bill would criminalize these activities by amending the privacy protection provision in section 1030(a)(2) and extending its coverage to Federal Government computers. If the information obtained is of minimal value, the penalty is only a misdemeanor. If, on the other hand, the offense is committed for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain, for the purpose of committing any criminal or tortious act in violation of the Constitution or laws of the United States or of any State, or if the value of the information obtained exceeds $5,000, the penalty is a felony.  The current statute, in section 1030(a)(5), protects computers and computer systems from damage caused by either outside hackers or malicious insiders ``through means of a computer used in interstate commerce or communications.'' It does not, however, expressly prohibit the transmission of harmful computer viruses or programs from abroad, even though, a criminal armed with a modem and a computer can wreak havoc on computers located in the United States from virtually anywhere in the world. This is a significant challenge in fighting cybercrime: There are no borders or passport checkpoints in cyberspace. Communications flow seamlessly through cyberspace across datelines and the reach of local law enforcement.  Indeed, we have seen a number of examples of computer crimes directed from abroad, including the 1994 intrusion into the Rome Laboratory at Grifess Air Force Base in New York from the United Kingdom and the 1996 intrusion into Harvard University's computers from Buenos Aires, Argentina.  Additionally, the statute falls short of protecting our Government and financial institution computers from intrusive codes, such as computer viruses or worms. Generally, hacker intrusions that inject worms or viruses into a government or financial institution computer system, which is not used in interstate communications, are not federal offenses. The legislation would change that limitation and extend federal protection from intentionally damaging viruses to government and financial institution computers, even if they are not used in interstate communications.  The NII Protection Act would close these loopholes. Under the legislation, outside hackers--including those using foreign communications--and malicious insiders face criminal liability for intentionally damaging a computer. Outside hackers who break into a computer could also be punished for any reckless or other damage they cause by their trespass.  The current statute protects against computer abuses that cause computer ``damage'', a term that is defined to require either significant financial losses or potential impact on medical treatment. Yet, the NII and other computer systems are used for access to critical services such as emergency response systems, air traffic control, and the electrical power systems. These infrastructures are heavily dependent on computers. A computer attack that damages those computers could have significant repercussions for our public safety and our national security. The definition of ``damage'' in the Computer Fraud and Abuse statute should be sufficiently broad to encompass these types of harm against which people should be protected. The NII Protection Act addresses this concern and broadens the definition of ``damage'' to include causing physical injury to any person and threatening the public health or safety.  Finally, this legislation address a new and emerging problem of computer-age blackmail. This is a high-technology variation on old fashioned extortion. One case has been brought to my attention in which a person threatened to crash a computer system unless he was given free access to the system and an account. One can imagine situations in which hackers penetrate a system, encrypt a database and then demand money for the decoding key. This new provision would ensure law enforcement's ability to prosecute modern-day blackmailers, who threaten to harm or shut down computer networks unless their extortion demands are met.  Confronting cybercrime with up-to-date criminal laws, coupled with tough law enforcement, are critical for safeguarding the privacy, confidentiality and reliability of our critical computer systems and networks. I commend the Attorney General and the prosecutors within the Department of Justice who have worked diligently on this legislation and for their continuing efforts to address this critical area of our criminal law.  In sum, the NII Protection Act will provide much needed protection for our Nation's critical information infrastructure by penalizing those who abuse computers to damage computer networks, steal classified and valuable computer information, and commit other crimes on-line.  