President, again, I want to make it clear to the Senator from Tennessee, I am anxious to work with him. But what we have seen, essentially, in this iteration of the debate, is a dusting off of the same arguments we have heard on the floor of the Senate in the past, that somehow this is going to result in extraordinary losses of revenue.  For example, in 1997, we were told by a number of the organizations at the State and local level that this was going to produce massive losses of revenue. In fact, the exact quote is: Our efforts, the efforts of Senator McCain and I, and others, in 1997, would lead to a collapse of the State and local revenue system. The very next year, the year after we passed our first moratorium on multiple and discriminatory Internet taxes, we saw revenue go up $7 billion. So we have had essentially all of these dire projections, these calamitous projections year after year--and I put them all in the Record--and they have not come to pass.  The reason they have not come to pass is that nobody is talking about the Internet getting a free ride. All we have said, from the very beginning, is that under this legislation you have to treat the online world like you treat the offline world.  When I came to the floor of the Senate with the distinguished chairman of the Commerce Committee on this more than 7 years ago--and folks probably found this subject even more difficult then than they do now; I know that is hard to believe--we said: Look, if you buy the newspaper--essentially ``snail mail''--you are not paying any taxes, but if you buy the newspaper in the interactive edition, you pay a tax.  That was discriminatory. All we have tried to do over the last 7 years is essentially keep that principle in place and allow it to evolve with the technology. So for 7 years this has been about technology neutrality and dealing with these questions of State and local finance. The States have not lost money as a result of our making sure that you are not going to see multiple and discriminatory taxes on Internet access.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  