President, the United States Senate has now confirmed more than 170 of President Bush's judicial nominees. The nomination the Senate is considering today--that of William G. Myers III for a lifetime seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit--is different from many because of both the background and experience of the nominee and the direct and lasting influence the nominee's decisions will have on Oregon and her citizens. This nominee's rulings will affect the fate of environmental and other safeguards in nine western States, including Oregon.  After a career as a grazing and mining industry lobbyist, Mr. Myers worked as Solicitor General for the Department of Interior, responsible for Indian Affairs and most Federal lands. In his position at the Department of Interior, Mr. Myers continued to advocate for his former clients, overturning precedent to allow mining on sacred Indian grounds and rendering a decision in direct response to a case he participated in as a lobbyist. Not only has Mr. Myers refused to recuse himself from cases where there may be a conflict of interest, he has limited judicial experience. He received a partial Not Qualified rating from the American Bar Association and has minimal courtroom experience. He has never tried a jury case and never been involved as counsel in any criminal ligation. Unfortunately, Mr. Myers has demonstrated neither the experience nor judicial temperament to qualify him for this position.  As a result of his performance as Solicitor General, at least 180 groups have come out in opposition to his nomination. Among those opposing his nomination are every major tribe in this Nation--including the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians, the Cow Creek, Warm Springs, and Umatilla tribes all from Oregon, and the National Congress of American Indians, which represents over 250 tribes nationwide, as well as Oregon groups such as the Oregon Natural Resources Council. The Oregonian just published an editorial today, which may have said it best: ``Myers' anti-environmental activism by itself shouldn't disqualify him. The problem--and this gets back to his lack of judicial experience--is that he has no track record whatsoever to show how he would separate his ideology from his interpretation of the law on the Nation's second-highest court.''  Mr. President, I take very seriously the Senate's role to advise and consent to the President's nominations, and in this instance, the facts require that I withhold my consent on this nominee.  