President, skyrocketing prescription drug bills are hitting senior citizens in this country like a wrecking ball. It seems to me it is critically important that the Congress move on a bipartisan basis to put in place aggressive cost containment measures that can best be achieved by making sure that the Medicare Program has real bargaining power, that the barriers are eliminated to bringing in drugs that are safe from other countries, and that seniors are in a position to compare prices, with real price disclosure in markets across the country.  Today I have introduced, along with the senior Senator from Maine, Ms. Snowe, legislation that would do just that. I believe it is critically important for Congress to move on this legislation in the days ahead. If for no other reason, the legislation I introduced with Senator Snowe should be priority business because of the developments in the last week.  In the last week, it has become clear that the prescription drug measure passed last year--a measure I voted for--will cost over $130 billion more than was originally anticipated. So I think there was a strong case for the cost containment measures that Senator Snowe and I are advocating today even before the developments of the last week.  But on the basis of what we have learned in the last week, I don't see how you can logically argue that Medicare should not have the same authority to bargain for seniors who need those prescription drugs that Members of Congress benefit from because of the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program that goes to bat for us.  So I am hopeful that this bipartisan legislation--which I believe is the first significant bipartisan health reform bill this Congress--will be considered quickly. Certainly the developments of the last week have given, in my view, new impetus for this legislation.  Our legislation is called the MEND Act, the Medicare Enhancements for Needed Drugs Act. It attacks the high prices seniors are facing in four major ways:  First, it leverages the market share of tens of millions of seniors into real bargaining power.  Second, it breaks down the barriers to reimportation of lower cost drugs.  Third, it makes Congress a watchdog against unfair price spikes.  Fourth, it creates real incentives for seniors to get the best prices for their medicine.  I think colleagues understand, having been home over the last few weeks, that there is tremendous concern with respect to this legislation. There is confusion about what it stands for. I think we have all heard that. But at the top of the list of concerns seniors are bringing to us is the question of what is being done to rein in these costs. It seems to me that with an opportunity to address this in a bipartisan way, which is what I have done with Senator Snowe--we have been at this now for 5 years--the Congress could come together.  Now, if that is not done, it seems to me that given the developments of the last week, and the legislation costing $100 billion-plus more than anybody anticipated, we are going to see the frustration mount not just with seniors but with taxpayers across the country.  I am going to be talking about this legislation more in the days ahead. I am very pleased that the Senator from Colorado was kind enough to give me the opportunity to speak for a few minutes in the Chamber today. I am very pleased that, with Senator Snowe, we have a bipartisan, commonsense proposal that can help America's seniors receive the prescription drugs they need.  Our legislation will give seniors a powerful one-two punch to fight back against high prescription drug prices. It will help seniors save money on every prescription and give the new Medicare benefit even more buying power.  Under our bipartisan bill, the Secretary of Health and Human Services could fight on behalf of seniors for lower drug prices and individual Medicare plans would actually have incentives for negotiating prices comparable to the VA.  Seniors should not have to underwrite tax breaks for companies that try to keep affordable, reimported drugs out of their hands. Today, drug companies get a dollar-for-dollar tax writeoff on their advertising, advertising that is helping, in my view, to drive up the cost of prescription medicine. In the last year for which we have figures, direct-to-consumer advertising cost $2.5 billion.  What we say in our bipartisan legislation is if the drug companies say no to affordable reimported drugs for seniors, then they are going to have to say no to the tax breaks that are paid for with seniors' tax dollars.  I hope in this session of Congress we will see an effort on a bipartisan basis to improve on the legislation that was passed last year. I voted for that bill last year. I still have the welts on my back to show for it. But I also came to the floor at that time and said I think the Congress can do better in terms of cost containment, not by setting price controls, not by some big Government regime that has the Government interfering in various kinds of areas where there is no appropriate role. But I said there is no logical reason why Medicare shouldn't have the same bargaining power to get a good price for seniors the Federal employee plan has for Members of Congress. Now there is a bipartisan proposal before the Senate that will get seniors a fair shake using marketplace forces.  I hope in the remaining days of this session, legislation can be acted on favorably. Senator Snowe and I have worked as a bipartisan team for 5 years now in an effort to try to get this prescription drug issue right.  At the top of our seniors' concerns today is the need for better cost containment. We can do it with marketplace forces. The Senate now has bipartisan legislation that will do just that. I hope my colleagues will support it.  Again, I express my thanks to Senator Allard and look forward to working with him on the transportation bill as well.  