President, I also want to make sure our colleagues understand the timetable that is behind my resolution. On February 28, 2000, then-Senators Ashcroft and Abraham introduced a resolution calling on President Clinton to pressure OPEC to boost oil production before an OPEC meeting. That resolution passed the Senate by unanimous consent.  On June 22, 2000, then-candidate George Bush said:       I would hope the administration would convince our friends      at OPEC to open the spigots.  On February 10, 2004, our current Secretary of Energy said:       [It is] very clear we are not going to beg OPEC for oil.  On April 1 of this year, at a White House press briefing by Scott McClellan, he said:       Let me just continue to reiterate that we remain actively      engaged in discussions with our friends at OPEC. . . . We      continue to make our view known. The President certainly      makes his views known when he meets with world leaders      and when he talks with world leaders. High-level      administration officials from Dr. Rice to Secretary Powell      to Secretary Abraham are always in close contact with      producers around the world to make our views known. And we      continue to do so.  But given that timeline, on April 1 of this year--just a few days ago--the Foreign Minister of Saudi Arabia said he had not been contacted by the Bush administration over OPEC's decision to cut crude production by 1 million barrels a day. The Saudi Foreign Minister said:       I didn't hear from the Bush administration. I am hearing it      from you that they are disappointed.  That is a direct quote from the Saudi Foreign Minister. We have to have an administration that puts the heat on OPEC, that pushes them to increase oil production and, just as the Senate said in 2000, we ought to say it in 2004.  So given what I have just outlined, I now ask unanimous consent that the Foreign Relations Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 330, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the President should communicate to the members of OPEC and non-OPEC countries that participate in the cartel of crude oil-producing countries the position of the United States in favor of increasing world crude oil supplies so as to achieve stable crude oil prices; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the resolution and the preamble be agreed to en bloc, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, all without intervening action or debate.  