NICKLES. No, I want to make a few comments. Then I will be happy to engage in a dialog.  What is the cost of this proposal? I have heard somebody say it is paid for. It is not, according to the scoring rules we use in the Senate. The cost of it--and we got a copy of this from the Congressional Budget Office. The total budget authority over 10 years is $5.3 billion; estimated outlay is $5 billion, and a revenue decrease, because of the insurance tax credit, of $669 million. So it is a total cost of 7.6 billion over 10 years.  Now let's look at a couple of other provisions in the bill. This bill says we will take the present program and expand it. We will give basically refundable tax credits for insurance. The present program says the Federal Government will pay 65 percent of it, two-thirds. This bill says we will replace that and have the Federal Government pay 75 percent. That is three-fourths, if you are not real quick in math. And there is no limit on the cost.  So a person in high tech, as I heard my colleague say, could maybe have a very generous health care plan, maybe it costs $10,000 a year and the Federal Government will pay $7,500 because there is not a limit in the cost.  Wow. This thing is just growing. And maybe some people get some support from this union or that union, and it sounds good. But you start looking at it and you say: What are we doing? It purports to make some changes in the earned-income tax program. I am happy to make changes in the earned-income tax program, but I don't think this gets it done.  Basically what I see this doing is expanding an entitlement, saying, if you happen to be unemployed, either through manufacturing or through service workers, and somebody can say it is because those jobs went overseas--and that is somewhat discretionary in the assessment of it--the Federal Government is going to pick up three-fourths of your health care cost for the next 2 years and you are entitled to 2 years of unemployment compensation.  Unemployment compensation for most States averages about $260, $280, maybe $300 a week. In some States it is up to $700 a week. Again, there is no limit. If you are looking at $700 a week, you are talking about real money. You do that for 104 weeks, that is a pretty generous benefit paid by the Federal Government.  Guess what, folks. We have a little deficit problem around here. This is going to add to it. In fact, this would add to it to the tune of about $7 or $8 billion--$7.3 billion, I believe. At the appropriate time, I am going to make a budget point of order.  Let me give a little facts on trade adjustment assistance. Again, for all of our fiscal conservatives who say we need to get a handle on Federal spending, trade adjustment assistance cost $350 million in the year 2001. The year 2004, it cost $800 million. If we do this expansion, it is going to grow dramatically.  There are lots of reasons to vote against this proposal. I urge my colleagues at the appropriate time to vote against it, and at the appropriate time I will be making a budget point of order.  