President, I will be very brief. Again, I express my appreciation to the chair and ranking minority member. The chair made an important point with respect to the executive branch. Clearly, no President, no executive branch is going to ever hold a rally in favor of this kind of idea.  I think the Senator mentioned Senator Lott. Senator Lott has been invaluable from the very beginning. He said we just have to build in--whether it is Democrats or Republicans--a new sense of independence. I have tried to say that there is no question in my mind, whether it was a Democratic administration or a Republican administration, what you are talking about are human beings who I think inherently are going to be concerned about something coming out. So out comes the stamp and something is marked ``classified,'' and by the time the rubberstamp program is done, you have millions of documents classified in our country for reasons that have nothing to do with national security.  The Senator from Maine has summed it up very well. I am sure we are going to continue to hear from the administration as this is debated in the Senate and in the House. I do think we have struck a balance that ensures that by giving the President, in effect, the first word on a classification decision, through their appointees having the ability to classify a Government document and, in effect, the last word on a subject, because the independent board makes the recommendation to the President, if the President decides he doesn't want to go along with the independent board, they get the last word by stating in writing why they think the independent board is off base. I think that is the kind of balance between the executive branch and the legislative branch that we ought to have.  What pleases me is tonight this is the end of the line for a classification system that, in effect, encourages secrecy, discourages openness, and I am glad a bipartisan effort could have put all this time into it. I think we will have the amendment over here quickly. With the concurrence of the chair and the ranking minority member, it is not my intent to ask for a recorded vote. I think we can do it on a voice vote.  I yield the floor.  