 Mr. McCAIN. I don't know if the Senator from Oregon had a chance to see the article by Senator Allen this morning in the Wall Street Journal. I commend it to all. It is funny because Senator Allen's piece in the Wall Street Journal dovetails with the information we received in the Commerce Committee in the last 2 years about revisiting the 1996 Telecommunications Act and what we need to do in the future.  The issue that came up with all the witnesses this morning and came up yesterday morning was the United States is falling dangerously behind all other nations on DSL. We are now ranked 11th in the view of some, 20th in the view of others. If you would have told me 10 years ago we would rank behind South Korea on almost any technology, as intelligent and hard working and industrious as they are, I would have said: We have a problem.  As the Senator from Virginia points out in his piece, they are trying to tax DSL. Some States are taxing DSL. I am not saying it is taxation of DSL that has caused the serious problem we have fallen behind at least 10--in the view of some, 19--other nations in broadband access. But I am saying, why in the world would we want to lay taxes on them at a time when we need to expand it dramatically rather than lay a tax on it.  May I mention one other point here that is important. To all of these State Governors, the National Governors Association, who keep saying, ``We are losing all this revenue; why don't you stop spending so much,'' revenues have increased in literally every State in America in the last couple of years. Instead they are spending more. For them to tax DSL at a time when it, in the view of almost everyone, is critical to the United States maintaining its technological lead and the growth of business, communications, and politics, is outrageous. It is insulting. It is disgraceful these greedy Governors are so greedy they don't understand the impact of taxation of DSL, which is still only in 28 percent of our urban and suburban residences and 10 percent of rural America. Talk about tunnel vision.  They and their acolytes come over here and start talking about how important it is that they be able to keep taxing and that many of them--as Senator Allen points out in his column, they say: We are not going to tax hamburgers, so they tax the meat and not the bun--have started to tax DSL. It is spreading. Even in our bill, we are going to allow them to continue to do so. We are going to allow them, even though they are not in violation of the letter of the law, but certainly the intent of the law by taxing DSL. Now they want to tax it more. Every witness before our committee--we had the Cato Institute and the Brookings Institute; we had representatives across the spectrum of thought in America--said: You have to increase DSL. You have to increase broadband access. You are falling behind every other nation in the world.  So what do the Governors want to do? They want to tax them. We are going to have them come over here and talk about unfunded mandates and unfairness and fairness. The fact is, if we allow every State in America and every municipality in America to start taxing DSL, it is absolutely inevitable that we will see a slowing of the growth of broadband access. It is obvious if you lay another burden on it.  There are a number of areas, including overregulation and other things. Mr. Notebaert of Qwest pointed out yesterday that in order for his corporation to provide DSL to a home, to have permission to do so required $130,000 in expenditure and X number of days. I think he said something like 24 days. But if a cable company wants to provide exactly that same service, they can provide it in less than 24 hours. Obviously there is something fundamentally and terribly wrong in the regulatory regime, and it needs to be fixed.  I am not blaming our falling behind other nations on DSL and broadband access simply on taxation. But I am saying that increases in taxation--and it would be widespread if we opened the door--will have a substantial chilling effect in the reduction of what should be one of our Nation's highest priorities, as the President of the UnitedStates said in his speech the day before yesterday, to provide broadband access to all Americans no matter where they are.  I again congratulate my colleague from Virginia for an excellent piece in the Wall Street Journal. I recommend it to my colleagues.  