I think it is fair to say that nothing important in the Senate gets done unless it is bipartisan.  What the Senator from Missouri has done is lead the Senate in an area that I think is bold and innovative. In my view, it is an opportunity to provide a real turboboost to our economy. I represent a State that consistently is suffering high unemployment, loads of working-class families facing extraordinary economic hurt, and as we have talked about now for a good part of the day, there is no initiative before the Senate that will do more to create good-paying jobs than this particular legislation.  I think it is important for the Senate to say on this bill, at this critical time, that we are not going to stand pat, that the status quo is not good enough. Let's not have a business-as-usual transportation bill. I like the idea of getting our citizens excited, for example, about buying a child or a grandchild a Build America bond, something where kids can save and families can engage in an effort to strengthen our country's infrastructure, rebuild our critically neglected transportation systems, as the Senator from Missouri has noted, and particularly get the American people involved in the exercise.  I have just come from a round of town meetings at home across Oregon and talked about Build America bonds. As we have said, this is to supplement the good work that has been done by the Senator from Vermont and the Senator from Oklahoma and all of the Senators who have been part of our leadership. This is not to supplant existing funds; it is to supplement them, and to supplement the transportation sector at a very critical time.  I have long believed we cannot have big league economic progress with little league transportation systems. The pictures that have been shown today by the Senator from Missouri could essentially be pictures that could come from any of our communities, the communities of Vermont or New Hampshire or any of our individual States. In my State, there are traffic jams and backlogs in communities where no one could have even dreamed there would be a traffic jam even a few years ago. So it is for that reason that the Senator from Missouri and I come to offer a bipartisan and fresh approach involving a tax credit and an opportunity to address our country's transportation needs.  I will say to my colleagues that we are very much aware of the situation on the Senate floor with respect to this topic and the administration's views on it. My own belief is that at the end of the day, when the Senate and the House get together, led by the distinguished Senator from Vermont, Mr. Jeffords, and the distinguished chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator Inhofe, when they are in that room at the end of the day negotiating between the Senate and the House, I think they are going to be looking for opportunities to do a lot of good in the transportation area where the pricetag is pretty modest. When you use that as a definition in a conference committee, where you are trying to wring out the maximum in terms of value for job creation in meeting our country's infrastructure needs, if that is your measure, I think the legislation that Senator Talent has authored, with the help of myself and Senator Corzine and Senator Coleman of Minnesota--we have been very pleased on our side to be joined by Senator Durbin and Senator Dayton and others--I think when the Senator from Vermont and the distinguished whip, Senator Reid of Nevada, and others are in that final set of discussions with the House, this proposal is going to look pretty darned good. It is going to look very attractive compared to a tax increase, which certainly some have debated. It is always a noncontroversial topic to discuss tax increases in the Senate.  But I think to go with an approach like this, the Build America Bonds Initiative, where, as I learned in the course of the discussion, and the Senator from Missouri has just confirmed, the Federal Government is the only entity now that has not figured out how to do this, it seems to me we have an opportunity to address that deficiency and to do it in a responsible way.  The administration has indicated they want to cut the Senate bill. That has certainly generated concern in many quarters. It seems to me, when we can find hundreds of billions of dollars for various kinds of international challenges and concerns around the world, we can do some rebuilding here at home. I think this bonding proposal is a very innovative approach to, in effect, think outside the trust funds, think outside the box, and because of the various opportunities for transportation services to be addressed, this legislation lets the country think outside the gas tank.  As we have indicated, we call on this legislation for issuing federally backed bonds to pay for new transportation construction projects. A very broad coalition of groups has come together, groups representing business organizations, labor organizations, and all of them are united around the proposition that at a time when workers and communities are reeling from layoffs and getting pounded economically, we ought to look for opportunities to responsibly get the dollars that are needed for the transportation sector.  The Build America Bonds Program is a stimulus that will generate funding for our economy today. It is a chance for the Federal Government to hold up its end of the bargain with our States. I am hopeful Congress will finish the critical work on this legislation quickly, but more than anything, let us pass a transportation bill that is not business as usual. These are not standpat times. This is not a time, based on the meetings I just had in Oregon, where folks will say let's just keep doing what we have been doing and we can stand pat because everything is hunky-dory. I think they are looking for bolder and more creative ways to get our citizens and our economy going where we need to go.  The legislation Senator Talent and I have sponsored will help America get going in the right direction by providing additional funding to meet our country's transportation and economic needs.  I understand the situation with respect to the floor and the Senate today. I hope our colleagues will continue to work with Senator Talent and me as we go forward in the Senate, as it is debated with the House, because I am absolutely convinced that in the last hours of this discussion, when the Senate and the House are looking for a way to meet this country's transportation needs and looking for a way to do it in a cost-effective fashion, they will say the legislation that Senator Talent and I have put together is an opportunity to do a lot of good in a fashion that is fiscally responsible.  I yield the floor.  