President, 2004 is a momentous year for wilderness in Oregon. It marks the 40th anniversary of the 1964 Wilderness Act and the 20th anniversary of the Oregon Wilderness bill from 1984.  But perhaps most importantly, 2004 marks the bicentennial of the single most important exploratory committee ever to be launched by this Federal government: the Lewis and Clark Expedition.  I can see no better way to mark this auspicious year than by enacting a new Oregon Wilderness bill, the ``Lewis and Clark Mount Hood Wilderness Act of 2004,'' which includes, in tribute to the great river-dependent journey of Lewis and Clark, the addition of five free-flowing stretches of rivers to the National Wild and Scenic River System.  In the last few years, some of Oregon's most important treasures have been Congressionally protected: Steens Mountain is now home to 170,000 acres of Wilderness; the Little Sandy watershed is now part of the Bull Run Management Unit and will help provide drinking water for over 700,000 Oregonians; Soda Mountain has been designated a National Monument; and the Ft. Clatsop National Memorial has been expanded and is the subject of legislation under consideration by this august body, as I speak, to make it Oregon's second National Park.  The wilderness bill I introduce today continues to encapsulate, as did the draft wilderness proposal that I floated on this subject in March of this year, the wish of the people in my State to protect but also actively relate to her treasures. Thousands of Oregonians responded to my draft proposal--far more than I ever could have expected. As a result, this is their bill more than it is my bill.  Mount Hood and the Columbia Gorge must be protected because the people of Oregon love these areas, they are proud of these areas, and they are demanding that we come together to protect Oregon's treasures for this and future generations. The people of Oregon helped write this bill, and I believe the people of Oregon on a bipartisan basis will be the ones who help get it passed and signed by the President.  This bill I introduce today protects the lower elevation forests surrounding Mount Hood and the Columbia River Gorge as Lewis and Clark saw them. These forests symbolize the natural beauty of Oregon. They provide the clean water necessary for the survival of threatened steelhead, Coho and Chinook salmon. These forests provide critical habitat and diverse ecosystems for elk, deer, lynx and the majestic bald eagle. And these are the forests that provide unparalleled recreational opportunities for Oregonians and our visitors.  But the bill I introduce today differs in many ways from the draft proposal because it responds to the many comments I heard in the ensuing 4 months. I received thousands of comments on the proposed legislation. Some comments came as a result of the general public meetings I held in Oregon, onApril 11 and 14 of this year in Southwest Portland and in Hood River. Each meeting lasted over 3 hours, and everyone who wanted to speak was given an opportunity to do so. Other comments came from the second Mount Hood Summit held at Timberline Lodge in June hosted by Representatives Walden and Blumenauer. I and my staff met with over 100 community groups and local governments, the members of the Oregon congressional delegation, the Governor, and the Bush administration. And still more comments came from letters and phone calls from Oregonians.  What I overwhelmingly heard was the need to protect and build on Oregon's Wilderness system is as important today as it was in 1804, 1964 or 1984--and is arguably more so--but it must be accompanied by tools that help us create a planned future on Mount Hood. Mount Hood is clearly going to be at risk otherwise.  The Mount Hood National Forest is the eighth most visited National Forest in the United States. It is one of fourteen Forest Service-designated ``urban'' national forests in the entire Nation. In the 20 years that has elapsed since any new wilderness has been designated in the Mount Hood area--wild and scenic rivers were last set aside 16 years ago, the population in local counties has increased significantly--20 percent in Multnomah County, 24 percent in Hood River County, and 41 percent in Clackamas County.  The predominant public use of this urban forest is non-mechanized activity like hiking, camping, and fishing. With increasing emphasis on wild scenery, unspoiled wildlife habitats, free flowing rivers, wilderness and the need for opportunities for diverse outdoor recreation sometimes it seems--I heard this repeatedly--we are in jeopardy of ``loving our wild places to death.''  A few years ago, the Forest Service made a proposal to limit the number of people that could hike the south side of Mount Hood and the public outcry was enormous. Seems to me, rather than tell people that they are going to be restricted from using our public lands, part of the solution for the future of the Mountain lies in providing more opportunities for them to enjoy the Mountain's great places.  As the Forest Service is well-aware, Mt. Hood's non-mechanized use will increase dramatically over time, but the Forest Service's own documents acknowledge that we are not today even close to ready for that eventuality.  The Forest Service's current Land and Resource Management Plan for Mount Hood, page III-36, which notes the following:     the present capability to supply recreational opportunities      such as hiking on trails in primitive and semi-primitive non-     motorized areas is predicted to fall short of satisfying      demand.  According to that Forest Service management plan, the Mount Hood National Forest already provides resources for nearly twice the current demand for developed recreation like skiing, power boating and sightseeing by car, but meets less than two-thirds of the demand for backcountry recreation. The future is even grimmer. The Management Plan goes on to project that by 2040, the Mount Hood National Forest will only meet 16 percent of the demand for wilderness recreation, while still meeting over 100 percent of the demand for mechanized recreation.  This Forest Service-projected shortfall means an ever-increasing number of Oregonians will be forced onto inadequate, existing wilderness, drastically impacting the mountain, its visitors, and its well-deserved reputation as one of this country's greatest natural wonders.  Of the more than 600 people who attended the two meetings I held in April in Oregon, 128 spoke--110 in favor of more wilderness and 18 spoke in opposition.  Additionally, I received more than 1,100 written comments about the proposal and over 1,000 of those expressed support for additional wilderness.  I know my colleague wishes to speak. I want to wrap up by highlighting the key areas I had Oregonians focus on in these meetings and how we responded.  First, we heard that Oregonians felt there was not enough wilderness. Second, we heard concern from some who enjoy mountain biking that their recreational opportunity would be unfairly curtailed. Third, we heard from people in the towns, mountains, and gorges about fire protection for their communities. Fourth, we heard about forest health and timber--again, a very important set of concerns for our region. Finally, we were told about developed recreation with many being worried about maintaining a role for skiing and other recreational pleasures on Mount Hood.  In each of these five areas we took steps to address these concerns.  First, the legislation I introduce today to respond to the call of the people of my State for more wilderness would increase the amount we had originally proposed by designating approximately 177,000 new acres of wilderness.  These include very important areas surrounding the oldest Mount Hood wilderness areas--spectacular ridges that frame the Columbia River Gorge that all will marvel at and essential other areas of beautiful fall colors and the best deer and elk hunting existing in the entire forest.  Second, and especially important, I thought the mountain bikers raised valid concerns. So we took two steps. I proposed and I am very interested in talking to my friend from Tennessee who has such an interest in the environment and recreation, generally, about an idea we proposed in this legislation to create a Mount Hood Pedaler's Demonstration Experiment. We call it Hood-PDX, which would in effect be the Nation's first mountain bike area that would join such a treasure as Mount Hood. In this demonstration project, Hood-PDX would be managed as wilderness though it wouldn't be wilderness. It would be a pilot project encompassing over 13,000 acres and over 50 miles of trail. The mountain bikers would have 10 years to establish that bikers can coexist peacefully with wild natural areas.  We also made boundary adjustments to keep them on over 120 miles of trail which they were concerned about losing.  Third, we took steps to protect our communities--particularly Cascade Locks, Government Camp, and Rowena--and so this bill creates fire safety zones for communities in this area.  This legislation also reiterates the Forest Service's mandate for thinning for forest health on the Mount Hood National Resources, and especially the resources to get the job done in the area.  Finally, we add a proposal for developed recreation that would reestablish a southside winter recreation area that encompasses those areas on the southside of Mount Hood that have exceptional potential for commercial recreation.  The protection of these important areas will depend on the hard work and dedication of all Oregonians. I want to particularly thank my friend and colleague Senator Smith who meets with me every Thursday over lunch. We talk repeatedly about this issue and he has been very gracious. We are going to work together to address the various issues raised by our constituents and raised by our colleagues in the other body, particularly Congressmen Walden, Blumenauer, and Hooley.  This is a special day for Oregon. This is the formal beginning of an important debate about how to protect special Oregon treasure.  