President, very briefly, first I express my thanks to Senator Collins and Senator Lieberman for their help. They always go out of their way to help me and I am very appreciative of it.  My only substantive point, because we are going to work very closely, touches on the matter that our distinguished Chair made with respect to the executive branch having concerns about this issue. Every executive branch, whether it be controlled by Democrats or Republicans, will be concerned about this issue. What troubles the four of us is, whether a Democrat is President or a Republican is President, is that there are employees who can take a big old stamp, mark something ``secret,'' and then there is no independent review at all. That has been abused, in our view, on a bipartisan basis. It has been abused by administrations when they were run by Democrats. It has been abused when there have been administrations run by Republicans.  What the four Senators seek to do--now five, with the gracious help of the distinguished Senator from Texas--we seek to strike a balance between the President and the Congress.  What I say to the distinguished chairman of the committee, who makes a good point as to the executive branch, as the four of us talked about this issue--Senator Lott, Senator Snowe, Senator Graham, and myself--we felt we would give the President, the executive branch, the first word and the last word on an issue with respect to classification. It is possible under our bipartisan proposal for a President to have the last word with respect to whether a document is classified. What we do, consistent with that principle, is allow for a broad swath of congressional involvement in between the President having the first word and the last word.  I only say to the distinguished chair of the committee, I will work very closely with you and Senator Lieberman. My guess is we can never make the executive branch completely happy on this issue, whether it is controlled by a Democrat or controlled by a Republican. It is in the public interest now to strike a better balance with respect to how Government documents are classified with respect to the Congress and the President. We do that by giving the President the first word and the last word. But without any opportunity for congressional appeal, what we will have is what Senator Moynihan started talking about years ago, which is that in every executive branch, whether controlled by Democrats or Republicans, people in these agencies in the belly of some building somewhere will keep stamping stuff secret because there is no independent review. It is just in the political interests of those people to do it.  I look forward to working with my colleagues. They have been very kind.  I see the former chairman of the Intelligence Committee. My involvement in this issue really stems from the superb work Senator Graham has done. I hope everyone buys his book in hardback. It is a wonderful piece of scholarship with respect to intelligence.  I yield the floor.  