President, I see the Senator from Montana on the floor, and the Senator from Massachusetts,both of whom have done so much for working families, as has the Senator from Maine.  I bring this bipartisan amendment to the floor tonight because I think it illustrates a point Senator Lott expressed earlier when he talked about updating our laws to make sure they are fair and practical for the times.  The Trade Adjustment Assistance Act, which this amendment speaks to, has been a great asset to folks who have been laid off in the manufacturing sector. It was written more than three decades ago. Of course, that was the key sector in our economy and still is tremendously important today, but the fact is, the trade adjustment law today doesn't apply to about four-fifths of our workers, the folks who have been laid off in the service sector and in the high-technology sector. So what we have is millions of unemployed workers in the service sector and in the high-tech sector who are walking on an economic tightrope every single day, balancing their food costs against their fuel costs, and their fuel costs against the skyrocketing medical bills, as Senator Kennedy has pointed out.  What this bipartisan amendment seeks to do is establish parity between folks in the service and technology sector and those in the manufacturing sector. So people who lose their jobs when their employer closes or lays them off because of import competition, people in the public and private sector who lose their jobs when their facility moves overseas, and secondary service workers who provide services to a primary firm where workers are eligible for trade adjustment and whose closure causes the layoff or closure at the secondary firm--when those people are in the high-tech and service sector of our economy, under our bipartisan amendment those people would be able to get benefits under the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act.  In effect, this bipartisan coalition wants to persuade the Senate to support it. It is a proposition that no matter where an American works, if you lose your job because of imports, because your job moves offshore, you ought to be able to get retraining, income support, and help with your health insurance.  Workers in the high-tech sector in my home State and across the country have taken a pounding in recent years. The American Electronics Association reported recently the tech sector lost 775,000 jobs in 2001 to 2003 and another 3.3 million jobs could be lost in the next decade. A Deloitte & Touche survey of telecommunication companies forecasts that well over 275,000 jobs, or 5 percent of the total workforce, will move offshore in the next 4 years and more than half of all Fortune 500 companies are outsourcing software development or expanding their own operations overseas.  The fact is when you have a software developer earning $6 an hour in Bangalore, India, and 10 times that amount in Beaverton, OR, every single day this critical sector of our economy--services and high technology--faces extraordinarily tough competition. When the starting salary of a software engineer in India is $5,000 and top level IT professionals earn $20,000 there, you can be sure the competition is intense. The question is, Who is going to stand up for these American workers in the high-technology and service sector that plays such a critical role in our economy?  Some argue increased trade is an overall plus to the United States because it lowers prices for consumers. There is no doubt about that. That is why I have consistently supported trade. But there are negative effects on some of our workers.  Exports of high-tech products from my home State jumped 18 percent from 2001 to 2002, but in the technology industry jobs fell 11 percent. The Oregon Employment Department reports in the 2001 to 2003 period, 3,300 computer systems and design jobs were lost, 5,300 professional and technical service jobs have been lost, and 1,400 architectural and engineering service jobs were lost. Many of these have been lost due to trade.  I say it is time to update--as Senator Lott has said--this critical law, the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act, so millions of workers in the high-tech and services sector are not left without a safety net. They have a safety net in the trade adjustment law if they are in the manufacturing sector, and that has been a great benefit to those families. But for four-fifths of our workers, those in the high-tech and service sector, that safety net has not been there. This bipartisan amendment will restore it.  High-tech workers, as we know, have been the envy of the American workforce. Certainly during the dot-com boom of the late 1990s, they were responsible for a tremendous amount of economic growth. The ingenuity of these programmers, engineers, and designers helped drive our economy into the 21st century. The creativity of these workers generated an exceptional wave of economic prosperity. Trade agreements on services and intellectual property helped carry the fruit of these dedicated workers around the globe.  Globalization of technology is unquestionably globalizing the technology workforce. Geography is increasingly less important in determining where a job can be done. Globalization of information technology hardware production from 1995 to 2002 cut information technology hardware costs 10 to 30 percent, translating into higher productivity growth and adding hundreds of billions of dollars to the U.S. gross domestic product. Information technology became affordable to business sectors previously bypassed by the productivity boom, small-sized and mid-sized companies, health care and construction.  But as information technology hardware prices decline, the importance of information technology services and software increased, to almost 70 percent of information technology spending in 2001. One economist found offshoring reportedly saved most information technology organizations on the order of from 15 to 25 percent in the first year. With growth in software and services outpacing hardware spending by almost two to one, the demand for cheaper information technology services has lent strength to this ``offshoring tsunami'' and hammered many of our information technology workers in the process.  Certainly no one could have anticipated the shocking speed or scale of globalization in information technology. The American Electronics Association 2003 Cyberstates report found unemployment among computer programmers jumped from 4.5 percent in 2001 to 6.2 percent in 2003; that high-tech employment fell by 540,000 jobs to 6 million in 2002; and that a further loss of 234,000 jobs was expected in 2003.  Hardly a day goes by without a front-page story in virtually hundreds of communities across the country about an American programmer on his or her way out having to train a foreign worker who will replace them. It is a very rich irony that some of the same workers who launched the technology revolution have in fact become its victims.  The average American may think the Federal Government is helping technology and service workers displaced by trade, but it is not. That is because a law written in 1962, when so many of our workers were in the manufacturing sector, has not been updated. Now we have tens of thousands who have lost jobs in the services sector and the technology sector who are not eligible for the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act. The bipartisan amendment I offer today will open the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act door to these and other displaced services and technology sector workers.  The act is a lifeline for millions of these workers. It provides retraining, income support, a health insurance tax credit, and other benefits to workers who lose their jobs due to trade. It can also help secondary workers who supply parts and services who may lose their jobs when the facility or service shuts down due to import competition. This is exactly the type of help trade-displaced services workers need.  A self-described ``newly unemployed software engineer'' from Hillsboro, OR wrote in December: ``My job was moved to India where the company can pay Indians a fifth of what they pay Americans.''  Another wrote: ``As a 50-year-old high-tech manufacturing engineer with 26 years of experience, I was laid off in December 2002. I am sure the new factory the company is building in China will prevent my ever returning to the company. I can't even get hired into anentry-level position anywhere because I am over-qualified.''  These unemployed Oregonians--and there are thousands of others who are employed in the information technology sector and the service sector who have lost their jobs--deserve to have this law, as our friend from Mississippi, Senator Lott said, updated so they can get benefits in the safety net the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act offers. I have heard the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts champion this.  It is in effect a trampoline that allows individuals in our country who have been laid off through no fault of their own to get the training and the assistance and the kind of health care to in effect bounce back in our economy.  It seems to me workers reeling from the offshoring of service sector jobs cannot afford to wait for the higher skilled jobs that economists keep promising them are just around the corner. Higher value, higher paid systems integration jobs may come along, but I am telling you in my home State--and I think in communities across the country--a lot of unemployed information technology professionals think they are more likely to see Elvis than a sudden proliferation of help-wanted ads for new, highly skilled information technology jobs.  When a worker is displaced by trade, it should be irrelevant whether the person worked in services or technology or manufacturing. Every worker displaced by trade should be eligible for this very same benefit. This bipartisan amendment ensures that will be the case.  I again thank the distinguished Senator from Montana, my friend Senator Baucus. He has been so helpful to me on this and so many other matters during my service in the Senate.  I also thank the Senator from Minnesota who will be joining us. He has worked with the distinguished Senator from Montana and me on this bipartisan amendment.  The Senator from Minnesota has joined us. But we have colleagues who come from every part of the country who have joined us. Senator Brownback has joined us, Senator Snowe has joined us, Senator Dodd has joined us, and Senator Coleman, Senator Baucus, and Senator Rockefeller. * * * very hopeful that the Senate will resoundingly support this bipartisan amendment. This is about updating a law that is now more than three decades old, a law that does not cover services and high technology, to the detriment of millions of workers. We have a bipartisan proposal that allows that. I thank my good friend from Montana.  