President, I say to the Senator from North Dakota I very much support what the Senator is trying to do in terms of procedure. It is time to vote. As the Senator has said, whether 15 minutes or half an hour, people ought to get on to the task of voting.  After 8 years of discussing this eye-glazing subject of Internet taxes, we always cringe at the prospect of wading once more into this incredibly arcane area, so I will take a few minutes to talk about the definitions question with respect to Internet access. This is clearly the big hangup.  The Senator from North Dakota is here. He has been exceptionally cooperative, even though we have had different views on the subject over the last 8 years. I will take a couple of minutes to describe what the central concerns are with respect to working out the definition of the Internet access.  The concern on my part is, as the Alexander language is written today, in effect it will hide taxes on Internet access, No. 1; and, No. 2, it opens the door to multiple State and city taxes on the individual component parts the American people think of as Internet access. No Senator wants to do this. There is no Member of the Senate who gets up in the morning and says, I want to have thousands of new Internet taxes. However, the way the definition of the Alexander language is written today, it will, in fact, open up the opportunity to tax wireless Blackberry services, spam-filtering systems, Web hosting, and the like.  I will take a minute to touch on both of these concepts, the question of hiding the Internet taxes and the question of opening the entire Net to taxing the individual components. We will have to work through those two in order to do as the Senator from North Dakota has suggested--get this done as we have done on several occasions.  With respect to the hiding of taxes, it comes in the overall bill the consumer receives. We already see this in jurisdictions, for example, that tax DSL. Right now, I believe we are discriminating against the future. Right now cabling, in effect, gets a free ride. DSL gets taxed in a number of jurisdictions. This has special impact for my friend from North Dakota and me because DSL, of course, is the way we will get broadband into rural areas. The way that tax shows up, of course, is in the overall bill. It is just in the overall bill.  So unless we get equity for DSL relative to cable, what is going to happen in America is the Internet tax will be hidden in the overall kind of bill, and the consumer will just see, in Oregon and North Dakota and everywhere else, a higher bill for broadband than they would see right now for cable, and that would be continued.  So we absolutely, in the area of definitions, have to have technological neutrality. That is what we began with 8 years ago when we said everything that happens online is the same thing that is going to happen offline. To get the technological neutrality this time, we have to say that DSL does not get hammered and cable gets a free ride.  Here is an example. I want to offer this to my colleagues because I think it also highlights again our concern with respect to the definitions in the Alexander language and how it opens the opportunity for additional taxes. The Alexander language stipulates there be no tax on services used to ``connect the purchaser of Internet access to the Internet access provider.'' But nowhere in that language is the term ``connect'' defined.  Does it mean that Internet access ends where a computer hooks into the phoneline? Does it mean where the phoneline reaches the central office or where the line makes its first point of presence on the Net? So the term ``connect'' without any definition is simply uncharted territory, and it would again, in my view, allow States and cities to tax Internet access, again, through a kind of hidden approach that is going to keep the consumer from doing what I and the Senator from North Dakota have always tried to do in the consumer protection area: give consumers access to information and make sure there is truth in billing so they can actually choose between various technologies that best assist them.  With respect to the question of the Alexander legislation opening up the door to multiple State and city taxes on the individual components people think of as Internet access, we now have 391 separate taxes on telecommunications administered in 10,000 jurisdictions. The fact is, States tax different technology platforms for Internet access in different ways. So we have a cable modem platform, we have a traditional landline, we have a wireless dial-up in DSL, and, of course, satellites.  The Alexander proposal says that DSL is not Internet access but a telecommunications service, and, in effect, we would then see DSL further taxed. I think that would eliminate the competitive playing field that has always been the point of this exercise for now 8 years. To me, to just force people, particularly in rural areas--in the rural areas I care about and the Senator from North Dakota cares about--to face this discrimination against broadband is particularly troubling.  So I know this is exceptionally complicated material, and Senators have been barraged by all sides on this over the last few days. I have tried to outline how the revenue projections we have discussed over the last 8 years, with the States and localities saying they were going to lose vast amounts of revenue, have not come true. I have talked about how this is an effort, in this iteration of the Internet tax freedom bill, to essentially update our original law with respect to technology. But it is, as the Senator from North Dakota has correctly said, a question of definitions. So this concept, as I have outlined with respect to the Alexander language, in terms of how you would connect the purchaser of Internet access--without that being defined means you can expose jurisdictions to multiple forms of taxation. Then there is the question of hiding the Internet tax, which is what the Alexander proposal will do, because companies do not eat these costs; the companies end up passing them to the consumer.  So what will happen, all over this country--in North Dakota and Oregon and across the country--is that people who order broadband, who essentially look to DSL for their broadband services, will just get a higher bill. They will get a higher bill than people who order broadband through cable. That is regrettable. It certainly violates the principle of technological neutrality.  I repeat, I think the Senator from North Dakota has been very constructive on this issue. We have gone through this water torture exercise now since late 1996, and I am very much prepared to do this once again. But clearly, with respect to these definitions, we have some major issues that have to be worked through.  I also point out, as the chairman of the Commerce Committee did yesterday and Senator Allen has as well, in 10 separate areas, as we worked even for the managers' amendment, we have made efforts to compromise on the definitions question. We have exempted a whole host of areas all of the sponsors felt should not be subjected to taxation. With respect particularly to voice over, the exciting area where phone calls are going to be made over the Internet, we have made it clear in this legislation, in the substitute the chairman of the Commerce Committeeis offering, that we would not change the status quo.  I have heard from California and others that somehow this is going to dramatically change the question of taxation for phone calls over the Internet. The McCain language clearly stipulates--clearly stipulates--that in that area California and others have been so concerned about, there are no changes.  So I look forward to working with the Senator from North Dakota. I commend him for taking yet another crack, as he has done for 8 years with me, on this subject that I have been comparing to sort of prolonged root canal work. But we are going to get this done, and hopefully it will be this week.  