President, I see my colleagues still in the Chamber. I thank the Senator from Montana and the Senator from Minnesota, especially as the Senator from Montana touched on the issue of health insurance costs for people who have been laid off in high-tech and the manufacturing sector. As we heard earlier, these are folks who are getting hit by a wrecking ball with respect to health care. They literally have nowhere to turn. Many of them are not old enough for Medicare, not poor enough for Medicaid. They don't fit into a lot of the categories--these boxes by which you get health care in our country.  So what we did in these bipartisan negotiations--and the Senator from Minnesota was particularly helpful, but I also commend the Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Rockefeller, who is very much involved in this effort to get a bipartisan agreement with respect to a 75-percent allocation of the coverage--we were able to add critical benefits for spouses, which is something that was so important to help people where there was an interruption in coverage.  So what the Senator from Montana has outlined with respect to health care issues was exactly, in my view, how the Senate ought to move to deal with a very real problem but to do it in a bipartisan way. As we began those discussions, we had some folks who wanted to go even higher than the number we set out. Some people said you cannot go there at all because of the deficit.   But we made the judgment on a bipartisan basis that you could not afford not to cover these people because if, for example, as has been documented in the Finance Committee, these people cannot get coverage on an outpatient basis, what will happen again and again is they will face the need to have more extensive and much more expensive medical services. I was very glad the Senator from Montana brought up the bipartisan agreement as it related to the health care issue.  The Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Rockefeller, were especially helpful in the efforts led by the distinguished Senator from Montana.  