We certainly have the resolve to do all we can to go after those who were responsible.  The one question I have heard over and over again is: Did we receive a warning? Were we warned this was going to happen? I look at this in a little different context in that this should serve as a warning to us. It is time to get something on the record in the Senate as to what this means and what it really could mean in the future.  Ironically, at the time this happened I was on the ninth floor of the Hart Building in the Nation's Capitol complex, and I was looking out the window as I was speaking to a group. The last phrase of my speech was the same as it has been since 1995, and that is: We in the United States are in the most vulnerable and threatened position now as a nation than we have ever been in this Nation's history. As I said that, it happened to be right at 9:30 and I saw this billowing smoke come up from the area of the Pentagon, to find out later the tragedy really took place.  We are vulnerable, and we are vulnerable in three areas, certainly in conventional forces being one-half the force strength we were in 1991. We have to understand this; the American people have to understand this: We deployed our very rare resources to places where we should never have sent an American, such as Bosnia or such as Kosovo.  More than any other reason our vulnerability is that we had the opportunity to have a missile defense system in place by fiscal year 1998, and I say this criticizing the previous administration because they did not realize the threat was out there, the threat was real. We have veto messages from President Clinton that said: I will veto any bill that has money in it for a national missile defense system because the threat is not there. In fact, a threat is there. So in looking back at whathappened yesterday, I think we should have that as a warning to us of what could be even more devastating than what we witnessed yesterday.  I mention what I consider to be six incontrovertible facts. First of all, we are facing enemies who have the weapons and the skills and the mentality to strike without warning. We know that.  No. 2, they are willing and able to target innocent civilians within our borders.  No. 3, virtually all countries have weapons of mass destruction today, biological or chemical or nuclear.  No. 4, at least three countries--I say at least because we know North Korea, Russia, and China have ICBMs that will reach the United States from anyplace in the world but we do not know for sure that they are the only three countries because we do know China has been trading systems and technology with countries such as Iran, Iraq, Libya, Syria, and Pakistan. So we do not really know how many there are, but we know at least they exist out there.  No. 5, we have absolutely no defense. I hope Americans understand that if a missile came over from anyplace in the world, we would be totally naked. We have no defense against an incoming ICBM.  No. 6, the will is out there. No one can question that the will is there. We can remember even China saying back during the Taiwan Straits demonstration: We are not concerned about America coming to the aid of Taipei because they would rather defend Los Angeles than Taipei. Then we remember what Saddam Hussein said in 1991: If we had waited just 10 years to go into Kuwait, the Americans would not have come because we would have had the ability to launch a missile. And here it is, 10 years later.  I hope no one has any doubt, there should not be one Member of the Senate that has any doubt--of the fact that if someone is willing to drive an airplane into those towers, they would deploy a missile to the United States of America.  I, like everybody else, watched TV. I watched that skyline and the devastation in New York. I saw the skyline of New York City and the two towers imploding. If that weapon had been, instead of an airplane, a nuclear warhead, we would be looking at a cinder. It would not be 10,000, 20,000 or 30,000 people who lost their lives; it would be everybody in that area. We would be talking millions. It is a very real threat. The ultimate weapon of a terrorist is a missile with a nuclear warhead. We now know that. We have been warned.  We should make our No. 1 priority not just to go to our intelligence system and our conventional forces but to immediately get busy on being able to deploy a system at least to defend America against a limited missile attack. This should be our No. 1 priority. We are now warned. The ultimate weapon of a terrorist could become a reality very soon.  