President, as a lot of people have been doing, I have been watching and listening with a great deal of interest to the debate and the brilliant things that have been said about the proposed tax cut.  I think there are three significant things that have not come across in this debate, and I think we need to talk about that and concentrate on it.  One is the myth that if we cut rates, somehow that is going to have the result of cutting revenues. I do not know what we have to do in history to show that is not correct.  The first time that the whole idea--some call it supply side--came out was way back, following the First World War. At that time, it was the Harding administration and the Coolidge administration. They raised money in order to fight the war. And, of course, that was successful. But after the war, they decided that with the war effort gone, they could reduce the taxes. They reduced the top rate from 73 percent to 25 percent. They thought that would have a dramatic reduction in the revenues that were produced around our country. But they were willing to do it. To their surprise--this is the first time they had learned this--the economy, as a result of that reduction from the top rate of 73 percent down to 25 percent, actually grew the economy 59 percent between 1921 and 1929. And the revenues during that time grew from $719 million in 1921 to $1.16 billion in 1928.  Then along came the Kennedy administration. This is the one where I don't understand how liberal Democrats can stand here and ignore the lesson that we learned during the Kennedy administration. Yes. Kennedy wanted more money spent on social programs. And he said on this floor that we needed more money to raise more revenues to pay for all the domestic programs we were getting into, and the best way to increase revenue was to reduce taxes. At that time, the top tax rate was 91 percent.  So he reduced the taxes with the help of Congress from 91 percent down to 70 percent, and exactly the same thing with exactly the same percentages that took place after World War I took place. Tax revenues grew during that period of time, 1961 through 1968, by 62 percent.  I know there are a lot of people who don't want to believe this. I don't want to unfairly attribute a quote to Laura Tyson, but I remember in 1993 she made a statement I interpreted to be: There is no relationship between the taxes that a country pays and its economic performance. Theoretically, if that is true, you could tax Americans 100 percent and they would have the same motivation to stimulate the economy as if they were taxed 50 percent. We knew that is not right.  We had gone through that during the 1960s. For some reason, Democrats today will not acknowledge that. This is a lesson we learned from Democrats. Of course, the 1980s came. In 1980, the total amount of revenue raised to run the United States of America was $517 billion. In 1990, that was $1 trillion. It almost doubled in that 10-year-period. Those are the 10 years we had the most dramatic marginal rate reductions in the history of America. If you take just the marginal rates, it was $244 billion raised in 1980 and $446 billion raised in 1990. In that 10-year period it almost doubled, and that was dropping the rate from the 70-percent top bracket we inherited from President Kennedy when he brought it from 91 percent to 28 percent.  History has shown it will happen. Never once in the debate do we talk at all about the fact that it will not reduce revenues; it will increase revenues. I have watched this happen over my short lifespan in politics and have been surprised to find this is true. If the money is there, the politicians will spend it.  One of the best political speeches I heard in my life was the first one that Ronald Reagan made, ``A Rendezvous With Destiny.'' I bet some don't remember it at all. In the speech he said, the closest thing to immortality on the face of this Earth is a government program once started. That means if there is a problem, form a government program to take care of it; the problem goes away but the program remains there. This is a fact of life. It has repeated itself over and over again.  The second item--a lot of the liberals say this because it sounds good to conservatives--let's go ahead and not have tax cuts until we pay down the debt.  The Wall Street Journal had an article entitled, ``Where Do We Put the Surplus?'' A couple of professors say we have a serious problem because if we wanted to take the surpluses projected, which is $5.5 trillion in the next 10 years--upgraded by OMB to $6 trillion in that same timeframe we would have to find someplace to put the money. If you don't return it to the taxpayers, it will get spent. There aren't enough places you can put money like that because you can't pay down the debt immediately. Some things have not matured. You can't force a debt repayment in the publicly held portion, and the debt is $3 trillion. You have to find a place to put it.  You can go into the equity market. If you go into the equity market, that will create a problem. According to Greenspan, by the year 2020, if we take this course, the Government will own one-fifth of all domestic equities. If there is anything we don't want to happen, it is to have Government owning 50 percent of the private equities in this country.  The last point is how modest this cut is. I would like to have it much greater than $1.6 trillion because I believe we can afford to do that. During the Reagan administration, it was $1.6 trillion, but in today's dollars that would equal $6 trillion that we would actually have as tax cuts. If you look at it another way, taking it as a percentage of the gross domestic product, what we are suggesting is somewhere between a 0.9 and 1.2 percent cut in the gross domestic product. In the Kennedy years, it was 2.2 percent; during Reagan it was 3.3 percent. This is far less than those tax cuts would have been.  I conclude by saying we have a decision to make--and it is a very difficult decision--as to what to do with that amount of surplus.  I ask unanimous consent the Wall Street Journal article I referred to be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  