It is very important. We must get to a point where we can vote on it. I do have three amendments I want to take up. I will just stick it through until such time as I can bring them up.  Let me make a couple comments on some of the debate that has been going on. As far as prison labor is concerned, I assure the Senator from Alabama, who has been concerned about it, expressing his desire to have prisoners work, I can assure him that prisoners can work.  I can also assure him that the language, in my opinion--I have been on this committee now since 1994, and I have heard this debate every year since 1994--in the bill is good language. We need to be able to have quality work done on the work we are talking about in conjunction with this prison labor debate.  Let me assure the Senator from Alabama that we can go ahead and keep the language that is in our bill and still have a lot for the prisoners to do. I know a lot about this. I was mayor of Tulsa for three, four terms. During that time, we had a prostitution ring that hit Oklahoma and hit my city of Tulsa. It was a very serious problem. Of course, we would throw them in jail. They would get out about 10 minutes later, when their attorneys would come up. What I did was, instead of putting them in jail and incarcerating them, I put them in work details.  We had them out there--it worked out really well--cleaning up our parks. Because they had spiked heels, they could kind of go out there and pick up the trash, and it worked out very well. That program actually stopped that ring. It was because it was hard work. They didn't want to do it.  I can remember once I got a call from someone from Sidney, Australia, on a live radio show. I don't know what time it was there, but it was the middle of the night in Tulsa.  He said: Mr. Mayor, how cruel can you be, making those poor women go out and work hard in the hot sun and do all that labor.  I said: I'll tell what you I will do. We will just package them all up and send them to Sidney, and then it will be your problem.  Then he said: By jove, I think you have a good program there.  There is a lot of work that can be done by prisoners. Anyone who has worked in this area, which I have in Oklahoma with our State penitentiary, knows that can happen. That is not the issue. There is going to be work. They are going to get work anyway that is not as enjoyable as the work we are talking about. I support the language in the bill.  Under the debate right now, we have been talking about the proposed fifth round of the BRAC, base realignment and closure round. I have to say this: I am opposed to it, but for a different reason than the Senator from Maine who spoke before me. It is not that I don't believe in the process.  I was elected to the House of Representatives in 1986. Dick Armey put out this problem. He said: As it is, we are never going to be able to close installations and get rid of infrastructure that is no longer something we need if we leave it up to the political process. Each one is an economic base. There is not a Member of the House or the Senate who is not going to protect his own turf.  That had been true. So I strongly supported Dick Armey, and in 1987 we passed the BRAC process. We went through four rounds. Until the last round came up, it worked beautifully. It wasn't to everyone's satisfaction. A lot of people were mad about it. But a lot of bases, in New York and other places, were closed down and everyone cooperated.  In the fourth round, politics entered into it. It was a partisan thing because it was Democrats and Republicans who did it. That has taken care of where it can't happen again.  The system is good. I far prefer the system of having BRAC rounds over the system that we used before then.  Here is why I am opposed to it. It is a totally different reason. I heard Senator Bunning ask: Can anyone show me the amount of money that has been saved? We all have opinions as to what is projected into the future. I will say this: One thing we know for sure, we have closed 97 installations. I would suggest we wouldn't have closed one of them if it had not been for this process. We closed them. And in that time that we actually closed those, there wasn't one that didn't lose money for the first 3 or 4 years afterwards.  I think there probably is infrastructure out there that we are going to have to address at some time. We have two things that are going on right now: No. 1, we are bleeding. Everything is hemorrhaging right now. We know we are having problems in our force structure, problems with retention, problems with modernization. We need to have a missile defense system. All these things have top priority in the bill, and I agree that they should be done. So if we postpone the consideration--I know it doesn't take place until 2003--if we postpone it until a later date, then we will not have to forgo that money that it is going to cost to close bases at a time that we need to go into rebuilding our defense structure. We are repeating something right now like it was in 1981. We have a hollow force. So this is not the time. I might seriously consider it later on.  The second reason is this: We know we are going to change the force structure. We know we are right now at one-half of the force structure we were in 1991 during the Persian Gulf War. That can be documented. That is one-half the Army divisions, one-half the tactical Air Force, one-half the ships, down from 600 to 300. We know we are going to have to start building that force structure back up.  As we do it, we may be needing some of the infrastructure that right now, if it were looked at by a committee that were appointed now or next year, they might think is not necessary.  Let's wait. To artificially lower the infrastructure down to here, when our force structure is too low and we are going to have to raise it up--we don't know what we are going to be needing at the time. The time is not right.  I believe in the system. I will support it at the appropriate time. But we need every dollar we can get to rebuild our defenses today. That is what this bill is all about. That is why this is one of the few parts of this bill with which I disagree.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Stabenow). The Senator from Ohio.  