I felt compelled to share it.  Right now, something very significant is taking place. There is a conference committee that is looking at the bill that we passed and the bill that was passed in the House of Representatives. They are going to come out with a product and decide just how to change it because the bills are not exactly the same.  It is a piece of legislation that will do something very significant. It is going to provide tax relief for the American people. It occurred to me--I will use the words ``liberal'' and ``conservative'' in a very friendly way, but all too often, people do not know what you are talking about when you call someone a liberal or a moderate or a conservative.  A liberal believes that Government should have a greater involvement in his or her life and really believes that there are more things in which the Government should be involved. I suggest to you that the more things Government gets involved in, the more individual freedoms we lose.  I happen to be a conservative. I agree that Government is involved in too many things. I think that other than national defense, which we need to be more involved in right now, there are many activities taking place in this country that our Founding Fathers really did not think were the role of the Federal Government.  We are in a very strange time right now. We are in a time when we have surpluses. We are all very gratified for that. But the whole idea of tax relief is offensive to people who fall into the definition I just referred to of a liberal. They want to use that money. They want to start new programs.  Now we have this time of surplus. I want to applaud the President of the United States, George W. Bush, because what he said he wanted to do was, first of all, take everything that could be used to spend down the deficit for the next 10 years and use it.  I have a lot of town meetings in my State of Oklahoma with very wise people, but they are too busy going out to make a living and paying for all this fun we are having in Washington, that they do not really understand that when you have such surpluses that once you use those surpluses to start new Government programs, then the Government programs might work, and the problems that they are addressing might go away but the Government program goes on.  I can remember that one of the greatest speeches made during my career was one that was made many years ago by Ronald Reagan before he even ran for Governor of California. The speech was called ``Rendezvous With Destiny.'' He said: There's nothing closer to immortality on the face of this Earth than a Government agency, once formed.  So if you don't want to increase the size and scope of Government, then you need to address what the President is addressing now. President Bush said: Let's start off by taking all the money to pay down the debt. Most people think, if you had $5 billion, you go up there and drop it someplace and the debt would be gone. That is not true because you can't pay off something until it comes due. So what this President has suggested to us is, let's pay off everything for the next 10 years that can be paid off on the national debt.  Then let's look at Social Security. Let's make sure the fund is actuarially sound and the money is going to be there for the people when they reach the age that they can draw it out.  Incidentally, Social Security reform doesn't mean that is going to change. That program would continue; the money will be there; but it will give some of the new people who come into the program an option as to what they do with the money they pay into the system.  Then the President said: Let's take Medicare and do the same thing with that. So he proposed actually increasing it by $153 billion over a period of 6 years--that would take care of that problem--and after that, to put some money in so we can take care of a very serious problem, the most serious problem the Nation is facing right now, and that is the demise of the military overthe last 8 years. Let's build that back up.  After that has been done, all of that is behind us, then let's take this surplus that remains and return it to the American people as an overpayment because they paid too much. It is like buying a car and you find out when you get back home, you read the sticker price and think, wait a minute, I paid too much. You go back to the dealer and you expect to get the money back. He would say: I gave it to my mother-in-law. That is kind of what happens in this case.  So we have the opportunity to return to those who paid it an amount of money. We should be looking at a much larger tax reduction than they are negotiating right now. What they are negotiating right now, if you put it in as a percentage of GDP, would be about 1 percent. Yet our other two major reductions in this century were far greater than that.  The liberals are missing a bet. If they really want to get more money into the system, they should be supporting larger tax cuts because history has shown us, when you reduce the marginal rates, it has the effect of increasing revenues.  Going back to World War I, the President, after World War I, said: The war effort is behind us now so we will go ahead and reduce these marginal income tax rates. And they did. To their shock, they found out that it didn't reduce revenues. It massively increased revenues.  I am a conservative Republican. I look back wistfully at the days when we had a President, a Democrat, who realized that this concept works every time. It was President Kennedy in the 1960s who said, we need to expand the role of Government and get into a lot of programs--perhaps such as the dental program the Presiding Officer discussed--and the best way to do this--this is a direct quote from President Kennedy--to increase revenues, is ``to reduce the marginal rates so that the economy will expand.'' For each 1-percent expansion in the economy, that produces about $46 billion in new revenue.  Sure enough, it happened. In fact, it almost doubled the revenue in the 6 years after that massive cut. Remember how big that cut was? It went from 91 percent down to 78 percent. It was a huge cut, much greater than we are talking about doing today. So that worked and some of these programs were funded.  Then along came Ronald Reagan. The decade of the 1980s, from 1980 to 1990, saw the largest tax reduction in the history of this Nation. President Reagan was elected and the first thing he did was sign the tax reduction. He took that 78-percent rate and brought it all the way down to, I think, 28 percent. The result was great increases, massive increases in revenues.  To document that, the total amount of revenue that came in from all marginal rates in 1980 was $244 billion. In 1990, it was $466 billion after all the reductions that had taken place, the largest reductions in any 10-year period in the Nation's history.  You hear the liberals saying: Look at all the deficits that came about during that 10-year period. That wasn't a result of the President. That was a result of a very liberal, big-spending, Democrat-controlled House and Senate that increased the spending.  You cannot blame that on the President because he was the one who reduced the taxes and was responsible for doubling the revenues at that time.  We should stand back and look at this. We had one of the financial advisers to President Clinton, when he was President when he first came in, who made the statement that there was no relationship between the level of taxes the Nation pays and its productivity. Theoretically, that means if you pay 100-percent taxes, you will be just as motivated to work hard and to expand the economy as if you were paying no taxes. Obviously, that doesn't make sense.  It is time the American people realize what we are trying to do and what this President is trying to do and that we get the best conference report out and that this can be a very historic time because sometime, maybe today, that conference report will come out. It will incorporate some tax reduction, not great tax reduction--the top rate may be going down from 39 to 35 percent--and actually eliminating some taxes down at the lower income level. I think we have an opportunity to pass this thing out today. This will go down as probably a great legacy, not just for the President of the United States but for the House and the Senate which are working on this.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  