President, I wanted more time, but I think almost everything has been said, except only in Washington can we have the opinion that no good decision is made unless it is made in Washington, DC. We had a news conference some time ago--in October--about what the regulations cost the American people. The average family of four right now pays $6,800 a year just for these regulations.  In the Clinton administration, the average number of pages of regulations per day in the Federal Register was 319. The previous record was 280 pages.  I remember when OSHA first started. I was in the State senate at that time. I remember when I was in Michigan and I held a book up and said--I was going to talk to the National Association of Manufacturers. I said: I bet I can close down anybody in here just with these regulations.  One guy called me on it and we went out and closed him down. Overregulation is an extremely burdensome thing.  I think as far as the extreme broad reach of this program, single incident trigger--all these points have been made. I want to just bring it closer to home and share with you a couple of things and ask that they be put in the Record. We have had over 1,000 letters from the various businesses and others who believe their businesses have been threatened.  I ask unanimous consent these excerpts of letters be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       The OSHA ergonomics rule threatens our company's future and      the jobs of the employees who depend upon us. It will result      in increased food prices for Oklahoma consumers.--Ron Cross,      Stephenson Wholesale Company, Inc. Durant, OK.       Please support the CRA to repeal the OSHA Ergonomics      Regulations. The rule may have had good intentions, but the      way it was executed was terrible. I own a small business and      do not need much more government weight on my back to induce      me to just pull the plug and shut it down.--Jeff Painter,      Claremore, OK.       It would greatly increase costs in my practice.--Dr. Bob      Barheld, McAlester, OK.       And if I am forced to pay 100% of employees' pay and      benefits while they're on ergonomics leave for three months      aka the `work restriction protection' requirement, I'll be      out of business. Doris Lambert, Quick Lube, Lawton, OK.       We are greatly concerned by OSHA's final ergonomics      regulation. If fully implemented in its current form, this      regulation will likely impose huge administrative burdens,      require the purchase of expensive new equipment, and dictate      the reconfiguration of many of our facilities. It may      actually cost jobs--while not ensuring that a single      workplace injury will be prevented.--V.E. Hartnett, Con-Way      Southern Express, Oklahoma City, OK.  