President, reluctantly I rise to differ with my good friend from Wyoming. I come from the perspective of chairing the Readiness Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee. I have looked carefully at some of the problems over the last 8 years in a couple of respects. First of all, we are dramatically and grossly underfunded in most of our accounts for our military relative to the threat that is out there. We have gone through a difficult time with China and hopefully it is coming to an end now. If we go back to 1995 when we started getting some of the very first comments made by the Chinese that have been very threatening to the United States, it was during the elections not long ago in Taiwan when the Chinese were demonstrating their missiles in the Taiwan Strait and the statement was made ``we are not concerned about the United States coming to the aid of Taipei because they would rather defend Los Angeles.'' That is at least an indirect threat.  Most recently there have been statements made from more than one high Chinese official saying war with America is inevitable. Over the last 8 years, we found that half of our nuclear secrets--we had a total of 16--were compromised during the Clinton administration, 8 of them were compromised prior to the Clinton administration. We found out in 1999 that way back in 1995 the other 8 nuclear compromises took place. There was an informant who came in, in 1995, and informed us these compromises had taken place. This was covered up, I am sorry to say, by the administration until the Cox report discovered it and released it in 1999, 4 years later.  We look at those things that have taken place, the transfer of technology to the Chinese, and we now see a massive military buildup by the Chinese. This is the same country that is saying war with America is inevitable. We know they made some purchases of SU27s and SU30s. They will have aircraft that is better and more modernair-to-air aircraft than anything we have in our arsenal, including the F-15. We are looking at a percentage of their budget that is going now to buildups. We also know they have virtually all--at least those 16--of our nuclear secrets.  We have been facing also, during the Clinton administration, the signing of waivers. In order to make it easier to transfer technology, they took the waiver process out of the State Department and put it into the Commerce Department, only to reverse that later on when we found out that many of the transfers had taken place.  We remember regretfully the time President Clinton signed a waiver to allow the transfer of guidance technology that was produced by the Loral Corporation. That is something that would be very dangerous for the other side to have.  Considering what little we do have left in terms of technology, I cannot imagine a worse time in our Nation's history to be making it easier to transfer technology from a pure national security standpoint than right now. So I am hoping my colleagues will look at what has happened over the last 8 years, look at what has happened over the last 2 weeks, and come to the conclusion that maybe this is a good idea for sometime in the future. It is not a good idea for this time.  I yield the floor.  