The issue of the Vieques training range has been a contentious one now for a number of years. We did resolve this in such a way that there would be a referendum that would take place on November 6, where the eligible voters among the population of 9,300 people on the Island of Vieques would vote as to whether or not the Navy should continue naval training operations on the range.  A lot of things have happened since then. I agreed with that. That was my language in the Defense authorization bill last year. However, since that time we have found we are deploying east coast deployments to the Persian Gulf. A lot of these battle groups have not been able to have adequate training. Since that time we had the war declared upon us by the terrorists on the 11th of September. That has changed everything.  Since that time we have had Puerto Rico come and say they want to support the training of our troops. We currently have, being debated now, a resolution in the legislature in Puerto Rico that is going to say: ``We Puerto Ricans, as proud American citizens with the same responsibilities as our brethren in the continental United States, have the obligation of contributing to this fight, allowing and supporting military training and exercises on the island municipality of Vieques.''  Vieques is a municipality of Puerto Rico.  What we believe is a solution to this now and should be put on this bill as an amendment is language that would do away with the referendum of November 6. There are several reasons why. One reason is the policy is not a good policy. I never believed it was. Prior to the events of September 11, we thought this was something that would resolve that issue.  This amendment would do two things. It would do away with the referendum of the 6th of November; two, it would say we would continue to do as the law provides today, until such time as both the CNO of the Navy and the Commandant of the Marine Corps sign a certificate saying that training is no longer needed. I cannot think of a worse time to force our military to stop training than right now. Right now we should be enhancing training.  That is a very simple amendment, one to which there may be some opposition. However, it merely says that, at least in the time being, do not have a referendum, but continue to train our troops as they are deployed in these battle group deployments, from the east coast and elsewhere, until such time as the CNO and the Commandant agree that training is no longer necessary.  