President, I will identify myself with the remarks of the previous speaker, the distinguished Senator from West Virginia. He is a very wise man. He has thought this through. We have heard a lot of wisdom in the last few days in this Chamber.  Sometimes a child has an innocent wisdom that is more wisdom than anything we hear in this Chamber. My wife and I have four children and nine grandchildren. I can recall when my No. 2 son, who is now a hand surgeon, was very small, I was teaching him how to ride a bicycle. We have all had this experience, running beside them, and finally they are balanced and they make the first trip around the block. He came up the hill panting away. He looked at me and said: Daddy, I wish the whole world was downhill.  We know the whole world is not downhill. We think about these things. I had a phone call from my daughter, Molly, on Tuesday after this tragedy happened. She is a professor at the University of Arkansas, and a very accomplished one. She has four children--three boys and a little girl. In fact, the little girl she just adopted from Ethiopia. Her older boys are Jason, age 5; the next one is Luke, who is 3 years old. She was taking him to kindergarten.  On the way to kindergarten, they were listening to the radio. It is Ed Koch speaking from New York. He said--I believe she told me--three times in a row: We need to kill binLaden. We need to kill bin Laden. We need to kill bin Laden.  Little 5-year old Jason looked at up and said: Mommy, who is bin Laden?  She said: bin Laden is a very evil, bad man.  He said this. He said: Instead of killing Mr. bin Laden, why don't we do a powerful prayer, and we will build a powerful shield around him so that he cannot hear the voices of the devil. He will only hear the voice of God, and God will be in his heart.  I thought, that is the real intellect in America.  I believe that God is in the hearts of more Americans today than perhaps ever before. People realize that there is something bigger than what has been happening here on Earth.  I think because of four reasons I probably had more opportunities to respond to this disaster than others. Those four reasons are: No. 1, I am on the Intelligence Committee; No. 2, I am on the Senate Armed Services Committee; No. 3, I am a licensed pilot; and No. 4, I am from Oklahoma.  As far as being a pilot is concerned, I believe that since the retirement of John Glenn, Senator Glenn of Ohio, that leaves me as the last active commercial pilot in the Senate.  I have been called by a lot of people in the media to talk about those issues. For example, most of my pilot friends would have thought the same as I did on Tuesday afternoon before any of the details came in, that virtually anyone who knew the basics of flying could take over an airplane that is already in the air and apply those basics to go hit a target--until I heard some of the details--for example, the 757 that I believe we now know, after picking up these fragmented details--we came to the conclusion, which may or may not be right, and we have expressed them here on the floor--the 757 was headed for the White House and for some reason made a diversion, for reasons which we don't know. Maybe that was the original plan. Maybe it was something that was there that made him believe he could not make that target and he made an alternative target, which was the Pentagon. He made a very steep 207-degree turn with the 757 at a low attitude, knowing there is such a thing as a high-speed stall with a high bank.  This guy knew what he was doing. He was an accomplished pilot, and he went ahead and hit, I believe, what was the second target in his very well executed terrorist act.  Second, as far as flying is concerned, one of my closest friends is--this goes way back from the time we were in the House of Representatives together--Norman Mineta, a Democrat from California. Both of us were on the Transportation Committee. He was chairman of the Aviation Subcommittee and then the Transportation Committee. We became very close friends.  In fact, when he was appointed by President Bush, I called him up. I said: Norm, who was the only Republican who openly supported you even over your Republican opponents during the years that you served in the House. He said: This must be Jim Inhofe.  We have had a chance to visit about this. I consider him a very close friend.  