President, I thank the assistant minority leader.  Certainly in having the discussion on the floor about Christine Todd Whitman and her nomination to be the director of the EPA--I have served on the Environment and Public Works Committee since I have been in the Senate--I can say what a refreshing change it is going to be. I have watched her record and things for which she stands. She is someone who really believes in a commonsense approach to solving problems. She has experience as Governor and has the desire for cost-effective programs and environmental beliefs. I am very pleased that she is going to take on this job at a time when we really have serious problems.  For the last 8 years, we have not had a reliance upon science in the promulgation of our rules and regulations. We haven't had the cost-benefit analyses that I think most people realize we should have. I think there is a lot of work to be done.  I was very upset when we ended up with the so-called ``midnight regulations.'' I applaud President Bush for issuing a 60-day review of all of the Clinton administration's midnight regulations. For example, one of the regulations was the final rule, the sulfur diesel rule which spent 2 weeks at the OMB instead of the customary 90 days. This is something that will have a direct effect on the cost of fuel, something we were having hearings on, and we didn't need to rush into that. Or some of the regulations having to do with putting 60 million acres out of reach so that they cannot be developed or have roads built on them.  Right now, we have a crisis in this country. Some States have a greater crisis than we have. But certainly it is a crisis in terms of the price of fuel and the availability of fuel. By putting this 60 million acres in the category that it is in, it would keep us from developing about 21 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. That would be enough to run this country for a period of 1 year.  The EPA doesn't operate in a vacuum. Some of the things they have and the rules they promulgate affect other departments. I happen to be chairman of the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness. And I can tell you right now that some of the EPA regulations on our training grounds have caused us to be less than adequate in our training activities. In fact, we have testimony from one of our commander trainers that they spend more money on compliance of EPA rules and regulations than they do actually on training.  In terms of the energy supply, we can't just act as though all of these new rules and regulations affecting our refiners don't have an effect on cost. They do have an effect on cost of gasoline that we burn in our cars. It is something that will have to be dealt with. Right now, we are at 100 percent of refining capacity in this country. Any new rules and regulations that would cause any of these refiners to drop down directly impacts and increases the cost of fuel.  If I could single out one thing that I am really thankful for in Christine Todd Whitman taking on this position, it is that she has been on the receiving end of abusive regulations. She has been the Governor of a State that had to comply with things without adequate time, without the resources, and I think it is time we had someone in that position who has been on the receiving end of these regulations. I am sure Christine Todd Whitman will be one of the best directors we have ever had for the EPA.  I yield the floor.  