President, in an effort to try to get this bill through, which America desperately needs now, I had about 16 amendments on which I worked out arrangements and understandings with other people so that I am down to only three amendments. Of these three amendments, as was suggested by the Senator from Michigan, one is without controversy, I thought, until about 5 minutes ago.  My understanding is one Republican Senator is going to object to it. That being the case, we will have to have a rollcall on that amendment.  I would like to explain that amendment and hopefully that one Senator would be available and tell us if she is not going to object to it.  Mr. President, for quite a number of years we have had a debate, when we do our defense authorization bills, on an issue that is in place in order to keep an internal ability to handle depot maintenance in areas where it might be considered to be core maintenance; in other words, areas where it is necessary to have that ability in order to fight a war. The concern has been this: With the decreasing number of defense contractors and the decreasing number of people who are able to perform certain maintenance functions, if we are in a war, we would not want to be held hostage by a single contractor who would be able to keep us from being able to do it internally.  For that reason, some time ago we passed a law that said under that 60/40 bill, which is now 50/50 in our statute, simply this, that 50 percent of the maintenance has to be performed in-house by a depot capable of doing it without outside help. For that reason--and I agree with those who disagree with the 50/50 concept, that this is merely an arbitrary figure, but there has to be some type of a figure and we have not been able to come up with anything since then that is any better than this. So the law now says that 50 percent of the maintenance has to be done internally by a public depot.  There is a way they have been able to get around 50/50, and that is if any of the service secretaries say that within their service they could declare there is a national security reason that for 1 year or one period of time we are not going to be able to do 50 percent of the maintenance work in a public depot, if they do that, they do not have to give any reason for it, but they merely say this is for national security.  This has happened a few times so we have gone back to the service secretaries and we have said to them: Tell us why it is as much as 50 percent of the maintenance in a public depot. We have never gotten any good answers, and then we have also asked them afterwards: What are you going to do to ensure that we are going to be able to meet this 50 percent in the next fiscal year? And we have not been able to do that.  I am not saying this critically of any particular service secretary. We need to know why, if we are going to find a loophole around one of our existing laws, this being the 50/50, it is necessary, and what we are going to do in the future to prevent that from being invoked.  So my amendment does simply two things: One, it takes that jurisdiction away from the service secretary and puts it with the President of the United States. He then can delegate it back to the Secretary of Defense. If he is going to say that there is a national security reason that we cannot do 50 percent of the work at a public depot, he has to say why that is and what they are planning to do to correct that in the next fiscal year. That is all it does.  So if people are opposed to the 50/50 concept, fine. Let us pass a bill or try to pass a bill to do away with 50/50. That is not the issue. The issue is if we are going to use a national security waiver to waive 50/50 for a given year, we need to make sure we know why we are doing it and what can be done for the next year to keep from having to do that. So that is simply it.  I was hoping we might have a note from the Senator. We do, and there will be apparently one vote against this.  So that is an explanation, and I am going to ask that this be voted on tomorrow.  I ask for the yeas and nays.  