President, I would like to ask the chairman and ranking member if they agree with my interpretation of the Inhofe amendment adopted as part of the managers' package.  This amendment ensures that certain sites that have been contaminated by petroleum or petroleum products, ``petroleum contaminated'', will be eligible for funding under title I of this bill, by expressly adding these sites to the definition of ``brownfield sites,'' and specifically authorizing funding for the characterization, assessment and remediation of these sites. These petroleum-contaminated sites must meet several conditions to be eligible for funding under this new provision.  First, the site must be relatively low risk, as compared with other petroleum-only sites in the State. This provision does not presuppose that each State has conducted a ranking of its petroleum sites, or require that it do so. Rather, we are aware that most States already have experience in making determinations as to which petroleum contaminated sites pose the greatest risk, under section 9003(h)(3) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (SWDA), States are directed to prioritize sites for corrective action based on ``which pose the greatest threat to human health and the environment.'' The Committee contemplates that States will be able to use similar approaches to those used under section 9003(h)(3) to identify sites that are appropriately covered by this provision, those that are relatively low risk.  Section 9003(h)(3) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act directs states, who are authorized under section 9003(h)(7), to prioritize underground storage tank, ``UST'', sites. Under 9003(h)(3), a priority for remediation is given to UST sites which pose the greatest threat to human health and the environment, as determined by those States. The new section 128(a)(D)(ii)(II) of S. 350 addresses sites that meet all of the following conditions: there are no viable responsible parties, otherwise known as abandoned sites; the petroleum site is not subject to an order under section 9003(h) of SWDA; and the petroleum contamination is relatively low risk. Relatively low risk should be determined by comparing the relative risk of a given site to UST and other petroleum contaminated sites in that State. The determination as to whether a particular site meets the ``relatively low risk'' criterion will be made by the entity that is awarding the grant or loan to the person doing the work.  Funds authorized under the new section 128(l)(2) shall be used for site remediation, characterization, or assessment. If a site uses funds authorized by section 128(l)(2) to assess a site, and it is later determined (after the assessment) that the site is eligible for other applicable Federal and State funding, funds from those other applicable Federal or State programs shall be used first. This will preserve funds authorized under this bill for sites that do not have access to another source of funding.  Neither this nor any other provision of S. 350, in any way, alters the exclusion of petroleum or petroleum products from the definition of ``hazardous substance'' under section 101 of CERCLA.  