President, I have been listening intently to our chairman, our ranking member, as well as the Senator from Colorado. I find myself in agreement with virtually everything that has been said. I think it is important for us to realize something that really has not been said, which is that on Friday, September 7, we met--the Senate Armed Services Committee. We passed out of the Armed Services Committee our Defense authorization bill. Four days later, we find ourselves at war. So there are some things that have changed; the dynamics have changed--those things which we know are urgent to our Nation's defense and to our national security. They weren't there back on September 7 when we passed our authorization bill.  I have around 14 amendments at the desk. It is not my intention to offer any of them now or call for a resolution to those. But I will be doing it when we get into the bill on Monday.  One is to give the President the authority to waive sanctions against allies in our war on global terrorism. This was something we didn't really anticipate on September 7. It was just a matter of weeks ago that we passed sanctions against both India and Pakistan, which receive both military and economic aid. There are some conditions under which the President can waive these sanctions, but they are not too well defined. They put him in a position, when negotiating with countries, where he doesn't have that authority firmly planted within his powers to do it. So I am going to propose in an amendment, No. 1593, that we provide for notification in a 30-day period of time to Congress. But the President can say, if you do this, we are going to lift sanctions.  You might argue that there are vehicles in place to lift sanctions right now. But if it happens that we are in recess at that time, if it happens that there is some ambiguity as to whether or not Congress would go along with it, this way he can say, yes, we are going to lift these sanctions or waive these sanctions. I don't think there will be a lot of opposition to this. It is something that would give power to the President, who last night, I believe, gave the defining speech of his career.  Second, it deals with something more technical, but I think we need to look at it differently now, and that is depot maintenance. Depot maintenance refers to the type of maintenance of our military fighting equipment that has to be done in a publicly owned depot. The idea behind it, which has always been our policy, was we should have the capability of doing core maintenance--maintenance that would help us in times of war--so that we don't take the risk of being held hostage by a single supplier or contractor. So what I am going to be suggesting is to change our waiver policy. What we have done over the past several years is say, well, we do want the depots to have the capability of maintaining our vehicles.  Take, for example, aircraft, the air logistics centers; there are three. There used to be five; now there are three. They are operating with equipment put in place back during World War II. It is outdated. We still have on the books a law that says 50 percent of the core maintenance has to be done in a public depot. So we have been operating on waivers now for several years. The waivers are put in there by the Secretary of the Air Force, in this case, or the Secretaries.  This power should be changed so that there is a new accountability. We have gone waiver after waiver after waiver, with no hope that in the following year we would be able to do it without a national security waiver. I will suggest it be written into the bill that we give the President of the United States the authority to waive the performance of depot level maintenance instead of the Secretary of the Air Force. If the President signs the waiver, he must deliver a report that lists why the waiver is necessary and what will be done to prevent the waiver from being required in the future.  The President, under the amendment I will be offering, may delegate this to another party. The President has that responsibility. This is what is missing because right now it goes from administration to administration without any interest in really resolving the problem or saying what we are doing to increase the capability of our public depots in order to make the maintenance that is prescribed by law.  There are several others. I want to say that even though I am hoping that the amendment I have filed--I have two, 1597 and 1596, that would attach to the Defense authorization bill an energy policy for America. Let me be critical not of Democrats, not of Republicans, but of both, going all the way back to the early eighties because then, when President Reagan was President of the United States, we tried to get him to have an energy policy. In fact, Don Hodel was Secretary of the Interior at that time, or in that timeframe.  Mr. President, we had this dog and pony show where we went all around the United States--to the consumption States, not the production States--demonstrating clearly that the outcome of every war, back to and including the First World War, has been determined by who has control of the energy. That is still true today.  Nobody believed it then. Since then we have gone through the Persian Gulf war. We realize we have enemies in the Middle East, and yet to a great extent we are reliant on the Middle East for our ability to fight a war. It is insane we should continue that policy.  I know there are a lot of Members who are asking why it is an issue right now. It is an issue now because this is a readiness issue. I spent 5 years aschairman of the Readiness Subcommittee. It is now chaired by my distinguished colleague from Hawaii, Senator Akaka, and I am his ranking member.  I can tell you right now that we are not ready in many areas to fight the war we are looking at right now. One of those areas is our dependency on foreign oil.  Let me put up a chart. My amendment is not a partisan attack. I hope my colleagues do not take it as such. I have been urging Democrats and Republicans to deal with this for years, and they have refused to do it. Even George Sr., coming from an oil patch, said: Yes, we have to have an energy policy, the cornerstone of which would be the maximum percentage of the energy we need to fight a war.  In the year 2000, 19.6 million barrels a day was used for the consumers of America. I guess what I am trying to say is, our need for petroleum consumption has been going up for a long time. From the year 2000 to 2001, it is up to 19.7 million barrels of oil a day. That is on the rise.  The second chart shows our domestic oil production has sharply decreased over the last 10 years. We have produced less domestic oil since World War II. In January of 1991, we produced 17.6 million barrels a day, and that has dropped down to 6 million barrels a day during this timeframe.  On chart No. 3, we can see that our domestic oil production continues to decrease while our consumption continues to increase. This was not true in the days when we started calling this to the public's attention, but it is true today.  That means we are getting oil from foreign sources, and that is what this chart shows. It shows our imports in that same year, January of 1991, were 4.6 million barrels a day, and they went up to 8 million barrels a day. It has almost doubled since that period of time.  Our dependence on foreign oil has dramatically increased since 1973 and is projected to increase in the future. Currently, 56.6 percent of U.S. oil needs are met by foreign sources. This presents a real energy and national security problem. The military is equally dependent on foreign oil, as is the general public. We must seek to drastically increase a domestically produced, diverse energy supply, including nuclear, coal, oil, gas, and renewables.  All these sources of energy are addressed in the House bill, and I have one amendment that would merely adopt the language in the House bill and also the language in the bill from the Senate Energy Committee.  Looking at our dependence on foreign oil imports and how it has escalated, we are today at 56 percent. We were at 36 percent when I talked about going around the country alerting people to the seriousness of the problem. In the same progression, we are going to be up to 66-percent dependent upon foreign sources in our ability to fight a war.  What is most startling is that we depend on nations in the Middle East, such as Iraq, to supply our oil needs. The Middle East supplies about 25 percent of our oil needs. What shocks an awful lot of people is that of that amount, we are importing 862,000 barrels a day from Iraq, a country we just defeated in a war 10 years ago, a country whose President made the statement that: If we had waited 10 years to march into Kuwait, the Americans would not have come to their aid because we would have the capability of lobbing a missile at them. That is the dilemma in which we find ourselves today. That is why I say this is a national defense issue.  Iraq is the fastest growing source of United States oil imports. That is the same nation that we took military action against seven times last month, the same nation we know has links to bin Laden, who is the prime suspect in the horrible attacks in New York and Washington, as well as the U.S.S. Cole and both Embassy bombings in East Africa.  This is a major national security problem. Energy will be critical if and when America engages in military action.  Operating a modern war machine requires a lot more oil than it used to. A contemporary 17,500-soldier U.S. Army division uses twice as much oil daily than did an entire 200,000-soldier field army during World War II.  The 450,000 barrels of petroleum products consumed daily by the 582,000 soldiers in the Persian Gulf was four times the daily amount used by the 2 million allied soldiers who liberated Europe from the Nazis. Today it takes eight times as much oil to meet the needs of each soldier as it did during World War II, and the Department of Defense accounts for nearly 80 percent of all U.S. Government energy use.  What I am saying is this is a very serious issue, and this is an issue that directly relates to our readiness, relates to our ability to defend America, and relates to our ability to carry on the war which we are in right now. It is very important that we pass an energy package. I don't care if it is the House wording, I don't care if it is the wording that came out of the Senate Energy Committee, but it directly relates to our ability to fight a war.  It will be perfectly acceptable to me if we make an arrangement whereby we agree to passing a comprehensive energy policy by the end of this year and not having it as a part of the Defense authorization bill because it would complicate things. It is very important we pass our Defense authorization bill and get it into conference and signed into law in a very short period of time.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  