President, Today I rise to introduce the Medicare Regulatory and Contracting Reform Act of 2001.  I do so at this time because, within the past month, I have received two letters from Medicare Contractors who are withdrawing their services from some Oklahoma counties and other markets across the country. One letter reads, ``. . .over-regulation will force health plans to make the difficult decision to withdraw from some markets. . .''. Nearly half a million seniors will lose their Medicare+Choice health coverage this year. This is unacceptable. Over-regulation and reimbursement issues plague many Medicare contractors and providers. If we do not act to alleviate the ills of this system, more and more Americans will suffer the consequence.  This legislation will substantially alter the current system to reduce the regulatory burden on Medicare providers, carriers, fiscal intermediaries and beneficiaries, and it will improve the efficiency and quality of the contracting system by which Medicare operates on a daily basis.  In order to help providers, carriers, and beneficiaries understand and implement Medicare regulations, this legislation consolidates the rule-makingprocess for the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, HHS. It also provides for the education and training of all parties involved. Should this bill become law, the Secretary of HHS will be required to utilize the mechanisms of competition and incentives in the Medicare contracting process. Both competition and incentives increase performance and quality of service. Streamlining the claims-appeals process to expedite reviews and amending the process of payment recovery will further benefit providers. This legislation enhances the technical support for small rural providers that currently do not have the resources to comply with electronic billing requirements. Finally, to directly assist Medicare recipients, this bill establishes a resource person to answer questions and work through obstacles that arise in the health care process.  Passage of this legislation is necessary to stabilize and strengthen a Medicare system that is disintegrating. I am confident that we can bring about beneficial change for millions of Americans who depend on Medicare. I hope that my colleagues will join me in this effort.  