 The question could be asked, Is this an issue that should be put into the Defense authorization bill? I served as chairman of the Senate Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee for 5 years. I can assure Members there is no time in our history that should be more clear that we will have to do something about our dependency on the Middle East for our ability to fight a war. Right now, we are 56.6-percent dependent upon foreign sources for our ability to fight a war. That is not acceptable.  I remember back in the early 1980s during the Reagan administration I criticized the Republicans and Democrats alike. We have been trying to get an energy policy since the Reagan administration. We tried at that time. We introduced one. We were unable to get it done.  We tried during the Bush administration, certainly thinking that a President coming out of the oil patch would understand why we cannot be dependent upon foreign sources for our ability to fight a war. We were unsuccessful. We were unsuccessful during the Clinton administration. We started during the Carter administration.  I have an amendment that will put a policy into effect. I have two amendments. One adopts the House language and the other is to adopt the language of the energy bill that is proposed in the Senate. I will not bring it up and debate it tonight because I want to do it when everybody is here. This is very significant.  Right now, on a daily basis, we are becoming more and more dependent upon foreign sources for our energy supply. By the end of this decade it is projected to be in excess of 60 percent. We will become 60-percent dependent upon foreign sources for our ability to fight a war.  I remember a few years ago Don Hodel, Secretary of the Interior, and I used to go to consumption states and make speeches as to how the outcome of every war--back to and including the First World War--has been who controlled the energy supplies. We have gone through the 1990 war, the Persian Gulf war. In 1991, we remember the words of Saddam Hussein who said, ``if we had waited for 10 years to go into Kuwait, the Americans would not have intervened because we would have a missile we could shoot over at them.'' And now we are dependent upon the Iraqis for our imported oil.  It is very much an issue. There has been a lot of things floating around, including letters saying they are saying this has to do with ANWR. It doesn't. I only say this is an issue that should be addressed on this bill, and sometime tomorrow or the next day I will debate this and call for a vote on this.  I yield the floor.  