President, while I was one who opposed S. 350 when it was in committee because of some problems that were there that we have tried to address, we have gotten a lot of cooperation from the committee in the meantime to address the problems. I think S. 350 contains provisions that would be a positive first step toward revitalizing brownfields in this country.  S. 350 provides developers with moderate assurances for Superfund-forced cleanups. While some of my concerns over the finality of the language remain, I am comforted by the remarks of the chairman and ranking member of the committee concerning new information. That is, the information referred to in S. 350 pertains to information of the highest quality, objectivity, and weight which is acquired after cleanup has begun. With this language, I don't think the abuses I was concerned about are going to be there. If they are, we will be monitoring it.  The scope of the cleanup finality provision is still of concern. The EPA could simply sidestep the bill by using RCRA, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, or even the Toxic Substances and Control Act to force parties to clean up sites. This is one of the concerns we tried to address in the committee. I don't think it has been addressed to our satisfaction, but at least we are in a position to monitor it.  It has been the argument of supporters of the legislation that EPA has never overfiled on a brownfields site. If the EPA overfiles a State cleanup, S. 350 now requires the EPA to notify Congress. I wasn't satisfied with just the fact that they had not done this in the past because there is always that first time. We will be closely monitoring this to make sure that provision stays in the legislation.  I still have concerns that businesses will not feel adequately protected, and, therefore, brownfields may not get cleaned up. In the end, the developers and businesses will be the judges of S. 350's successes or failures.  A lot of people forget this and look at the bureaucracy and say: We are going to have all this language. I can assure you, Mr. President, if we do not have some protection for developers and businesses that are willing to bid on cleanup sites, they are not going to be able to do it. It does not do any good to pass legislation unless there is enough confidence in the business community that they will not be abused if they bid on these projects.  According to the EPA's figures, there are 200,000 sites contaminated primarily from petroleum. This is roughly half the approximately 450,000 brownfields in the United States. During the markup, I had concerns that by failing to address RCRA, Congress was neglecting the 200,000-plus sites that are petroleum-contaminated brown-field sites in this country. By not addressing these sites in S. 350, Congress is preventing almost half the brownfields in this country from being cleaned up and developed.  I insisted Congress must address this issue. I stated that it was not right to allow so many brownfields to remain contaminated under this program.  I am proud to say today help is on the way for these sites. The Inhofe amendment, which is incorporated into the managers' amendment, will take a first major step toward cleaning up petroleum-contaminated sites.  Specifically, the Inhofe amendment, A, allows relatively low-risk brown-field sites contaminated by petroleum or petroleum products to apply for brownfields revitalization funding and, B, authorizes $50 million to be used for petroleum sites.  My amendment will allow the large amount of abandoned gas stations and other mildly petroleum-contaminated sites all across the Nation to be cleaned up and put back into productive use.  Finally, I still want to work to place a cap on the administrative costs set aside by the Federal EPA. A cost cap will ensure States and parties seeking to clean up and redevelop brownfields are getting the vast majority of the funds for brownfields programs and not just for administrative costs.  EPA has informed us they are currently using approximately 16 percent of brownfields funds appropriated on administrative costs. This amount is unacceptable. I will be watching very closely to see what can be done perhaps in the appropriations process. Senator Bond and some others can perhaps propose an amendment to get this cap on and avoid excessive administrative costs.  Over the last several years, the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works has worked very hard on Superfund reform. With S. 350, the committee has decided for now to address only brownfields.  There are a lot of other problems. In the very beginning, I said let's not cherry-pick this thing; let's not just address brownfields. Let's get into it and look at retroactive liability, natural resource damages, joint and several liability, and some of the abuses that have taken place in this system.  I believe we now have the assurance of enough Members that we will go ahead with a more comprehensive program and address these other problems.  I thank the chairman and the ranking member and specifically Senators Crapo, Bond, and Voinovich who are helping me on some of the issues about which I have concerns and also the staff who have spent many hours coming up with a bill that I think is acceptable. I yield the floor.  