President, I thank the Senator from New Mexico for yielding.  Let me be the first to say, I am not on the Education Committee. I am not on the committees dealing with this resolution. But I have been listening to some of this debate. I feel compelled to at least share some thoughts that I have as someone who does not serve on all these committees.  First, I want to respond to the distinguished Senator from Illinois, who was talking about the tax cuts for the wealthy. I just wish that President Kennedy were still around so he could hear this debate because I can remember so well back in the 1960s when we had new programs. I say to Senator Wellstone, they had decided that they were going to expand into areas, expand into the Great Society.  I remember the exact quote, just from memory, of President Kennedy. He said: We have a desperate need for more revenue. We have to have more revenue to take care of some of the needs that we have. He said: The best way to increase revenue is to reduce marginal rates. And he did it. In fact, the tax reduction during the Kennedy administration was twice the reduction that is being advocated by President Bush right now. And it worked. At the end of that period of time, the increase almost doubled over the next 5 years as a result of cutting marginal rates.  Let's remember some of those rates. They were cutting down the highest rate from 91 percent down to 70 percent. It did stimulate the economy. And it did increase the revenues that came from that. But that is not supposed to be the discussion today. The discussion is supposed to be on education.  The budget resolution that we are talking about provides a total of $661 billion in discretionary spending. It provides an additional $6.2 billion above the President's request for nondefense programs. This $6.2 billion can be used for additional spending on our domestic priorities. Everyone agrees that education is one of these priorities. Certainly we have heard the President say this over and over again, both during the campaign and currently.  At the bare minimum, this resolution will fully fund the President's request for education, which is an 11.5-percent increase over last year, the largest of all Federal agencies.  Just so Senators understand the minimum in education spending they will be voting for if they vote for this resolution, the President's request will support the highest ever level of funding for the education of disabled children; a $460 million increase for title I, including a 78-percent increase in the assistance to low-performing schools; a $1 billion increase in Pell grants for low-income college students; $1 billion for new reading programs, a tripling of current funding; $320 million to ensure accountability with State assessments; $2.6 billion for quality teachers, a $400 million increase; a 14-percent increase in Impact Aid; doubling funds for charters schools; $472 million to encourage school choice and innovation; a down payment on increasing aid to black and Hispanic-serving colleges and universities by 30 percent by 2005; $6.3 billion to serve 916,000 children under Head Start; and under the National Science Foundation, $200 million for new K-12 math and science partnerships.  In addition to all of the above, we have up to $6.2 billion for further increases to high-priority education programs, such as IDEA, title I, class size, school construction, assessments, and reading--whatever priorities emerge from the current debate on ESEA reauthorization.  For example, the conference report has singled out IDEA as a particular priority, so we say that an additional $250 million should be added to the President's request of $1 billion for grants to States to educate disabled children.  I listened to the statements in this Chamber where Senators were saying: We have cut every penny of money to strengthen these programs. That is just not true. We are increasing funding. One of the increases, as I have listed, is a 14-percent increase for impact aid. That happens to be what my amendment did. In looking at impact aid, I think it is very important that we realize this is a part of this program.  Back in the 1950s, we established impact aid. This is a program with which I heartily agree. It said simply that if the Federal Government comes along with either a military base or Indian lands, something that the Federal Government has required to be taken off of the tax rolls, that impact aid should replenish that portion of the money that would go to education. There is not a Senator who would disagree with that. However, because we are all kindof sneaky, and have been over the years, different politicians have gone down, since the 1950s, and taken money out of impact aid. So it dropped down to about a 20-percent funding level. In my State of Oklahoma, I have five major military installations. We have a lot of Indian land there. It is something where we should live up to the obligation that we said we would live up to back in the 1950s and fully fund impact aid.  I started lasted year, with the help of some Democrats, and virtually all the Republicans, saying: Let's go ahead and fully fund impact aid over a period of time. I want to do it over 4 years, but it looks as if it is going to be closer to 7 years. I had the amendment last year. I have the amendment this year. It has been very popular.  I have some letters that I pulled out of a long stack of letters coming from the various States. I know the Senator from North Dakota has been in this Chamber talking about it. I have a letter from the superintendent of Garrison Public School district in Garrison, ND, saying:       Again, thank you for taking on the challenge of putting      Impact Aid on a time line that hopefully will get it to a      point where the federal obligation of full funding is      realized.  That is from Garrison Public School district in North Dakota.  Here is one from the Minot public school system in North Dakota:       The amendment you offered on the Senate floor to the Fiscal      Year 2002 Budget Resolution is appreciated by federally      connected school districts all across the country.  We have another one from Cass School District 63. They are in Illinois. I know that the Senator from Illinois has been talking about this. The superintendent writes: Thank you for doing this.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that those three letters be printed at the conclusion of my remarks.  