President, I have amendment No. 1595 before the Senate. I am very distressed right now over some things that are happening. I have an amendment before the Senate that will change our relationship with and the understanding many people have concerning the island of Vieques. The island of Vieques has been a live range for us for over 50 years. It has had a very successful record. There has only been one civilian killed during that time period. Contrast that with a range in the State of Oklahoma. In the State of Oklahoma we have had a live range much longer than that, and we have lost eight civilians during that period of time--because of purely political reasons and in a lust for the votes and a mistaken notion that if you vote to close a range as a result of people who are protesting, breaking the law, people who are former terrorists, such as Mrs. Lebron, who led a bunch of terrorists into the House of Representatives many years ago and opened fire, wounding five of our Members of the House of Representatives, and others now protesting, trespassing on property that we own, property owned by the U.S. Navy, where we train our troops for their deployments from the east coast to the Persian Gulf.  When we deploy battle groups to the Persian Gulf, those troops are going to see combat. The chances are better than 50-50 they will see combat. They have relied on this live-fire training for a long time. It has always been there. It is the only place we can do that type of training. We have had all kinds of committees to find another place that is just as good, but they cannot do it.  The reason they cannot find a new range is because there has to be unified training: a battle group of aircraft carriers and the F-14s, F-18s, using live munitions, bombing, and at the same time our Navy using live munitions, and at the same time our Marine expeditionary units going in under that live fire.  For those of us in this room--and I do not know how many besides the two I am looking at have actually been in the service --there is a huge difference between inert and live ammunition. I can remember when I was in basic training. It is easy to crawl under that barbed wire when it is not real bullets, but when it is real ammunition, that is different. That is exactly what we have to have to train these people who are going off to the Persian Gulf.  We have been unable to do it because of these protests. This is the first time in the history of America we have allowed a bunch of illegal protesters to change our policy. They will not be successful, but if they were successful, think about our other ranges. I have talked to the chiefs of every service. The Air Force is in desperate need of ranges right now.  I have talked to people in Lawton, OK. There are 100,000 people who live right next to a live range, and a few of them said: All you have to do is protest and they close the range?  There is a clear right and wrong. I have 2\1/2\ years of my life in this issue. I have been around the world. I have looked at every possible area where we could have an alternative training source. Some people say let us send the F-18s over there and let them go to England or some place and drop their loads. Let us train over here with live fire and let us let the marines train over in this area, and I was suggesting at least that notion to some of the Navy pilots that were on one of the--this is probably over a year ago--on one of the aircraft carriers on which they were supposed to be training, and he said, well, wait a minute, that is like having the very best football players you can have anyplace in the world; you have the best quarterback, the best halfback, the best defense but they never scrimmage together. So what happens on the day of the opening game? They lose it. They have to train together.  Now, people say you get the same training with inert. You do not get the same training with inert, but when we allowed that bunch of illegal trespassers to take us out of live fire and put us in inert, we lost five American lives. Did we lose these lives because of that? Yes, we did. They had to go over and they were trying to carry out an exercise in Kuwait. It did not work,and six people died, five of whom were Americans.  I have the investigation. It shows clearly those individuals who were unable to have live fire training--they had inert training on Vieques but not live fire training. There is a huge difference. Talk to anyone in the Navy who has to handle those live missiles. When they are deploying them, when they are handling live ordnance, it is a big difference from inert. Anyway, we have already lost that many, and I am hoping we will be able to resolve this problem.  Senator Corzine is going to offer an amendment if I bring up my amendment. It is a second-degree amendment, and that amendment would have the effect of killing what I am trying to do. That would make it so we would not have a range to practice at or to train on on these deployments from the east coast. I have had to think long and hard about this as to whether or not it is better not to have an amendment at all and resolve this problem in conference, or whether we go ahead and succumb to the second-degree amendment.  I say to Senator Corzine, I think the votes are there to pass his amendment. If we did that, we would be closing the range and at the same time we would be giving that responsibility to the President on a year-by-year basis. If one stops and thinks about the 200-and-some ranges we have, if the President had to go through and debate this every year as to whether or not to allow that range to stay open as a live range, he would not have time to do anything else. That would not work.  Secondly, that puts politics right back in it. My amendment is a good amendment. It said call off the referendum. We should never have had a referendum. Then it says we will use the range we own--and at this very time we are in the middle of war--to train our troops until such time as both the CNO of the Navy and the commandant of the Marine Corps certify we do not need it. Those are military people. They are not political people.  I have this gnawing feeling that the way this is worded I would lose that amendment, and rather than have the Corzine language in there, we are far better off not to have any language at all.  I regrettably say I think we will end up in the same situation as we would be if we passed this amendment, or if we did not pass it or if we just left it like it is in conference.  As we speak, in Puerto Rico they are considering a resolution. That resolution says we, Puerto Ricans, as proud American citizens with the same responsibilities as our brethren in the continental United States, have the obligation of contributing to this fight, allowing and supporting military training and exercises in the island municipality of Vieques.  This may not pass. It is being debated right now. But certainly there is a very large number of people saying--and that number is much larger today after September 11 than it was before--we are American citizens first. We have to train our people and we have to train them with quality training so they do not lose their lives when they get over to the Persian Gulf.  That is my situation. That is the dilemma that we have right now.  