 Mr. Speaker, several weeks ago, there was a Special Order that was given on Speaker Jim Wright, and I was unable, because of duties in Ohio, to join my remarks to those of his friends and colleagues here in the Congress. I rise tonight to honor him for the leader and master of the legislative process that Speaker Jim Wright of Fort Worth, Texas, was.  He approached life with an eager and courageous mission and a true democratic heart. He loved this House. He just loved it. He just basked in its glory and its power, and he had the keenness of intellect, the balance of knowledge, the intuition, the direction, and the wisdom that comes from the long years of experience that he had at the level of Fort Worth and then the State of Texas and then, obviously, federally.  He was a veteran of World War II and had been a pilot and received the Distinguished Flying Cross. He was truly--truly--a courageous hero for our country and chose to serve then in elected life.  What I will forever remember of him was his dignity and his strength. His personal ability to also forgive those who sought to harm him and move on was an amazing trait, and I think it revealed some of what he was able to bring as a negotiator and a statesman to the work here.  He was a passionate fighter for the people of our country, especially those of ordinary means who might not have their voices heard, and when he got into a topic that he loved, he was absolutely unstoppable.  He was a gifted orator. He spoke with all of his heart, and he elevated this House and the people who served in it. He loved Congress. He referred to it as a heady place to be, where Members of both political parties should cooperate to make America a world leader and to build and support a strong middle class.  His early life growing up during the Great Depression had a permanent imprint on him, and he never forgot the common person. His service in the Army during World War II instilled in him a life of service and a dedication to help those less fortunate, but also a passion for liberty.  His legislative achievements were legion. He helped create the Clean Water Act and the Interstate Highway System, and he helped guarantee benefits for returning veterans. I remember what a master he was. I believe he chaired the House Public Works Committee and rose from there.  I can still see him making the case, right at this podium here in the House, for a modern transportation bill, clinking dimes in a large glass bowl to say that we have to pay our way forward here. He understood what it took to build and maintain a great nation's prosperity. He was a terrific, terrific orator.  In foreign affairs, Speaker Wright had a contribution that one could describe as profound. He was a peacemaker. He visited the Middle East and facilitated the meeting that led to the accord between Israel and Egypt in 1977.  More than a decade later, he led a successful push for a compromise that would end the war between the Sandinista government and the Contras in Nicaragua. Over time, his approach would lead to the end of U.S. military financing and the start of democratically held elections there. How many Americans can say they have ever been involved in something of that magnitude?  In his farewell speech before Congress, Speaker Wright said: ``When vengeance becomes more desirable than vindication, harsh personal attacks on one another's motives, one another's character, drown out the quiet logic of serious debate on important issues, things that we ought to be involved ourselves in, surely that is unworthy of our institution, unworthy of our American political process. All of us in both parties must resolve to bring this period of mindless cannibalism to an end. There has been enough of it.''  Speaker Wright returned to Fort Worth where he donated his official papers to Texas Christian University's library and taught a TCU course called Congress and the Presidents for more than 20 years. His intention to keep the class small was simply impossible, as his enrollment grew at an increasing rate every year.  Speaker Wright always treated me graciously. Here I was from Ohio, a completely different part of the country, but I appreciate the fact that he assisted my efforts to seek a seat on the Committee on Appropriations--it took me over a decade to arrive there--since no one from our part of Ohio had ever served on it.  He saw the exclusion, and he helped me. I am so grateful to him forever for that and what I have been able to do to help the country in that position.  He and I shared many experiences and pursuits during our shared years in Congress, but one of my favorite memories is something we had in common, and that was a love of gardening and roses. He was especially fond of a gray-purplish variety of rose that he had raised to perfection. He just loved life.  Speaker Wright would often quote Horace Greeley in saying: ``Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; riches take wings; those who cheer today may curse tomorrow; only one thing endures--character.''  Speaker Wright was certainly a man of great character and great talent and ability and great accomplishment.  We shall miss him greatly. May the hearts of his loved ones, his beloved wife, Betty; his four children; 15 grandchildren; 24 great-grandchildren; and his sister Betty Lee Wright be warmed by the light of his memory and the legacy of liberty he bestowed upon us all and the great affection we shall always have for him in our hearts.  May God bless the Wright family.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  