 Mr. Speaker, John has served the people of Ohio ably for well more than two decades, having begun his career in the Ohio legislature, but he has served here in the Congress now for more than two decades.  If we think about that period of time, we think about the various situations that he has faced as a Member and then later as Speaker, certainly, in the late 1990s, being part of a broad coalition to balance the budget when President Clinton was President. Literally, we were able to balance the budget by the end of the 1990s and begin paying back America's long-term debt.  That all changed with the dawn of war in the 21st century, with the 9/11 attack on our country, subsequent military conflicts, and then the 2008-2009 economic crash, which we are still digging our way out of. We look at the more recent, sad invasion by Russia ofUkraine and at the ensuing conflict in the Middle East that has now spilled over into Syria.  I would say that this period of Speaker Boehner's service, both as Speaker and then prior, as a Member, has been a very difficult time for America.  If I think about some of my favorite memories of the Speaker, certainly it would be one of our most recent experiences as a Congress, with Pope Francis coming here and the Speaker's handkerchief being very wet during that period, but I know of his utter joy at having worked so hard to invite the Pope here to address us. For the first time in American history, a Pope addressed the Congress as the head of state.  Another memory I have of the Speaker--and, I think, Congressman Chabot shared--was with Ohio State and the victors over here in the Speaker's Lobby. Over in the Rayburn Room, all of us were posing, Republican and Democrat alike. We were very proud of our Ohio Buckeyes. Some of our colleagues, like Congressman Joyce, was handing out Buckeyes to every Member, which his wife made. There were moments of joy as well.  There were the Speaker's many accomplishments, such as the Speaker requiring bills to be posted 3 days online before we voted on them. He had many accomplishments and built a legacy in his own right, as a reasonable voice for his party, despite presiding over a fractious membership that has become more fractious with the ensuing years. He consistently worked to find a way forward during a period as contentious as any, that I recall, in the history of this Congress, even when compromise seemed out of reach.  I would have to say, without question, Speaker Boehner's departure is a huge loss to our Buckeye State. The House is a place where seniority and the ability to balance competing and sometimes intractable demands matter, and we as Ohioans are very, very grateful for his service.  As the most senior member of Ohio's Buckeye delegation, I thank the Speaker for his dutiful and patriotic service to the people of the United States and to this House for 25 years. His respectful and moderating presence--often with a smile--in this House will be missed.  May he and his family enjoy the years ahead as he returns home to Ohio and, I think, to some other locations to get some deserved R&R after the very difficult period during which he has served.  We have several speakers on this side, Congressman Chabot, and we await your yielding us time in order to recognize them in due order. I thank you so much.  