History will report on everything that happened that has led to this point, but how sad is it that someone with that experience from our part of the country--the Great Lakes region doesn't have all that much here in terms of leadership positions--would do this for what he views as the good of the country because certain individuals seem not to be able to work as a team. If we can't work as a team, team America, then I think that really harms our entire Republic.  Speaking as the dean of our delegation, Ohio will lose a great deal by the Speaker's departure. Many times I have said in my career: How is it that the State that produced John Glenn and Neil Armstrong to both orbit the globe and land on the Moon, why do we have the smallest NASA center in the country?  There are real regional pulls inside this institution, and John Boehner put his sword in the ground for our Great Lakes region. I worry a lot about what this means for us as other parts of the country weigh in more heavily.  As an Ohioan, understanding that there are so many things we don't have from this Federal Government, we don't have a major research center from the national energy labs; other than Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, we really don't have bases, as other parts of the country do, to the same extent, when you look at the Federal establishment in Ohio; if you look at the National Park Service and what it does west of the Mississippi versus what it does east of the Mississippi. We actually had a voice for our part of the country, so I take his leaving very personally in terms of what it means to us as a State.  I want to thank him for allowing the Ukraine Freedom Support Act to move to the floor late last year. It was one of the last agenda items of that session of Congress. I know, without his intervention, we wouldn't be where we are today in terms of trying to be relevant at liberty's edge.  I thank him for his service. As third in line to the Presidency of this country, most Americans will never know some of the burden that he bore, with knowledge that most of the rest of this Chamber does not have, but for certain he did, and he held that close to himself.  I thank him for all those quiet moments when perhaps the burden seemed almost overwhelming. I thank him for his service. I assume he will continue to be involved in some ways in the days and years ahead. He loves politics too much to just walk away from it.  I thank him on behalf of the people of Ohio for representing our State, our region, in his dutiful service to the United States of America.  Thank you, Speaker John Boehner, from Ohio, from the heartland.  I thank Congressman Chabot, the dean on his side of the aisle, for yielding to me.  