Speaker, I rise today to recognize the noble life of Toledo Mayor D. Michael Collins, a true American and public servant whose life was tragically cut short. Mr. Collins was sworn into office one year ago as the 62nd Mayor of Toledo, Ohio, and every day he showed his dedication to the words ``duty'' and ``honor.'' An Irish-American from the South End of Toledo, he was a son and a father of Toledo. The love that our community felt for Mayor Collins was shown by the thousands who attended his wake and funeral this week.  He served honorably with an honest soul that ferried our great city through a very difficult year. Dedicated to the people of Toledo, he spent his entire adult life and work serving our community and country.  Following his high school graduation he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps, attaining the rank of Corporal, and every day exemplified the motto of the Corps, Semper Fidelis, ``Always Faithful.'' After returning home, his public service continued for nearly three decades with the Toledo Police Department. He was later elected President of the Toledo Police Patrolmen's Association. In 2007, he ran for City Council and quickly earned a reputation as a problem solver with deep knowledge of the City's finances and budget. He ran for Mayor in 2013 in a heavily contested race, won with broad public support and was sworn into his first term.  Mayor Collins lived the City's motto ``Laborare est Orare,'' to work and to pray. He assiduously applied himself to every task he undertook. Throughout his life, he was an indefatigable learner attaining many degrees that served him well in his leadership roles. He also taught at his alma mater, the University of Toledo.  During his time as Mayor, he shepherded the City through three major crises: the tragic loss of two firefighters in an arson-related fire, the shutoff of City water for three days because of contamination by algal blooms in Lake Erie due to cyanotoxins, and, most recently, a snow emergency of the highest level. Through it all, Mayor Collins' steady leadership, humble manner, and broad smile gave confidence to the public.  On behalf of our entire community, I extend my deepest condolences to his beloved wife Sandy, who was always at his side, and to his daughters and grandchildren. Our citizenry has been blessed to know him, to work with him and for his service to us. May God bless him and bring him peaceful rest.