Chairman, I rise to oppose the gentleman from Virginia's amendment. I wanted to point out--perhaps he doesn't have the full numbers--but the figure that we have, we had a request from the administration of $560 million, and we actually increased the administration's request by $45 million to a level of $605 million for fossil energy research, which is more than we spent in this fiscal year of 2015. We are spending $571 million this year, so I would say that the fossil energy accounts have been rather well provided for.  I also want to say to the gentleman that you are taking the funds from the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account, and that account is not above last year. It is $266 million below last year. What is in the account, what remains there, is focused on American manufacturing--which is important in Virginia--and vehicle technology, which are really not partisan interests.  My own view is that, if you were to take the amount of funds that you are proposing out of the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account, you would decimate these programs and further erode manufacturing which has taken such big hits.  Let me also mention that since 2003, our country has spent $2.3 trillion importing foreign petroleum. This shifts vast amounts of wealth abroad and squelches thousands upon thousands of jobs in our country in the energy sector.  I agree with the gentleman that a diverse energy portfolio is necessary to eliminate our reliance on imported energy, and we need an ``all of the above'' strategy. Our bill provides that in terms of not just fossil energy, but renewable energies. We should be leading investment in these technologies across the board and expanding jobs in our country.  Though I appreciate the gentleman's interest--and I know Virginia has coal deposits, so does Ohio--but I really feel that the bill that we have worked out on a bipartisan basis provides very, very well for fossil energy, certainly better than the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy accounts fared.  I would oppose the amendment, and I would ask our colleagues to join us in doing the same.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  