Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Sue Ann Wuest; a friend, an intellectual, and a valued member of our Toledo community.  Sue was born in Oregon, Ohio on July 31, 1956 to Joan and Howard Wuest. She was a graduate of Cardinal Stritch High School and earned her bachelor's degree from the University of Toledo.  Sue went on to serve as the assistant director of the Urban Affairs Center at the University of Toledo for many years, where she worked to address challenges and find solutions in urban and regional development.  Her interest in her community led her to serve as a Member of the Toledo Planning Commission, where she helped to guide land-use decisions to create a better community life and economic opportunity for Toledo residents. During her time on the Toledo Planning Commission, the Commission voted unanimously to allow the Toledo Museum of Art to begin construction of its $25 million Center for Glass museum building, of which she had said: ``We have to demonstrate courage to build buildings that make a statement for our time.''  Sue was an active resident of the historic Old West End neighborhood, where she often threw parties to celebrate the Old West End Festival. Her commitment to her community did not end there; she thrived on mentoring public officials and young professionals.  In her spare time, she was an artist, drawing, making beaded jewelry and hand painted silk scarves, among other things. Sue also enjoyed cooking for others.  It seems as if Sue's hallmark was to bring people together: among her family and friends, bring them together to celebrate a holiday or just to enjoy a dinner; at her work, where she sought out solutions with others to address the needs of the region; and in her community, where she dedicated her life to making the Toledo area a better place for all of us to live.  Sue will be remembered lovingly by her parents, Joan and Howard Wuest and her sisters, Ann Simpkins and Amy Roman; and her brothers-in-law, nieces and nephews, and her many friends. We offer them our prayers and hope that they find comfort in the wonderful memories of our dear friend, Sue, who will be remembered with affection and gratitude for her probing intellect, kind heart, and utter dedication to advancing Toledo as a community, its people and its institutions.