President, I am going to be brief because I just think it is so critical to respond to the comments my colleague has made.  The first argument was that, on this side of the aisle, people really aren't interested in election security. The fact is, what Senator Klobuchar and I and those on our side of the aisle have been interested in are the three priorities that independent cyber security experts agree are essential to protecting our elections: paper ballots, audits, and cyber security standards. So that ought to dispose of this issue that somehow on this side of the aisle, people really aren't interested in election security.  Second, I want it understood that over here, we have been interested in working in a bipartisan way. But our ranking member, Senator Klobuchar, on the Rules Committee said that at one point there was a markup scheduled on these issues, and, essentially, the leadership on the other side of the aisle intervened, and it was canceled.  The fact is that here we are, with just a few months until people start voting. They are going to vote in primaries early next year. They are going to go to the polls from sea to shining sea in the fall of 2020. I will just say to my colleagues that we have something like 25 States in America that are nakedly vulnerable. These are the States that are still using hackable, paperless voting machines and States that do not have routine, post-election audits.  As Senator Warner, Senator Klobuchar, and I have said, and the distinguished minority leader, Senator Schumer, all we are interested in is working to deal with this issue in an objective way, based on the facts outlined by the experts who aren't at all political.  I think it is very unfortunate that there has been an objection to the proposal from the distinguished Senator from Virginia, Mr. Warner, and the proposal from the ranking member on the Rules Committee, who has worked with me on the SAFE Act, and the SAFE Act itself because, as a result of this action, the Senate is missing yet another opportunity to provide an additional measure of security for the 2020 election.  I will close with one last response in light of a comment my colleague, our new Senator from Tennessee, has made. She and I have talked about these issues, and I have appreciated it. She said that no votes were changed--no votes were changed in the election. Nobody knows that. Unless you do a forensic analysis and break down the machines, you won't know that.  I sure hope that soon we will be back on this floor moving the proposal advanced by the Senator from Virginia and the proposal advanced by the Senator from Minnesota and me because these are measures proposed by independent experts who don't care about Ds and Rs; they care about what is right for America.  I yield the floor.  