President, our ranking member on the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation has always framed the issue of net neutrality and consumer rights appropriately.  I am going to speak for just a few minutes. Then, on behalf of our side--on behalf of the Democratic caucus--Senator Markey, our friend from Massachusetts, will propound a unanimous consent request. I note that the chairman of the committee is here, and we will have a bit of discussion.  Let me give a bit of history on this.  Senator Markey introduced the first net neutrality bill as a Member of the other Chamber, and I introduced the first net neutrality bill in the U.S. Senate. Right out of the gate, I think it is important for people to understand what this issue is all about. Real net neutrality empowers consumers. After they pay their internet access fees, they get to go where they want, when they want, and how they want. What Ajit Pai and Donald Trump want is something very different. They want an internet policy that lets Big Cable get what it wants, when Big Cable wants it, and how Big Cable wants it. That is the difference here.  Who is in the driver's seat?  Senator Markey, Senator Cantwell, and I say that this is what the beauty of the internet has always been about, which is really simple. The consumer is in the driver's seat. We don't have an information aristocracy with lanes and all kinds of favoritism for the powerful and the influential. It is where the student, the small business, and the person without power and clout gets the same fair shake as everybody else.  What we have said is we want to keep the consumer in the driver's seat, and Mr. Pai and Donald Trump want a different notion of internet freedom. What they really want to say is that internet freedom is Big Cable freedom. That is their idea about how we ought to approach the internet. At the end of the day, if the policy here is about letting Big Cable rig the internet in favor of those who can afford to pay more and shake down everybody else, people will have a choice to do that, but that is not the choice Senator Markey and I are going to make.  Cable companies are already tricking people into buying so-called unlimited service plans that limit their service. People have uncovered the way they have throttled service for particular users, including for first responders in times of emergency. Megamergers that involve telecom and entertainment companies also limit competition and threaten to balkanize the internet.  We are talking about fracturing the internet into small bundles that cost big money. That is the vision the cable companies have--not net neutrality--by which you head in a direction whereby consumers pay a lot more for entertainment and information and small businesses scratch their heads and ask: How in the world am I going to compete with the big guys online? Fortunately, the courts recently said the Trump administration can't overrule States on net neutrality.  I look forward to being in my home State of Oregon in a couple of days and having town meetings. What I like the most is when people speak up on issues like fairness and net neutrality, and I am going to hear about it this weekend. Other States have policies like Oregon's as well.  Here in Congress, on this side of the aisle--and you will see it when Senator Markey offers his proposal in a moment--we are going to keep up the fight to protect consumers from Ajit Pai and the Trump FCC. We still have that vision of the original internet that Senator Markey and I talked about when he offered the first proposal in the House and I offered the first proposal in the Senate. What could be more simple than putting the consumer in the driver's seat? You can say where you want to go, when you want, and how you want. Now we are talking today--years later--about the cable companies being able to say they are going to decide those very issues.  I am very pleased--and I think it is very appropriate--that after years of leadership on this issue in both the other body and in the U.S. Senate that Senator Markey is going to speak for our caucus on this issue and call for the Senate to pass his legislation so as to have a truly free and open internet for the entire country.  If you don't get the Markey proposal, what you are going to see are big cable companies that will, bit by bit, little by little, keep ratcheting up the cost of internet access. By the way, their strategy is to do that little by little because they are hoping nobody will ever complain and that nobody will notice. Senator Markey and I and our caucus have figured out that the cable companies are trying to disguise price hikes and data limits in the end by flashing discounts on bundles of content. What the cable people are talking about is a bad deal for consumers, and it is a bad deal because Ajit Pai and Donald Trump want to put Big Cable profits over the interests of the typical American.  With my full support, I appreciate Senator Markey's offering this legislation today. In going forward, we are going to be working with him to keep up this fight, and I look forward to the discussion.  I notice that my colleague from the end of the alphabet and my friend, the chairman of the committee, is here, and we will have a little back-and-forth.  I yield the floor.  