 Setting aside the fact that there have not yet been the hearings or the markups necessary to allow that to happen, it would be a major mistake for the Trump administration to seek a vote on a trade deal until it is a good deal. While the new North American Free Trade Agreement includes some improvements to the existing agreement, there is still work to be done to get the best deal for American workers and consumers.  Updating NAFTA, for example, means confronting the areas where older trade agreements continually have fallen short: fighting to protect labor rights in the interests of working families, preventing a race to the bottom when it comes to the environment, and making sure there are vigorous enforcements of our trade agreements so that other countries can't treat a trade deal as an empty document that gives them yet more time and more opportunities to rip off American jobs.  I do have real concerns about the current trade enforcement because the new NAFTA carries over too much of the weak enforcement system of the old NAFTA. It is too easy on trade cheats, and it is not good enough for American workers, particularly on the issue of protecting our working families and labor rights.  Now, I and our colleague Senator Brown have proposed several additional tools to address specific challenges in Mexico. It is my view, in having talked to trade officials and in having gathered information elsewhere, that by all accounts, there has been good progress on this front. Additionally, one of the bigger challenges that has to be confronted is that of identifying the hundreds of thousands of sham labor contracts in Mexico thathave exploited workers there and harmed workers here in our country. Mexico must remain on track to get those contracts renegotiated on behalf of the interests of our workers.  To my colleagues who say this deal must be passed in the name of certainty, I want to make a point that, I think, is very important. During this overhaul, the original North American Free Trade Agreement remains in place. Workers, farmers, ranchers, and businesses should not have to go to bed at night fearing that economic uncertainty is going to rob them of their livelihoods. The uncertainty arises only when the President acts out and makes impulsive threats regarding our trade relationships. When the President threatened new tariffs on Mexico this June over immigration policy, that created far more uncertainty than our taking the time that would be necessary to get this deal right. American workers and farmers have already been hurt by the President's impulses. More are going to get hurt if Trump threatens and produces chaos, causing the Congress to accept a bad deal on the North American Free Trade Agreement.  Passing a trade deal that would allow the President to unilaterally change trade rules and jerk around entire industries would be a substantial mistake and would be one that would produce still more uncertainty. That is not how you get trade done right. Based on that, I do have some real concerns about how the administration wants NAFTA 2.0 to be implemented.  I am just going to close by mentioning a fact or two about my State.  In my State, trade and global commerce are priority business. One in five jobs in Oregon depends on international trade, and the trade jobs often pay better than do the nontrade jobs because they reflect a level of added value. When I am asked at a town meeting what my views are on trade, I always say: Let's grow it in Oregon. Let's make it in Oregon. Let's add value to it in Oregon and then ship it around the world. I don't take a back seat to anybody in talking about the importance of trade, particularly in my State.  I sat and listened to a number of my colleagues who talked about their views and that we ought to just have an immediate vote, that we just should vote now. I don't know what they thought with respect to hearings and markups and the kinds of things that are required. They just said that we have to move now. As the ranking Democrat on the Committee on Finance, I just want to make it clear that you go when a trade deal is a good deal. There are issues still to be resolved on that matter, and I am interested in working with both sides in good faith in order to get a good deal.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  