Chairman, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding me time.  Mr. Chairman, as a member of this subcommittee for many years, I would like to point out that everyone of the projects that is included in this bill is carefully monitored and with the proposals being reviewed on campuses before they are submitted to the U.S. Department of Agriculture for funding. Then the U.S. Department of Agriculture reviews each project to be sure that the projects are ones of scientific merit, and research contracts are effectively negotiated between the USDA and the recipient.  And the subcommittee monitors each one of the projects with detailed questions at every hearing. This is the most recent hearing manual with each of the amendments that the gentleman is offering about. There is careful review. There are quarterly reports. There is documentation that is required for every single project.  So I do not quite agree with what the gentleman has said, because it is a contract negotiation and because there is careful review and a lot of projects do not get funded. The gentleman mentioned something about 400 projects. Well, we have 435 Members of this institution.  And we do have a responsibility to the country. There are projects in Arizona. There are projects in Ohio. And we cannot fund everything that we are asked, but we do the best job that we can, and we try and make and build a better country.  So the specifics, the gentleman had a question about I think the greenhouse nurseries projects in Ohio. And I can assure the gentleman that the unsubsidized family farmers of Ohio in this particular industry are competing in a global market. And the work that is being done by several land grant universities, including Ohio State University, Michigan State University, Indiana State University, are trying to help an endangered industry compete against subsidized Canadian production where power in that nation is made available at much cheaper rates.  The power costs of operating these kinds of greenhouses is enormous in the current marketplace. I only wish that our region of the country had what the gentleman has, and that is the Bureau of Land Reclamation, and your subsidized water projects in the west that have literally pulled much of our vegetable production from nonirrigated facilities to the irrigated west.  I wish we had the kind of subsidies the gentleman's region has benefited from. Perhaps because the gentleman lives in a suburb, he does not appreciate what it takes to produce food in our country with the kind of competition that we face.  Now I read in the gentleman's biography that he grew up on a ranch. I sure would like to know if your family benefited from any of those Bureau of Land Management subsidies or any of those Arizona water projects. Maybe the gentleman gets his water from the rain. I do not know. But, you know, other parts of America need to compete, too, and they are not subsidized.  So we hope that our industry will be able to survive. But I would defend any of the projects that have gone through this careful review through the U.S. Department of Agriculture along with many of our land grant institutions.  Mr. Chairman, I would ask the gentleman to take a look in the mirror and to his own State.  