Speaker, I first want to thank Tim Ryan of Ohio, my neighbor and friend, and also Mr. Delahunt of Massachusetts for getting the time this evening to talk about the real issues that the American people care about that don't get enough attention on this floor as we are designating more honorary days and bills that do not have a lot of substance attached to them, when the American people actually expect us to do something here to benefit their lives and their children's lives today and tomorrow.  On the Iraq issue, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, I tried to get amendments passed in our committee when Mr. Bremer was head of the Coalition Provisional Authority, when we saw billions and billions of dollars being extended to that authority with no accountability back to this Congress.  Originally, they came to us with a proposal of $20 billion with no strings attached, with no accounting back to this Congress. Eventually that was reduced down somewhat. But of the dollars that were expended, we were not able to get reports back from the administration because amendments were disallowed in our committee for the billions of dollars that have gone to who knows where over there. Now they are trying to get amendments to look at maybe $6 billion that was expended. But let me tell you, the horses were out of the stalls before there were proper accounting procedures put into place. The truth will come out. But the record is clear who sought to get amendments and those who blocked them. That is in the record in the committee. It is outrageous.  I can remember when Paul Wolfowitz, who is no longer with the government, the President's big advisor on invading Iraq, when he said we would have this all paid for by oil sales, and we surely do not see that as even part of the equation.  As I thank my colleagues for organizing this Special Order tonight, I wanted to give a very specific example of what is happening in this country, not in Ohio, not in Massachusetts, but in Iowa and Arkansas and Illinois. As we do this Special Order, I would like to pay special tribute to excellence in a top-of-the-line quality company that is closing its doors, a company called Maytag Corporation that is headquartered in Newton, IA.  Let me say for the record I own no stock in Maytag Corporation. But our family, our household, is one of those who has appreciated the excellence of their products that have served the American people and the world for over 100 years. Sadly, this legendary American company, first founded in 1893 by F.L. Maytag, 35 miles east of Des Moines, IA, is soon to close its doors. And in Iowa, as well as subsidiary plants in Illinois and Arkansas, over 3,000 Americans will lose their jobs. The generations of Americans who crafted and built and serviced this all-American product called Maytag deserve recognition in this Congress. They should be proud of the heritage of which they are a part and of their commitment to quality. For indeed, their quality and dependability helped build the America that was self-reliant here at home.  The gentleman from Ohio was talking about how the United States is becoming more and more indebted to foreign creditors. Maytag was the kind of company that built a strong America. It was an America that did not become overly reliant on imports and imported componentry to support its operations. It was an America that believed that its own identity and strength depended on domestic firms dedicated to excellence, and we led the world.  The company valued its product, its community, and its workers. And when the gentleman from Massachusetts was talking about pensions being taken away, it was the kind of company that really did build community where people could depend on their retirement income.  I feel compelled to discuss for a few minutes, to pay tribute to this historic company, truly an American icon company, and its workforce. As America says good-bye to Maytag, we also say good-bye to the type of firm that shaped our identity as a society.  That identify made the United States a world leader in the 20th century in manufacturing and agriculture. And that identity has been clouded by the very issues you are talking about here tonight by our growing over-dependence on imported products and imported capital from across the oceans, and Maytag represented that part of our history when America understood what it had to do to build the best.  The American people will soon witness the pink-slipping of Maytag's thousands of workers and sadly become part of our history. Of course, and this goes into a point that Mr. Ryan and Mr. Delahunt mentioned, the most recent chief executive officer of Maytag who brokered this closure and sale is reputed to have made over $18 million in a golden parachute on the deal.  So my remarks tonight are really directed to the workers and management staff who hoped this day would never come. Wouldn't it be nice for America's consumers like myself to be able to travel to Newton, Iowa, and Heron, Illinois, and Searcy, AR, and say ``thank you'' to these workers and their families and friends who helped build an American legend company for over a century. Let's say thank you to them tonight.  Maytag Corporation, when it shuts its doors, will be closing a chapter in our history for generations that stood for high quality and high performance when they were America's industry leader. They helped define the manufacturing heartland from which Mr. Ryan and myself come, and their company represented the words ``quality'' and ``dependability.''  I will talk later about what made their products superior, but it is really amazing to me that we live in a time when we allow this kind of gold star company to bite the dust and we cannot even talk about it here in the Congress except during this particular period of time.  Their production will disappear and it will, just like our furniture industry, just like the television industry, just like us becoming energy dependent, it will become another nail in the coffin in America becoming too reliant on others.  