Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilman], for yielding me this time, and Iwant to thank him for his help and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hamilton], in bringing House Concurrent Resolution 145 which calls upon the Russian Government to remove its armed forces from the sovereign nation of Moldova.  The Government of the Russian Federation is being called upon to adhere to its agreement of October 21, 1994, with the Moldovan Government and withdraw its military forces and equipment from Moldova within a 3-year timeframe. The resolution further urges the Secretary of State to use every appropriate opportunity and means to secure such removal, urges all of the Moldovan neighbors to recognize the sovereignty and the territorial integrity of Moldova and urges the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to continue its efforts in resolving the differences between that country and its neighbors to welcome the offer of the Government of Ukraine to assist in those efforts.  Mr. Speaker, very simply, Moldova, a nation which recently celebrated its fifth year of independence, is the last of the New Independent States in which Russian military forces are stationed without a specific agreement with the host government for their deployment. These forces, estimated at between 5,000 to 6,000 soldiers, are the remnants of the Soviet 14th Army stationed exclusively in the eastern region of Moldova.  While some Russian equipment has reportedly been moved out and some ammunition has been destroyed, there has been little progress in the removal of the military personnel, as called for in the 1994 agreement.  Mr. Speaker, the administration has indicated its support for this resolution and, hopefully, this pressure, this push, combined with statements by the Council of Europe and others will let the Russians know that we are very serious. This vestige of Russian troops who remain there needs to leave. They are not wanted, they are not welcome and they are certainly not needed. This resolution puts us on record in that regard.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Concurrent Resolution 145, which calls upon the Russian Government to remove its armed forces from the sovereign nation of Moldova. I thank Mr. Gilman, chairman of the House International Relations Committee, and Mr. Hamilton, the ranking minority member of the committee, for their support for this resolution.  The Government of the Russian Federation is being called upon to adhere to its agreement of October 21, 1994, with the Moldovan Government and withdraw its military forces and equipment from Moldova within a 3-year timeframe. The resolution further urges the Secretary of State to use every appropriate opportunity and means to secure such removal; urges all of Moldova's neighbors to recognize the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Moldova; urges the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe [OSCE] to continue its efforts in resolving differences between the Government of Moldova and the authorities of the Transdniestria region; and welcomes the offer by the Government of Ukraine to assist in these efforts.  Mr. Speaker, Moldova, a nation which recently celebrated its fifth year of independence, is the last of the New Independent States in which Russian military forces are stationed without a specific agreement with the host government for their deployment. These forces, estimated at between 5,000 and 6,000, are the remnants of the Soviet 14th Army, stationed exclusively in the eastern Transdniestria region of Moldova. While some Russian equipment has reportedly been moved out, and some ammunition has been destroyed, there has been little progress in the removal of military personnel, as called for in the 1994 agreement.  Mr. Speaker, the administration has indicated its support for this resolution. During his meeting with Moldovan President Snegur in February 1995, President Clinton stated that the United States expects the 1994 agreement to be implemented on time. The State Department has reported that it ``intends to continue to take advantage of every opportunity to encourage the removal of Russian military forces from Moldova in accordance with the terms of the troop withdrawal agreement.''  The Moldovan Government supports this resolution.  Our European friends are also concerned about this issue. Both the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly and the Council of Europe have passed resolutions calling for the removal of the Russian military forces from Moldova.  Although the Russian Duma has yet to approve the 1994 treaty, the Russian Government is on record as saying it expects to abide by the agreement. Moreover, when the Russian Federation was admitted into the Council of Europe earlier this year, one of the stipulations for admission was that Russia would, and I quote:       * * * ratify, in a period of sic months after the      accessions of Russia to the Council of Europe, the Agreement      of 21 October 1994 between the Russian and Moldovan      Governments to continue the withdrawal of the 14th Army and      its equipment from the territory of Moldova, within a time-     limit of three years from the date of signature of the      agreement.  Having agreed to this, and several other stipulations for membership, the Russian Federation became a member of the Council of Europe on February 28, 1996.  Mr. Speaker, the pending resolution does not attempt to dictate foreign policy to the Russian Federation, but merely asks the Russian Government to fulfill the agreement it made in 1994. In an era when NATO is exploring establishment of a special security relationship with Russia, I believe we should go on record expressing our concern that Moscow should act in good faith and remove its military forces from a sovereign state which poses no threat to Russian security.  Simply put, Russian armed forces are neither wanted nor needed in Moldova. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.  