Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Visclosky-Smith-Bilirakis-Kennedy amendment to the fiscal year 1997 foreign operations appropriations bill.  Last year's foreign operations appropriations bill included the Humanitarian Aid Corridor Act, which bans U.S. Government assistance to any country that prohibits or restricts the transport or delivery of U.S. humanitarian aid to other countries. The act, which I had the honor of introducing in the House, permits a Presidential waiver of the ban, if he determines that U.S. national security interest demands one. The justification for our amendment today is simple enough. This amendment would not allow the President to use the waiver under the Humanitarian Aid Corridor Act to provide economic support funds to countries that impede the delivery of U.S. humanitarian aid.  The Corridor Act mentioned no country by name, but everyone knew it was aimed at Turkey, which has been blockading Armenia for years. Ankara has stubbornly refused to allow transshipment across Turkish territory to Armenia of United States humanitarian aid, specifically, clothing, food, and medicine for hundreds of thousands of refugees.  In refusing to open a land corridor, Ankara points to the occupation by Armenian forces of Azerbaijani territory. But Turkey's close relationship with Azerbaijan or its approach to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict does not justify or excuse blocking the delivery of United States humanitarian aid to Armenia. Turkey's behavior in this respect is simply scandalous.  Unfortunately, the Clinton administration has shown its unwillingness to press Ankara to rethink its policy. A couple of weeks ago, the President determined it was in the national security interest of the United States to waive the application of the Humanitarian Aid Corridor Act to Turkey. In essence, President Clinton continues to reward Ankara even though they have blocked U.S. humanitarian aid from people in need. Also galling is the manner in which the White House exercised its option. The White House did not have the courage or the courtesy of informing Congress of the President's decision to exercise the waiver until the news was broken, post facto, by Turkish Foreign Minister Gonensay, who announced it at a May 21 press conference in Washington. The waiver, it turns out, had been exercised 5 days earlier, on May 16.  Why didn't the administration have the courage to inform Congress beforeMay 16, or at the very latest, on May 16. Why did we have to hear about this from Foreign Minister Gonensay. Was the White House hoping nobody would notice.  If so, that hope was in vain. Not only did we notice, we are now determined to act, so that the will of Congress, as inscribed in the Humanitarian Aid Corridor Act, which has strong bipartisan support, will be done. The Visclosky-Smith-Bilirakis-Kennedy amendment, while allowing the President to waive the laws application for genuine national security interests, would remove economic support funds from the waiver. If the President exercised the waiver, the United States could continue to provide military assistance to the country in question. But economic aid would be barred, so long as the country was in violation of the Humanitarian Aid Corridor Act.  This amendment is a measured and fair response to the President's waiver of last month. It puts the White House on notice that Congress is serious about its commitment to provide humanitarian assistance to those in need. The amendment also provides further incentive to Ankara to allow United States humanitarian assistance across its territory to refugees in Armenia. Turkey has suffered no consequences for its blockade of Armenia, and evidently has no reason to reconsider its foolish, mean-spirited policy. This amendment aims to supply one, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Chairman, we recognize the strategic importance of Turkey and maintain the waiver for assistance other than economic support funds. I would contend that human rights violations, whether committed by enemies or allies, should never be ignored. As my colleagues have noted during debate on the rule, and in conjunction with this amendment, the ongoing human rights violations in Turkey are disturbing. For example, free expression restrictions, widespread torture, and repression in southeastern Turkey continue to pose serious concerns about the health of Turkish democracy and the status of reforms. Although the Turkish Parliament recently amended article 8 of the 1991 anti-terror law that criminalized separatist propaganda and then released more than 100 political prisoners, the amended article 8 has been used to prosecute at least 35 individuals--including Turkey's best known author. According to yesterday's Financial Times, 154 statutes impose restrictions on free speech, and many are to punish peaceful, free expression, including article 7 of the anti-terror law and article 312 of the penal code.  Persistent, widespread torture continues to mar Turkey's democratic credentials, although officials have made public statements condemning torture. Human rights observers reported at least 69 torture-related deaths in detention since 1993. Forty-eight police officials involved in the beating death of a journalist last January were arrested (one subsequently alleged torture), yet the 1995 State Department Human Rights Report states, ``The climate of impunity that the relatively small number of convictions creates remains the single largest obstacle to reducing unlawful killing, torture, and other human rights abuses.'' Currently, the Foreign Ministry is orchestrating a campaign to halt the Human Rights Foundation of Turkey's torture rehabilitation efforts.  The Turkish military's 12-year-old, $7 billion-a-year campaign against Kurdish militants poses another threat to stability and Turkish democracy. Under the mantle of combating terrorism, the military conducts a violent campaign responsible which has claimed almost 20,000 lives and takes an increasing toll on civil liberties. Turkish forces have destroyed or evacuated more than 2,500 Kurdish villages in southeastern Turkey and have created almost 3,000,000 internal refugees. Death squads connected with security forces and armed Islamic extremists have been responsible for hundreds of unsolved killings and disappearances.  Mr. Chairman, I want to say how proud I am that this bipartisan group of Members offering this particular amendment is united in our concern about suffering refugees. We are all concerned about human rights, and we speak out on human rights abuses whenever and wherever they exist; but in this case we have an opportunity to help people with our medicines, our food, our clothing, and all we are asking for is a way, a land route to transship them. Unfortunately, that has been blockaded. This is a very good amendment and deserves the support of my colleagues.  