Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 515, offered by my good friend and colleague, Mr. Wolf of Virginia, who has been a tireless ally in defending the helpless, the imprisoned, the enslaved, and the persecuted--particularly persecuted Christians. I commend my colleague for authoring this resolution which recognizes the modern day travesty of religious intolerance, imprisonment and even martyrdom.  In recent years, Pakistani Christian Javid Mashi was martyred; Iranian Christian Mehdi Dibaj, Minister Tateos Michaelian and Bishop Haik Hovespian-Mehr were martyred; Catholic and Protestant church leaders in China, as well as ordinary believers, are regularly being arrested, beaten and fined; Christians in Sudan have been executed, enslaved, tortured, and sent into forced labor for their refusal to convert to Islam; for the last 18 years, about one dozen Catholic priests and monks in Vietnam have been imprisoned; in nearby Cuba, Pastor Orson Vila remains under house arrest following his 10 months imprisonment. Mr. Speaker, the entire century has been plagued with the martyrdom and persecution of religious leaders and their faithful flocks--the number of Catholic, Evangelical, and Orthodox Christians who have died for their faith will never be fully accounted.  The Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights, which I chair, held hearings this past spring on religious persecution, particularly Christian persecution. The most compelling stories were from the victims themselves. Persecution occurs in countries, such as Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, Morocco, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Sudan and Turkey, where government policies repress religious practice and where Islamic extremists stir public uprisings against Christians, particularly those who seek to share their faith or those who convert from Islam to Christianity.  Persecution also occurs in China, Cuba, Laos, North Korea and Vietnam, where Communist regimes feel threatened by Christians whose faith ultimately transcends the reach and control of political authorities. In many parts of the world, those in political power rightly see that the inner freedom and human dignity inherent in the Christian faith undermines the pervasive control sought by dictatorial regimes. Tragically, the testimony heard by the Subcommittee confirmed that, in countries governed by anti-democratic, anti-Western regimes, Christians become scapegoats as a means to vent and popularize hatred of the West and of the United States.  Clearly, if the United States is to retain its moral leadership, we must initiate policies that distance the United States from governments which engage in these persecutions, or allow rampages against the Christian communities and believers to go unchecked. The United States must seek to insure that the inalienable right to freedom of religion, along with the concomitant rights of freedom of speech, assembly, and the freedom to change one's religion, are supported through the United States foreign policy. Governments and tyrannical religious groups must be put on notice that persecution of Christians violates numerous international treaties and covenants and will not be tolerated by the United States. The Unites States must exercise decisive leadership and consistently raise these issues in bilateral negotiations and relations, and in multilateral fora.  My colleagues, Mr. Wolf and Mr. Porter, and I had encouraged the White House to appoint a Special Advisor on matters of religious persecution. Recent press reports indicate that a special advisory committee is being appointed, headed by Department of State Assistant Secretary John Shattuck. While the stated mandate of the committee has not been made public, I would suggest that the mandate be unequivocal with a focus on the tragedy of religious persecution, particularly of Christians. The committee should have precise reporting deadlines. Proposing specific recommendations of policy, diplomatic action and other initiatives appropriate for government to undertake should be part of the committee's mandate.  The worldwide persecution of Christians is one of the most compelling human rights issues in modern times. The martyrdom of Christians has reached alarming levels in this century and people of conscience have committed themselves to prayer and to action on behalf of those suffering. I commend the National association of Evangelical for their clarion call to action. Pope John Paul II, earlier this year, denounced the persecution of Christians by Islamist and communist regimes. The World Evangelical Fellowship has spearheaded an international day of prayer for the persecuted church. The first annual day of prayer is set for Sunday, September 29. I urge my friends and colleagues of all faiths to join in this call to action.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the resolution before the House, House Resolution 515.  