Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Mr. Walsh for his moral courage and leadership in putting this important language in the underlying bill--the D.C. appropriations bill. The Norton amendment, the pending amendment, would nullify Mr. Walsh's lifesaving legislation and should be defeated.  Let me make it very clear that the only way to ensure Hyde-type protections for the taxpayers is to reject this pro-abortion amendment. The net consequence, the absolutely predictable consequence, if this amendment prevails, is that we will pay for abortions on demand in the District of Columbia.  We have, as a Congress, jurisdiction over the Federal and the congressionally authorized funds and in many parts of this bill that are not being contested we have taken action to limit how certain funds will be spent. So this is hardly a precedent. Home rule isn't absolute.  A moment or two ago, Mr. Dixon said that the Supreme Court's Roe versus Wade permits first trimester abortions in the District of Columbia. That's only part of the tragic holding in Roe. Roe versus Wade did not just allow first trimester abortion on demand. It also allows the slaughter of unborn babies in the second trimester and in many cases in the third trimester as well.  The bottom line, Mr. Chairman, is that we are talking about children at various stages of their development in the District of Columbia whose death, whose killing would be paid for and subsidized by the taxpayer.  Let me remind Members that the Norton amendment wants to subsidize a deed--the act of aborting a baby. Some will try to sanitize this issue and package it as a freedom or liberty. It is not. Abortion is child abuse. And the so-called right to abortion was forced on us by the Supreme Court of the United States. Some day that gross injustice will be reversed. Because all babies, these unborn children, boys, girls, black, white, Hispanic, and Asian, right now are very precious but today they are construed to be persona non grata. It seems to me that we ought to, as a Congress, if we care, if we believe their lives to be precious, do all that is humanly possible to mitigate the possibility of their death. And it seems to me that if we take away the subsidy that actually buys and administers the chemical poison, the salt solutions and the other kinds of lethal drugs that are used to kill the babies, if we take away the subsidy that kills the baby by way of dismemberment of arms and legs and even sections of the child's fragile body are cut and the baby is removed, this is the reality of the deed that the gentlewoman's amendment would seek to have us give authorization to pay for. If you really take the time to think about what abortion does to the baby, this amendment becomes more repulsive and wrong.  It seems to me that where we can step in and save the life of even one baby, we ought to do it. I take a back seat to no one in this Chamber when it comes to maternal health care and other kinds of assistance for mothers both domestically and internationally. But when it comes to killing unborn babies, we ought to say ``no.'' This amendment would authorize the killing of unborn babies by way of subsidy.  When we used to pay for abortions on demand in the District of Columbia we paid for over 3,000 child killings per year. In 1988, for example, the number of kids destroyed was 3,139.  Vote down this antichild amendment.  