Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon to support the passage of House Resolution 165, commemorating the 205th anniversary of Poland's May 3 Constitution. Although only in force for less than 2 years before falling victim to the second partition of Poland by her neighbors, this Constitution stands as an enduring monument to the Polish people's aspiration for democracy.  The May 3 Constitution was the first written constitution in Europe, adopted in 1791 and coming only a few years after the American Constitution. In fact, the American and Polish Constitutions have much in common, both in spirit and in purpose: Each sought to create the foundations of deomcracy and, in particular, to establish limits on the previously unfettered powers of sovereign rule.  Mr. Speaker, the Polish Constitution of 1791 may have been short-lived as a legislative edict, but it survived nearly two centuries of partition, foreign occupation, Fascist domination and Communist totalitarianism as a symbol of what Poles had once achieved--and would again achieve.  Today, the people of Ploland continue their successful efforts to build a free and democratic society, a free-market economy, and a country in which human rights and fundamental freedoms will not only be guaranteed on paper, but ensured in practice. As Chairman of the Helsinki Commission, I have been especially heartened by the extraordinary progress Poland has made in this regard, and Poland is rightly lauded as a leader--perhaps the leader--of democratic reform in central and eastern Europe. I was also espedially gratified to learn recently from President Kwasniwski's office that an overhaul of the Polish penal code will probably drop provisions which criminalize defamation of state organs--one of the last remaining vestiges of the old Communist order.  I am honored today to join my colleagues in commemorating the Polish Constitution of 1791, which continues to inspire the people of Poland during a period of profound and positive political transformation; I welcome the passage of House Resolution 165.  