Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida [Mr. McCollum].  (Mr. McCOLLUM asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I rise to strongly support H.R. 2202, the immigration bill before us. I have served on this subcommittee and worked with immigration for all the years I have been in Congress. I cannot think of any more important immigration legislation to pass than this bill.  Mr. Chairman, I can testify to the fact that the legal immigration provisions in here are exceedingly important and exceedingly generous, contrary to what we might hear some other people say. With the exception of the period of legalization or amnesty that occurred after the 1986 law, the 3.5 million people that this bill would allow to come into this country legally over the next 5 years would be the highest level of legal immigration over the last 70 years. So make no mistake about it, this is not a restrictionist proposal that has come out of the committee on legal immigration.  In fact, there are some good features about it, very important features. We have been skewing the legal immigration so much toward family reunification and so much toward preferences, such as allowing brothers and sisters in of those who are here legally, that we have not been taking in the traditional numbers of seed immigrants who havespecial talents and skills but do not have any relatives here whom we should, and whom historically this country has and upon whose hard work we have had the great melting pot and the great energy we have had to make this economy and this great free market Nation of ours. So I urge the legal immigration provisions be maintained in the bill and be adopted.  On the illegal side, the bill has great provisions in it to remedy defects with the asylum provisions. We have had people claiming political aslym wrongfully and fraudulently for years now, saying that they would be harmed by being sent back home for religious or political persecutions of some sort. As soon as they set foot in an airport they say the magic words and they get to stay here.  This is wrong. They should not. There should be a summary or expedited exclusion process to deal with those people, especially those who do not make a credible claim of asylum when they first set foot off the plane. This bill remedies the problem, and it sets some real time limits for applying for political asylum.  Last but not least, it deals with the big problem of illegal immigration overall. There are about 4 million illegals here today. We have granted legalization to about 1 million over the last 10 years. We have 4 million permanently residing in this country today, and we are adding 300,000 to 500,000 a year. That is too many to absorb and assimilate in the communities where they are settling. They are settling in very specific communities, and they are having negative social and cultural impacts on those communities.  The only way to solve the illegal immigration problem is to cut the magnet of jobs, which is the reason they are coming. About half are coming as visa overstays, so no matter how many Border Patrol you put on the border, you cannot stop the flow of illegals here. The only way to do that is to make employer sanctions work. That has been a provision in law since 1986, that says it is illegal for an employer to knowingly hire an illegal alien.  The reason that has not been working is because of fraudulent documents, because the employer has not been able and the Immigration Service has not been able to enforce that law. I am going to offer a very simple amendment here shortly that is going to go to that problem on the Social Security card, which will be one of the six cards, one of the six documents that we will have to choose from when you go to seek a job, to show that you are eligible for employment after this bill passes.  I think what we need to do is simply require the Social Security Administration to make the Social Security card, which is the most counterfeited document in the country, be as secure against counterfeiting as the $100 bill and as proofed against fraudulent use as the passport. It would go a long way to cutting down on fraud and it would make employer sanctions work.  