Mr. Speaker, I intend to vote in favor of the conference report on H.R. 2202, the illegal immigration bill, because it includes many important provisions to help the United States get control of its borders: 5,000 new Border Patrol agents, stricter penalties for alien smuggling and document fraud, and procedural reforms that would make it easier to deport people who have abused our hospitality. I strongly support these provisions.  Mr. Speaker, we no longer live in an age when everyone from anywhere in the world who would like to live in the United States can do so. In an age of instant communication and easy transportation, border control has become not just a national prerogative but a practical necessity. Particularly when it comes to illegal immigrants, the American tradition of generosity is tempered by commitment to fairness and orderly procedures.  I am pleased that the House deleted provisions in the bill that would have imposed drastic cuts in the numbers of legal immigrants and refugees. The House adopted my amendment to delete a provision that would have imposed a statutory cap on the number of refugees who can be admitted into the United States. The cap would have been 75,000 in fiscal year 1997 and 50,000 in each year thereafter--less than half the number we admitted in fiscal year 1995. This may sound like a fairly high number, but even at their current levels, refugees are only about 8 percent of those who immigrate to the United States each year. Proportionally, refugees would have taken an even bigger hit than family or business immigrants. The cut would have hurt people who are in trouble because they share our values: ``old soldiers'' and religious refugees from Vietnam, Christians and Jews from extremist regimes in the Middle East, Chinese women who have fled forced abortion, and those who have escaped the tyranny of Fidel Castro. So I am pleased that the House adopted the Smith-Schiff-Gilman-Schumer-Boucher-Fox-Souder amendment to preserve the American tradition of providing safe haven for genuine refugees.  Unfortunately, the bill still contains provisions that subject legal immigrants, refugees, and U.S. citizens to unnecessarily harsh treatment. I think in particular of the requirement that a U.S. citizen must earn 140 percent of the official national poverty level in order to sponsor other family members. This provision leaves the unfortunate impression that family reunification is a luxury for the well-to-do, rather than a fundamental and laudable goal of millions of American families.  An even more unfortunate provision, section 633, would explicitly authorize the State Department to discriminate, by race, gender, and nationality in the processing of visas for legal immigrants.  The case of LAVAS versus Department of State, which this provision would attempt to overrule, is a carefully reasoned opinion by Judge David Sentelle, a highly respected Reagan appointee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. It reflects the court's shock and dismay that the State Department was violating Federal statutes as well as its own regulations by practicing nationality-based discrimination in order to force legal immigrants from Vietnam--typically the immediate relatives of United States citizens--back to the country they had fled.  The tragic consequence of the State Department's position is that many of those who have returned to Vietnam, on the assurance that their immigrant visas will be expeditiously processed by the United States, have languished for months or years because hostile and corrupt Vietnamese Government officials have refused to give them exit permits.  Fortunately, the harsh effects of section 633 can be cured by regulation, or even by sound administration. The President should direct the State Department to change its policy and to process these legal immigrants--and never, never again to discriminate invidiously by race, by gender, or by national origin.  Despite these and other deficiencies in the bill, I am voting in the affirmative, not only because I support the provisions that are directed against illegal immigrants, but also because of two provisions that cure important deficiencies in current law.  Mr. Speaker, the anti-terrorism bill passed by Congress in April contained several provisions that had nothing whatever to do with terrorism. One of these sections provided for the summary exclusion of persons attempting to enter the United States without proper documentation.  It is important that we exclude persons who would abuse our generous immigration laws, and it is important that the process of exclusion be a speedy one. It is also important,however, that the process be fair--and particularly that it not result in sending genuine refugees back to persecution.  The counterterrorism legislation provided that no person shall be summarily excluded if, in the opinion of an asylum officer at the port of entry, he or she has a credible fear of persecution. Unfortunately, the definitions of ``asylum officer'' and of ``credible fear of persecution'' were not as clear as they might be. H.R. 2202 goes at least part of the way toward the necessary clarity.  In particular, the antiterrorism legislation defined an asylum officer as someone who has ``professional training'' in asylum law, country conditions, and interviewing techniques--but did not state how much training or what kind. The immigration bill makes it clear that this training is to be equivalent to that of members of the highly respected Asylum Corps. The best way to ensure that this standard is met is to provide by regulation that only experienced members of the Asylum Corps--people who by training and experience think of themselves as adjudicators rather than as enforcement officers--will exercise the extraordinary power to send people summarily back to dangerous places.  I think it should also be clear that our asylum officers will need to be very careful in applying the ``credible fear'' standard. In a close case, they must give the benefit of the doubt to the applicant. There are also some countries--such as Cuba, China, North Korea, Iran, and Iraq--in which persecution is so pervasive that almost any credible applicant would have a significant chance of success in the asylum process.  I hope that regulations will be promptly adopted that explicitly provide for these and other safeguards in the expedited exclusion process. In any event, however, the current legislation is a substantial improvement over the regime that would go into force on November 1 if this legislation were not adopted.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, section 601(a)(1) of the conference report will restore an important human rights policy that was in force from 1986 until 1994. It would simply provide that forced abortion, forced sterilization, and other forms of persecution for resistance to a coercive population control program are ``persecution on account of political opinion'' within the meaning of U.S. refugee law.  Restoration of asylum eligibility for these victims of persecution is supported by human rights advocates from across the spectrum. Protection for these refugees has also enjoyed wide bipartisan support in Congress. Section 601(a)(1) is identical to section 1255 of H.R. 1561, the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, which passed both the House and Senate but was vetoed by the President for reasons unrelated to this provision. Section 601(a)(1) is also identical to the DeWine amendment to the Senate immigration bill, which enjoyed broad bipartisan support in the Senate but was withdrawn after objections had been raised to its germaneness under postcloture rules. Finally, the Clinton administration, which initially opposed this provision, recently announced its support.  As in every other asylum case, an applicant under this provision must prove his or her claim. Contrary to the cartoon being promulgated by opponents of this provision, we would not have to let in 1.2 billion people. In fact, during the Reagan and Bush administrations the number of people granted asylum on this ground was usually less than 100 per year, and never more than 200 per year.  Mr. Speaker, this provision merely states the truth. Forced abortion, forced sterilization, and other severe punishments inflicted on resisters to the PRC program are persecution on account of political opinion. PRC officials have repeatedly attacked resisters to the Chinese program as political and ideological criminals. The infliction of extraordinarily harsh punishment is also generally regarded as evidence that those who inflict such punishment regard the offenders not as ordinary lawbreakers but as enemies of the state.  Forced abortions often take place in the very late stages of pregnancy. Sometimes the procedure is carried out during the process of birth itself, either by crushing the baby's skull with forceps as it emerges from the womb or by injecting formaldehyde into the soft spot of the head.  Especially harsh punishments have been inflicted on persons whose resistance is motivated by religion. According to a recent Amnesty International report, enforcement measures in two overwhelmingly Catholic villages in northern China have included torture, sexual abuse, and the detention of resisters' relatives as hostages to compel compliance. The campaign is reported to have been conducted under the slogan ``better to have more graves than more than one child.''  The dramatic and well-publicized arrival in 1993-94 of a few vessels containing Chinese boat people has tended to obscure the fact that these people have never amounted to more than a tiny fraction of the undocumented immigrants to the United States. The total number of Chinese boat people who arrived during the years our more generous asylum policy was in force, or who were apprehended while attempting to do so, was fewer than 2,000. This is the equivalent of a quiet evening on the border in San Diego.  Nor is there evidence that denying asylum to people whose claims are based on forced abortion or forced sterilization will be of any use in preventing false claims. People who are willing to lie in order to get asylum will simply switch to some other story. The only people who will be forced to return to China will be those who are telling the truth--who really do have a reasonable fear of being subjected to forced abortion or forced sterilization. The solution to credibility problems is careful case-by-case adjudication, not wholesale denial.  Opponents add rhetorical punch to the asylum-as-magnet argument by asserting that treating forced abortion victims decently will be a unique incentive to smuggling and criminal gangs. Everyone is against smuggling. But let's prosecute the smugglers. Let's not take it out on the victims. The passengers on the St. Louis who were forced back to occupied Europe in 1939 were smuggled aliens too.  Finally, we should be extremely careful about forcibly repatriating asylum seekers to China in light of evidence that a number of those sent back by the United States since 1993 have been subjected to ``re-education camps,'' forced labor, beatings, and other harsh treatment.  The passage of this legislation, despite its defects, should be good news for the dozens of people who are still being detained by INS, even though they were found to have testified credibly to a well-founded fear of forced abortion or forced sterilization--or even that they have already been subjected to these procedures. People whose claims were rejected under the discredited case of Matter of Chang and its progeny should be released from detention immediately, and their asylum cases should be reheard under the rule that is restored by this law.  Mr. Speaker, the problem is not people fleeing persecution, and it is not people who obey our immigration laws. The problem is illegal immigration. The solution is to cut illegal immigration from 300,000 per year to zero, and to provide speedy deportation proceedings for millions of illegal immigrants who have abused our hospitality.  As President Reagan said in his farewell address: ``The shining city upon a hill is still a beacon for all who must have freedom, for all the pilgrims from all the lost places who are hurtling through the darkness, toward home.'' We are still the land of the free, still the most generous nation on Earth, but we must also insist on fairness and on respect for law. We must continue to work for the swift and sure enforcement of our immigration laws, without sacrificing American values.  