Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the terrorism prevention act, and want to commend our distinguished Judiciary Committee chairman, Henry Hyde, for his excellent work on this issue.  The escalation of criminal and terrorist activity in our country is robbing Americans of the freedom to walk their neighborhood streets, the right to feel secure in their homes, and the ability to feel confident that their children are safe in their schools.  We cannot protect American lives and safety or preserve national security without preventing alien terrorists from entering the country. Alien terrorists are often able to enter the United States despite the fact that their entry violates our national interests. In several cases, the Department of Justice has spent many years and hundreds of thousands of dollars to remove terrorist aliens from the United States.  Terrorist organizations have developed sophisticated international networks that allow their members great freedom of movement and opportunity to strike. The need for special procedures to adjudicate deportation charges against alien terrorists is evident.  An increasing number of crimes are being committed by noncitizens: both legal and illegal aliens. Over one-quarter of all Federal prisoners are noncitizens--an astounding 42 percent of all Federal prisoners in my home State of Texas. Recidivism rates for criminal aliens are high--a recent GAO study revealed that 77 percent of noncitizens convicted of felonies are arrested at least one more time.  Mr. Speaker, too few criminal aliens are being deported today. The deportation process can be years in length. S. 735 streamlines the deportation process by eliminating frivolous challenges to deportation orders; expanding the list of aggravated felonies for which aliens can be deported; and closing the gap between the end of an alien's criminal sentence and the date the alien is deported from the United States.  Americans should not have to tolerate the presence of those who abuse both our immigration and criminal laws. S. 735 ensures that the forgotten Americans--the citizens who obey the law, pay their taxes, and seek to raise their children in safety--will be protected from the criminals and terrorists who want to prey on them. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the terrorism prevention act.  I yield back the balance of my time.  