Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding time to me, and I want to commend him on this excellent bill, and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Everett], for their fine work in casting it, and the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Montgomery] for the good work he has done as well.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the bill.  This important provision adds bronchiolo-alveolar pulmonary carcinoma to the list of cancers that are presumed to be service-connected for veterans who were exposed to radiation in accordance with the provisions of Public Law 100-321.  Mr. Speaker, in 1986--10 years ago--I became involved with the case of one of those victims, Joan McCarthy, a constituent from New Jersey. Joan has for many years worked to locate other atomic veterans and their widows, and she founded the New Jersey Association of Atomic Veterans.  Joan's husband, Tom, was a participant in Operation Wigwam, a nuclear test in May 1955 which involved an underwater detonation of a 30-kiloton plutonium bomb in the Pacific Ocean, about 500 miles southwest of San Diego.  Tom served as a navigator on the U.S.S. McKinley, one of the ships assigned to observe the Operation Wigwam test. The detonation of the nuclear weapon broke the surface of the water, creating a giant wave and bathing the area with a radioactive mist. Government reports indicate that the entire test area was awash with the airborne products of the detonation. The spray from the explosion was described in the official Government reports as an ``insidious hazard which turned into an invisible radioactive aerosol.'' McCarthy spent four days in this environment while serving aboard the McKinley.  In April 1981--at the age of 44--Thomas McCarthy died, and the cause of death was a very rare form of lung cancer, bronchiolo-alveolar pulmonary carcinoma. This illness is a nonsmoking related cancer--which is remarkable given the estimate that about 97 percent of all lung cancer is caused by smoking. On his deathbed, Tom McCarthy informed his wife about his involvement in Operation Wigwam and wondered about the fate of other men who were present.  Mr. Speaker, smoking is not considered a cause for this ailment, but it has been well-documented that exposure to ionizing radiation can cause this lethal cancer. The National Research Council cited Department of Energy studies in the BEIR V reports, stating that ``Bronchiolo-Alveolar Carcinoma is the most common cause of delayed death from inhaled plutonium 239.'' The BEIR V report notes that this cancer is caused by the inhalation and deposition of alpha-emitting plutonium particles.  Mr. Speaker, the Department of Veterans Affairs has also acknowledged the clear linkage between this ailment and radiation exposure. In May 1994, Secretary Brown wrote to then-Chairman Sonny Montgomery of the Veterans Affairs Committee regarding this issue. Secretary Brown stated as follows:       The Veterans' Advisory Committee on Environmental Hazards      considered the issue of the radiogenicity of bronchiolo-     alveolar carcinoma and advised me that, in their opinion,      this form of lung cancer may be associated with exposure to      ionizing radiation. They commented that the association of      exposure to ionizing radiation and lung cancer has been      strengthened by such recent evidence as the 1988 report of      the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of      Atomic Radiation, the 1990 report of the National Academy of      Sciences' Committee on the Biological Effects of Ionizing      Radiations (the BEIR V Report), and the 1991 report of the      International Committee on Radiation Protection. The Advisory      Committee went on to state that when it had recommended that      lung cancer be accepted as a radiogenic cancer, it was      intended to include most forms of lung cancer, including      bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma.  I met with Secretary Brown last year and he assured me that the VA would not oppose Congress taking action to add this disease to the presumptive list. Notwithstanding this fact, however, the VA has repeatedly denied Joan McCarthy's claims for survivor's benefits. Unfortunately, Joan is not alone in being denied the survivor's benefits that she deserves. Consider the case of Gwen Poitras, who lives in Pasco County, FL. Gwen's husband, Robert Poitras, was in command of the U.S.S. Takelma, one of the ships that observed the nuclear tests of Operation Hardtack in the South Pacific.  Just like Thomas McCarthy, Robert Poitras died of bronchiolo-alveolar pulmonary carcinoma. And just like Joan McCarthy, Robert's widow was denied the dependency and indemnity compensation which she applied for after her husband's death.  The VA has claimed in the past that adjudication on a case-by-case basis is the appropriate means of resolving these claims. Unfortunately, the practical experiences of claimants reveal deep flaws in the process used by the VA. A key problem involves the reliance on radiation dose reconstructions that are based on information that is decades old.  Problems with the individual adjudication process were summed up in the recent report of the Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments, which was presented only last week to the President. The panel urged the Human Radiation Interagency Working Group, in conjunction with Congress, to address some of these concerns.  For example, the Advisory Committee noted that there are many concerns with the questionable condition of radiation exposure records that are maintained by the Government. It was also noted that the appeals process is especially cumbersome: Those who receive an initial denial of their claim are issued a form letter from the VA stating that it will take a minimum of 24 months--at least 2 years--to resolve the matter.  Mr. Speaker, I believe the widows of our servicemen who participated in these nuclear tests deserve better than this. They should not be required to meet an impossible standard of proof in order to receive DIC benefits, which CBO estimates will cost the Government, on average, a mere $10 thousand a year for each affected widow. I am glad to see that today we are moving one step closer to achieving that.  I want to note that this legislation is supported by the American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Vietnam Veterans of America.  I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.  