Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to commend the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter] first and foremost for this fine resolution and for his leadership on these issues. He has been tenacious over the years in raising the issue of the such maligned and troubled Kurds who have suffered so much, and I want to thank him for remembering, through this resolution, that horrible day when some 5,000 people were killed by poison gas.  I will never forget the picture of that mother clutching her young child, with the child's mouth gaping open. As a result of the gas, the impact of the gas, there was a look of absolute fright on both mother and baby; just one of the Kurds killed by Saddam Hussein, one of the many.  I also want to remind everyone that the regime of Saddam Hussein continues to kill, torture and illegally imprison members of the Kurdish minority in Iraq, as well as anyone else who displeases the regime. Relief workers who have gone in to help the Kurdish refugees have also been the victims of extrajudicial executions as well as disappearances.  Mr. Speaker, back in the early 1990's I was part of the Speaker's mission that went to the refugee camps on the border of Turkey and Iraq and met with many of the Kurds who were fleeing the repression. It was right in the aftermath of the Persian Gulf War, and the Republican Guard were in hot pursuit of this Kurdish minority. It was very compelling and encouraging for me to see how our military carried on ``Operation Provide Comfort.'' They came in, they organized, and they were able to provide the logistical supportfor medicines and food to be dispersed, and thousands of Kurds were spared because of the humanitarian efforts of the United States military as part of ``Operation Provide Comfort''. After several months, the situation was stabilized, and the baton was passed to the nongovernmental organizations that then carried on the good work of providing this important relief.  Mr. Speaker, as my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter], pointed out, the Kurds do suffer much in Turkey as well. We have had hearings, on the subject including one just this morning. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Moran] was there, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilman], the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde] and other members of our committee and subcommittee, and we focused on one of these areas, the proposed sale of Cobras to Turkey. As the chair of the Subcommittee on International Operations & Human Rights I believe that it would be outrageous to send Cobras to Turkey after the military might of the Turkish regime has been used in an ethnic cleansing effort against the Kurds, again another sad chapter in the kind of cruelty that these people have had to endure.  What is pointed out in this resolution, the massacre of the 5,000, is but one rather large and very terrible event in a series of tragedies that have been visited upon the suffering Kurdish minorities. So this is an important resolution, and I urge its passage.  