Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the Armenian genocide, as we do every year on April 24. This is a time of solemn remembrance, as Armenians everywhere set apart this day to mark the genocide perpetrated against them by the Ottoman empire in 1915 and afterwards. For friends of Armenians, this is an occasion to express condolences and to show solidarity with the worldwide Armenian community.  We not only mourn with them the loss of some 1.5 million Armenians but we voice our determination to prevent any such horrors from recurring. Unfortunately, the Armenian genocide was only the first in this bloody century of horrors. Since then, powerful states have singled out and massacred other ethnic, racial or religious minorities, and to judge by the atrocities committed in this decade in Yugoslavia, human cruelty knows no bounds of geography, race or religion.  Neverthleless, Armenians--the first victims of genocide this century--have served as models of strength, steadfastness and resistance. The most important target of resistance is amnesia. Armenians have taught us the lesson that some events are too important not to recall--no matter how painful--for the particular nation in question, and for all of us, but equally important is the lesson that a nation's hopes do not flicker out with the loss of so many of its children. Instead of being defeated, the wound can steel the soul and fertilize dreams of freedom and security.  Today, an independent Armenian state guarantees the security and future of the nation. Despite all the difficulties and travails of the last few years, Armenia has defended its people and will continue to do so. For our part, we today signal our commitment to foster all efforts to resolve the causes of tension between Armenia and its neighbors. The road to peace and normal relations among the states of Transcaucasia is arduous, but it must be pursued by all the peoples of the region with the decisiveness and strength that Armenians have demonstrated in keeping alive their traditions and striving for freedom.  