Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to my good friend and colleague from Alaska's amendment to strike the Indian Child Welfare Act reforms from this bill.  The dismal numbers on adoption make it clear that our laws have created severe roadblocks for adoption in this country. No one disagrees with that.  Roughly 55,000 adoptions are finalized each year in this country--down from 89,000 in 1970. Yet 500,000 kids languish every year in foster care. Many of them are not special needs kids or at least they were not, before they entered the system. Many of them are children who, at one time, could have easily been placed with the estimated, 2 million couples that are currently waiting to adopt a child. These numbers didn't just happen by accident. It was bad laws that failed these kids.  One of the worst examples of this is how the Indian Child Welfare Act has been misused to promote a political theory at the heartbreaking expense of some very real children and families, as well as the entire institution of adoption.  It is tragic, unenlightened and unnecessary.  Some of you may have read about the Swenson case. Shortly after his birth, Casey Swenson's birth mother, who is not native American, placed Casey for adoption. This woman courageously made the decision to place her child in the care of a couple who, among other things, shared her faith in the LDS Church.  Casey's birth father is Oglala Sioux but he has never sought custody of Casey. He has had nothing to do with the boy from day one. He has totally abandoned the child. The tribal counsel, also, never voted to seek custody.  A tribal bureaucrat, however, whose job is to administer Indian Child Welfare Act grant money, decided to expand his turf and seek custody of the child for the tribe--in opposition to the birth mother's wishes. He enlisted the help of Idaho Legal Services for the job.  Mercifully the Swensons prevailed. But it took 6 years of litigation--all the way to the Idaho Supreme Court--and over $100,000 in legal fees. The Swensons lost their home and farm too; not to mention many cruel, sleepless nights for the child, his sister, the birth mother, and his adoptive parents.  Keep in mind one thing which we know from actual case histories. When a birth mother, who falls under the Indian Child Welfare Act, but does not want her child raised by a tribe, hears of these adoption nightmares it sends a very clear message: Adoption may present a long and hard court battle with no ultimate control over the outcome. Abortion or single parenting, on the other hand--her other two options--present total control over the ultimate custodial arrangement.  Why this legal disincentive to adopt when it presents such an enriching option for the child? The extraordinary power of the tribes to veto adoptions has reached children with as little as 1/64 Indian blood. A vote for the Young amendment is a vote for a legal incentive to abort or single-parent.  It is insane to allow this. Tribes are important cultural and political institutions but not so important that they should trump a mother's interest in who will raise her children in the event that she cannot.  Not a single person here would tolerate a law which mandated that, in the event of your own incapacity, you could not place your child in the care of a close friend who shared many of your religious or cultural views on parenting--simply because your ethnicities did not match.  The Indian Child Welfare Act now means as much. To say that because you come from, say, Irish descent and your friend is Polish, or African-American, then the Government can exclude them from consideration for custody is obscene. Would any of us tolerate such a law for ourselves? No. So don't vote for this one. This is supposed to be America and the Indian Child Welfare Act was never meant to cover voluntary adoptions.  It is the height of hypocrisy to legislate for others what you would not tolerate for yourself. Lets not do it here. Defeat the Young amendment. Keep the Pryce provisions in this bill for the good of all children and parents who may at some point need sensible adoption laws.  