Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of House Concurrent Resolution 102. I think it is a very good resolution and I want to commend the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter] for his leadership on behalf of the Baha'is and on behalf of human rights.  Mr. Speaker, the issue of persecution of the Baha'is is unfortunately not a new one in the House. Congress has passed a half-dozen resolutions condemning the vicious persecution of the Baha'is at the hands of the regime in Tehran, but the persecution continues.  Mr. Speaker, there is little I can add to the resolution and to the excellent comments that have been made so far. The Baha'is clearly are a peace-loving community, members of a religion that had its origin in Iran but that has adherents all over the world, including here in the United States. The extremist regime in Iran considers the Baha'i religion to be a heresy, a group apostasy, so it persecutes them with even more severity than it does Christians, Jews, or other Muslims.  Mr. Speaker, I particularly want to call to the Congress' attention the fact that there are at least four members of the Baha'i faith that now are at risk of death in Iran. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter] mentioned one whose sentence has been remanded back to a lower court for review, and we hope this resolution sends a clear, unmistakable message that religious intolerance will not be tolerated by civilized countries, and that it will bring more scrutiny and more condemnation on the regime run by Rafsanjani.  I think it is very important that we speak, as we have, as Democrats, Republicans, as conservatives, moderates, and liberals, that we believe that the Baha'is have a right not just to exist, but to express themselves, to practice their religion as they see fit.  We support the United Nations Universal Declaration on Human Rights, the religious intolerance acts that have been passed by the United Nations. Every year the Human Rights Convention in Geneva looks at religious persecution and speaks out on it. My hope is that they will say to Tehran, ``No more,'' that cooler heads will prevail, and those who are being persecuted simply because they want to practice their faith as they see fit will no longer find themselves being tortured, incarcerated, and, even worse, put to death. I commend the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Porter] for his excellent resolution.  