Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the distinguished chairman of the Committee on International Relations, for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, this resolution is a welcome step toward focusing our China policy where it ought to be focused. For too many years the United States has ignored and insulted a faithful and freedom-loving ally in order to curry favor with a totalitarian dictatorship. This policy is not only morally problematic, but also self-defeating.  The recent Taiwan elections have shown that Chinese people, like people the world over, will choose democracy and freedom when they are given the opportunity. The election also highlights a difficult choice for the people of Taiwan: Whether their government should move gradually toward official independence, or continue to assert its historic status as the Government of the Republic of China.  The United States should take no position on this question. We should insist only that the choice be freely made by the people themselves, acting through legitimately elected institutions. We should also recognize that the only real hope for eventual reunification of Taiwan with the Chinese mainland rests in the possibility that freedom and democracy will also come to the mainland. Today, as the Beijing regime tightens its grip on power, this possibility seems remote. But the Taiwan elections should offer both an example and an incentive to Beijing. The message they send is clear: Join us in choosing freedom. We will never go back to slavery.  The people of Taiwan will never choose absorption by a Communist government. The model for reunification, if it is ever to happen, is not Hong Kong, where millions of people who had no say in the matter are about to be delivered forcibly into the hands of despotism. Rather, the model is Germany, where people who had thrown offthe shackles of communism quickly and freely chose unity with the free and prosperous society that had been built by their countrymen, who were happy to welcome and assist them.  Mr. Speaker, I especially want to congratulate the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Funderburk] on his tireless promotion of democracy and human rights. As the former Ambassador to Romania, Mr. Funderburk fought the good fight against the atrocities of Nicolae Ceausescu and incurred the wrath of our own State Department for his candor and consistency. I have enormous respect for Mr. Funderburk.  Thus, it is not surprising to note that he is again in the forefront of this battle for democracy and freedom for the people of Taiwan. I want to thank my good friend from North Carolina, Mr. Funderburk, for sponsoring this important resolution.  