Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, just so the record clearly reflects what is happening here, there were some bogus assertions made earlier that somehow the pro-life side was trying to box the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia from offering her amendment. Yet the simple fact of the matter is that we all have to abide by the rules here. There was a clear window of time here. Mrs. Norton's amendment was clearly in order but she physically was not here to offer.  Many Members have done that over the years. I've been here for 16 years there have been times that bills have moved so fast that members have missed their opportunity. When that happens they have sought unanimous consent to bring it up, sometimes consent is granted, sometimes not. They did not then claim foul, though. If one knows what the rules are then its incumbent on a member to get here on time, and many Members have found this to be the case. But, really, if you're late getting here, don't turn around and cry foul.  I want the record to show clearly that right now by bringing this amendment up out of order we are providing special treatment, to the gentlelady. Last year when the Norton amendment was offered it was defeated with 281 noes. I think the outcome was very predictable and would have been predictable if we had indeed had a rollcall vote.  Mr. Chairman, the issue is one of whether or not we will provide funding in prisons and also for women detained by the Marshals Service and the Immigration and Naturalization Service, the INS. This language that the chairman has wisely put into the bill provides for abortion funding only in cases of rape or endangerment to the life of the mother section 103. It is a carryover from last year. I believe it is very good legislation.  Finally, and I said this earlier in this debate, why do we seek to proscribe funding for abortion? It is very simple. Many of us have come to the inescapable conclusion based on all of the available documentation that is out there that abortion kills babies, plain and simple. It dismembers babies' bodies. It results in the injection of chemical poisoning. I hope that a comprehensive debate on abortion occurs in this country, that this sense of denial that so many Americans are living with regarding abortion gets stripped away. The partial-birth abortion ban and the fight that occurred on this floor regarding that hideous procedure where the so-called doctor stabs the child's head with a scissors then hooks up a suction device to suck the brains out of the baby.  Many people began to see abortion not as freedom but cruelty to children. The other methods are equally gruesome. It just happens in utero.  You do not see the baby get dismembered unless you do what Dr. Nathanson did and utilize a sonogram and watch, as he did in his movie ``The Silent Scream,'' a child actually getting picked apart by a loop-shaped knife which is as sharp as a razor blade.  Abortion kills babies. That is why we fight it. We also believe very strongly--and I know many women who have had abortions, many women--I believe that they are exploited, they are victims, they are covictims with the baby. Our real concern and love and compassion is for them. Reconciliation for those who have had abortions and efforts to try to prevent those who might be in a vulnerable situation from going forward with that irreversible decision to have her baby killed.  Mr. Chairman, I am glad we had this short debate and we are able to accommodate the gentlewoman from the District. Let me make it very clear however that had she been here at the right time when the reading of the appropriate paragraph occurred, she would have easily offered her amendment. Still, I am glad to be accommodative in providing this opportunity again for her to offer her amendment.  I urge Members to defeat it and yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  