Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the Lowey amendment which would appropriate taxpayer funds for harmful experimentation on and then the destruction of so-called test tube babies. The Lowey amendment reverses current law and guts the pro-life Dickey-Wicker amendment which the Committee on Appropriations wisely adopted and seeks to extend into fiscal year 1997.  I believe the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Dickey] and the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Wicker] deserve high praise for their deep reverence for and sensitivity to human life. Their amendment to the Labor-HHS bill last year has prevented Federal funds from being used to turn test tube babies into human guinea pigs who are wanted and desired only for their research utility.  The Lowey amendment is yet another manifestation of an extremist pro-abortion mindset that regards human life at its most vulnerable stages as innately worthless, expendable and cheap. The Lowey amendment dehumanizes and trivializes the miracle of human life.  Mr. Chairman, like so many other ethical problems that Congress has been called upon to unravel in the last few years, this issue gained currency with the Clinton administration. The problem was this: There is no question that interesting information could be obtained by cutting up living human embryos to see what makes them tick. This is also true of unborn children at all stages of gestation, newborn babies, 3-year-olds and adults. Many things can also be learned from experiments on cadavers or on animals, but for some purposes there is just no substitute for cutting up living human beings.  If researchers could only be allowed to set aside certain individuals for these purposes, the rest of us might deserve some benefit, or so the argument goes. Yet somehow deep down all of us know that this is wrong. Even some supporters of abortion on demand generally recognize that an unborn child still has some value, some real value and this dehumanizes those children.  The illogic of the Lowey amendment is its tacit admission on the one hand that it is unethical and immoral to federally fund the creation of human embryos in a petri dish for the purposes of scientific experiments while at the same time declaring it ethical and worthy of Federal outlays to perform harmful experiments on and again then to destroy what is euphemistically called spare embryos.  If the private sector makes them, the Feds will take them, keep them alive. Let them develop, perform all kinds of harmful experiments on them and then destroy them. If federally funded researchers need more embryos on whom to perform ghastly experiments, no problem. The network of IVF clinics will produce them, and this commodity of human life will then be poured down the drain.  Mr. Chairman, I ask Members to vote against the Lowey amendment.  