Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to commend the gentleman for his outstanding amendment and the gentleman from Kentucky, Chairman Hal Rogers, for his good work in accepting it, my friend from West Virginia, as well, for accepting this language. I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I think that is a given now since there is a consensus.  Just let me say that throughout human history, the most important battles have not been those whose object was to control territory. The battles that really matter have always been about values and ideas. When the history of our century is written, it will be in large part the story of a long struggle for the soul of the world, the struggle between the values of the free would on the one hand and those of communism, fascism, and other forms of totalitarianism on the other.  Throughout most of the world, the values of the free world have been victorious, not only because we had better values but because we were not afraid to stand up for them.  Some say we no longer need the presence of surrogate broadcasting now that the cold war is over, but just let me remain Members, and everyone is increasingly aware of this, that in Asia there is a major problem with human rights. We have, unfortunately, reneged in our responsibility on these issues. MFN has been conferred for another year without linkage. Radio Free Asia, it seems to me, is the least we can do.  H.R. 1561, the authorization bill, was vetoed by the President, provided $10 million per year. So this is well within the range what we have already done on the floor of the House, and that legislation again was vetoed. But this will not be and this will become law and I commend the gentleman for his amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment to save Radio Free Asia.  Throughout human history the most important battles have not been those whose object was to control territory. The battles that really matter have always been about values and ideas. When the history of our century is written, it will be in large part the story of a long struggle for the soul of the world--a struggle between the values of the free world on the one hand, and those of communism, fascism, and other forms of totalitarianism on the other, Throughout most of the world, the values of the free world have been victorious--not only because we had better values, but because we were not afraid to stand up for them.  Some say that we no longer need a presence in the world now that the cold war is over. I think this view is misguided, for several reasons.  First, there are places in the world where the values of freedom have not yet been victorious. These places include the few remaining Communist countries, such as Cuba, China, Vietnam, and North Korea, as well as an increasing number of countries governed by ``rogue regimes,'' such as Burma, Iraq, and Libya. This is why we still need Radio Free Europe, Radio Liberty, and freedom broadcasting to Cuba. And this is why we need Radio Free Asia.  Mr. Chairman, the repeated cuts, rescissions, delays, and consistent underfunding of Radio Free Asia since Congress ordered its creation in 1994 appear to be evidence that this important profreedom program is being subjected to the old Washington two-step: If you don't like a program but don't have the votes to kill it, first you render it ineffective. Then you can kill it by pointing out how ineffective it is.  In H.R. 1561--the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, passed by the House and Senate but vetoed by President Clinton--we authorized $10 million for a no-year account for fiscal year 1996 and fiscal year 1997, as in fiscal year 1995. This was based on the estimates of those who conceived Radio Free Asia--distinguished human rights advocates such as Ambassador Charles Lichtenstein, who was our principal Deputy Ambassador to the United Nations under Jeane Kirkpatrick--that it would take at least $30 million to get Radio Free Asia up and running. Because it was fairly clear that the process would take at least 2 years, only $10 million was authorized for a no-year account in fiscal year 1995. The idea was that over the 3 years it would take to establish Radio Free Asia, the necessary $30 million would accumulate in the account. Through a series of rescissions and reductions, this start-up amount has been reduced to less than $10 million--which will be insufficient to establish Radio Free Asia as an effective voice against tyranny in the region.  The Clinton administration, which has taken deep cuts in international broadcasting over the last 3 years, nevertheless recognizes that Radio Free Asia needs at least $14.4 million--that is, $10 million in fiscal year 1997 in addition to the $4.4 million already appropriated in a no-year account from fiscal year 1996--in order to survive its crucial first year of operations.  The bill before us cuts this amount in half, to $5 million. The subcommittee report points out that the Board of Broadcasting Governors should have filed a more detailed report by now about its plans for Radio Free Asia. I agree with this criticism. But let's not blame the victim. If we must impose punishment for the failure to file a better report, let's find a way to impose it on the bureaucrats who should have filed the report--not on the innocent and freedom-loving people of China, Vietnam, Burma, and other countries who have been waiting 2 years already for Radio Free Asia to get up and running.  In order to avoid killing this important human rights program without increasing the Federal budget deficit, it was necessary to find a $5 million offset from another program. This has been done by taking a tiny reduction--less than three-tenths of 1 percent--in the State Department's largest operating account, the $1.7 billion Diplomatic and Consular Services. Don't be fooled by the title of this account: it is simply the State Department's way of describing its largest salaries and expenses account.  The State Department's operating accounts have remained essentially level since fiscal year 1994, at a time when other international relations activities have taken far deeper cuts. During these same 3 years, our freedom broadcasting programs have been cut over 20 percent. So the choice is simple: will we kill a voice for freedom in Asia in order to fund a few more bureaucrats?  Mr. Chairman, the free world needs Radio Free Asia, and so do the enslaved peoples of the last outposts of the evil empire. I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment.  