Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, just let me say, so that the record is very clear on this, the language in this bill is a compromise. It was very carefully worked out. The Gentleman from Alabama, distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Foreign Operations, has worked with Members to try to find some way out of the difficulty and the impasse that we find ourself with the White House as well as with the Senate.  None of us is totally happy with this. I think, as my colleagues know, when people talk about the huge so-called cuts in family planning, let me remind Members that in 1992 the United States spent $325 million on family planning. In the last fiscal year we spent $356 million. That is a 16-percent increase, and this bill straight-lines that amount into fiscal year 1997. Many of us believe very strongly that abortion--lobbying for abortion and performance of abortions--is not family planning, and that is what the issue comes down to.  The Mexico City policy was in effect for about 10 years under the Reagan and Bush administrations. The UnitedStates was the primary donor of international population control funds around the world during those years. And it was the NGO'S that refused to divest themselves of the killing and the maiming of unborn children by way of chemical poisoning or by way of dismemberment of the child by suction machines and other methods, they were the ones who were taking themselves out of contention for those Federal funds. They were the ones so obsessed with killing babies that they forfeited U.S. donations.  That is what this is all about, and I just want to say that I understand the gentleman from Colorado is going to withdraw this amendment, but had he not, we would have--and I would welcome it--a full-fledged debate on the Mexico City policy again. Because I think that is the preferable way. But I am also a realist, and I understand what likely would happen over the Senate side, and we would be there right into December, probably, debating this issue. But, you know, that too would be OK with me. This is a compromise. Nobody is happy with it I'm not--but I think it is a step in the right direction, and again there is much money in here, a 16-percent increase over 1992.  Let me also say that it really is disingenuous for Members to suggest that the language in this bill ``cuts'' population control. Let's remember that the Clinton Administration hyperinflated pap funds in fiscal year 1995. And isn't it amazing how quickly the new higher level became the baseline. When did the international adoption industry get a ``entitlement''? As I pointed out, if we look at the historic levels that AID has provided for family planning, the fiscal year 1997 spending plan is above those levels. Thus--rightly or wrongly--the United States remains one of the major providers of those kinds of funds.  Let me just say the distinguished gentleman from Alabama has done yeoman's work on trying to craft this compromise. This compromise has to hang together or else it all falls apart and we are right back to Mexico City. Frankly, that would be just fine with me, but as of now I think this is the way we ought to proceed.  I thank the distinguished gentleman from Alabama. He is a true statesman and true believer in human life.  And let me just take one exception to what the gentlewoman said from New York. This bill is very pro-women I have worked with the gentleman from Alabama on child survival and maternal health care. This legislation directs $600 million by way of earmarks for the child survival and disease account. As my colleagues know, if we look in Africa and elsewhere--and I chair the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights, and we have looked at this every carefully, we have worked with WHO and UNICEF and others--kids and women are dying in exceedingly high numbers in those countries from preventable diseases. Hundreds of millions of dollars in this bill are responsive to those needs. And I am grateful to Mr. Callahan for his responsiveness to these pressing needs.  