Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, there is only one way to describe the Clinton administration's policy on arms embargo against Bosnia: breathtakingly duplicitous. Duplicitous first in that the White House repeatedly and strenuously rebuffed congressional efforts to lift the illegal and immoral arms embargo in violation of Bosina's legitimate right to self defense. Duplicitous in that the President authorized a policy which effectively sanctioned arms shipments from Iran, of all places, Iran, a terrorist state, to Bosnia via Croatia.  This latest fiasco underscores the crisis of leadership we have seen time and time again over the last 3 years. I commend both Chairman Gilman and Chairman Thomas for their leadership in pursuing this matter.  The House Committee on International Relations recently held a hearing on United States policy towards Bosnia which delved into charges that the Clinton administration approved or allowed Iran to ship arms to Bosnia. Frankly, that hearing raised more questions than it answered.  Mr. Speaker, as a House sponsor of the bipartisan effort to lift the arms embargo against Bosnia, I am extremely concerned about the implications and consequences of such a policy should these allegations be substantiated. It is ironic that President Clinton apparently was willing to turn a blind eye toward Iran while blocking a majority of Congress, a bipartisan majority, that called for the United States, not Iran, to take the lead in upholding Bosnia's legitimate and fundamental right to defend itself.  In a recent interview, former Assistant Secretary of State Richard Holbrooke, the architect of the Dayton agreement, indicated that the situation on the ground in Bosnia had reached such a crisis that the Bosnian Government would not have survived without outside arms shipments. In attempting to justify the Clinton policy on Iranian shipments. Mr. Holbrooke concluded, and I quote, ``We knew that the Iranians would try to use the aid to buy political interest. It was a calculated policy based on the feeling that you had to choose between a lot of bad choices,'' close quote.  Bad choices, perhaps, Mr. Speaker, but there had to be a better choice than the one that was embraced by President Clinton. Should the Bosnians been given the means to defend themselves in the face of aggression and genocide? Absolutely. Should those arms have come from Iran? Absolutely not.  In the past 2 years, Mr. Speaker, Members from both sides of the aisle have put aside their differences to respond to this senseless slaughter of innocent civilians by well-armed Serb militants in Bosnia. Repeatedly we have raised our voices, calling upon the President to display a determined U.S. leadership in the face of this naked aggression. These calls were repeatedly rebuffed.  When we voted in an overwhelming manner in support of lifting the arms embargo on June 8, 1995 and again on August 1, we were told by the White House that such an action was not in the interest of the United States as it would lead to an Americanization of the conflict. It would result in the deployment of thousands of U.S. troops, and undermine the U.N. Security Council.  Mr. Speaker, when all is said and done, the fundamental issue at stake here, as in so many other instances, is one of leadership and in this case flawed leadership. For nearly 3 years, Mr. Speaker, the Clinton administration, like the one before it--and I was equally critical of the previous administration, as my colleagues know on the other side--passed the buck on Bosnia.  But the President and then candidate Clinton said that he knew better, and he argued that during the campaign years and during his first few months in office. They said the Europeans should handle this. Now they turn a blind eye to who would provide the arms and allow the Iranians to do it. It is shameful, and unfortunately it has led to the situation that we are in today.  Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of this resolution. It is a good one.  