Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me this time.  I urge Members to support this rule. It is a good rule, and it is a very good, comprehensive conference report that we have put together. It has taken our subcommittee and the full committee the better part of a year and a half, working with the Senate, to craft this legislation. There were delays, as I think many Members know, on the Senate side, regrettably, but thankfully we are going to have this bill presented to the whole House very shortly.  H.R. 1561, the Foreign Relations Authorizations Act for 1996 and 1997 has attracted attention, Mr. Speaker, including a veto threat from the Clinton administration, because it would require the consolidation of at least one Government agency and because it would save $1.7 billion over 4 years.  I think it is important that, with the taxpayers clamoring for downsizing throughout the Federal bureaucracy, that the State Department and other agencies of our foreign policy apparatus not be immune to the budget-cutting knife.  Amid the discussion of these issues, however, some of the most important aspects of H.R. 1561 have gone almost unnoticed. Specifically, despite the need to cut spending and consolidate programs, the conference report manages to hold harmless, and at times even enhances, the most important programs and to enact important policy provisions that will indeed support freedom, democracy, and save lives.  Mr. Speaker, in considering H.R. 1561, I hope we will carefully consider the following human rights provisions:  First, Mr. Speaker, the Humanitarian Corridors Act. Section 1617 of the bill will limit assistance to those countries that restrict the transport or delivery of U.S. humanitarian assistance. I introduced the Humanitarian Corridors Act and offered the entirety of that legislation to this bill for a very simple reason: It is wrong, patently wrong, for countries receiving American assistance to keep U.S. humanitarian aid from reaching other countries. Yet this is precisely being done by Turkey, which has been blockading Armenia for several years. Ankara's opening of an air corridor with Armenia last summer indeed was a step in the right direction, but it does not represent a remedy for the problem. Turkey still refuses to open land routes through its territory for the delivery of badly needed United States humanitarian assistance to Armenia, which creates an unacceptable situation.  The MacBride principles, another very, very important set of principles that for years we have been trying to get enacted into law, Mr. Speaker, section 1615 of the bill includes language that guarantees United States assistance programs in Northern Ireland will only go towards projects that do not engage in religious discrimination and which provide employment opportunities for members of the region's Catholic minority. Some of us in Congress have been fighting, as I said, for these principles for many years. It has been a bipartisan effort. We have the opportunity to codify that this evening.  Chairman Gilman, I think, deserves particular credit for his tenacity for steering this important human rights provision through this legislation and including it.  Refugee protection, the refugee provisions, Mr. Speaker, of H.R. 1561 will prevent the United States tax dollars from being spent to return to Vietnam and Laos thousands of men and women who served side by side with the American forces during the Vietnam war.  These provisions will also restore the Reagan and Bush policy of protecting people who can show that they are fleeing forced abortion or forced sterilization or they have actually been subjected to such cruel measure, such as the women who are now being held in California and in other parts of the country.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1561 would also require periodic reports to Congress on what Fidel Castro is doing to enforce his end of the Clinton-Castro immigration deal of 1994 and how people are treated who are returned to Cuba pursuant to the second Clinton-Castro immigration deal of May of 1995.  Despite the need for cuts, Mr. Speaker, in international broadcasting and other public diplomacy programs, H.R. 1561 holds harmless two of our freedombroadcasting programs, such as Radio Free Asia and Radio and TV Marti.  The bill also requires, when cuts must be made, they must not fall disproportionately on broadcasts to countries, such as Iran and Iraq, where people do not enjoy freedom of information within their own country.  The bill also requires that Radio Free Asia commences its broadcasts into China, Vietnam, North Korea, Burma, and other countries whose people do not enjoy freedom and democracy, as we all know so well, within 6 months. No more delays; it is about time this important broadcasting got up and running.  Mr. Speaker, this is a fair rule, and I believe it is a very, very comprehensive conference report. As I think Members know, there were objections made by the other body when it came to the foreign aid section. That has been taken out of this bill, so we are talking basically about consolidation and about reauthorizing many of our important programs like USIA, the State Department refugee assistance.  I urge support for the rule.  