Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend and colleague from Vermont [Mr. Sanders] for his cooperation in working on this amendment. We have been working on this for some time now.  Mr. Chairman, if you thought taxpayers were outraged and dismayed over the revelation that the Pentagon was shelling out $500 for hammers and $600 for toilet seats, wait until they learn that Uncle Sam is now subsidizing big corporate mergers and acquisitions, which by design, are intended to throw thousands of people out of work.  That's right, American taxpayers are footing the bill to merge, downsize, and fire people. This is corporate welfare at it worst.  Wait until the public discovers, Mr. Chairman, that thousands of hard-working Americans who have or recently had high paying defense industry jobs, got pink slips not necessarily because of fewer purchase orders, but because the Clinton administration's cynical policy of providing huge subsidies for corporate mergers.  In July 1994, the GAO's first and only available report on just one subsidy approved for payment makes clear a connection between payoffs and layoffs: ``The contractor's proposed savings were based entirely on workforce reductions.'' (GAO/NSIAD-96-80)  The amendment I am offering today, which is cosponsored by Messrs. Sanders, Duncan, Minge, DeFazio, Klug, and Neumann, puts a stop to this outrageous and largely obscure policy of subsidized downsizing until Congress and the taxpayers receive some reliable data on how much has been spent and what the human and budgetary impact of these subsidies are.  Make no mistake: Nobody is trying to interfere with legitimate private business decisions to merge. Of course, the establishment of monopolies is a different story. And nobody denies that leaner defense firms have the potential to save DOD some money on future cost-plus contracts.  But when Uncle Sam crosses the line between simply permitting mergers, and actively promoting and partially underwriting them, we have strayed.  Mr. Speaker, my amendment will end this fatally flawed policy from inflicting any more damage that has already been done.  The Smith-Sanders-Duncan-Minge-DeFazio-Klug-Neumann amendment is based on common sense--because the proponents of the Clinton policy have not proven their case--they have not even performed the duties that they were required by law to do.  Amazingly, the report by DoD called for in section 818 of Public Law 103-337 has still not been released, even though it was to be available by November 1995. This report was at the heart of congressional demands for accountability over these merger subsidies.  And when the hard data becomes available, it may show that the Clinton policy isn't just antijobs, but a net loss to taxpayers as well. GAO's testimony on this policy said the amount of restructuring costs charged to DoD contracts ``could be substantial, possibly involving several billions of dollars.'' (GAO/T-NSIAD-94-247) Furthermore, GAO added that money spent on merger subsidies was ``likely to place further increased pressure on DoD procurement budgets.''  How can we, as guardians of the public purse, just watch as money goes out the door and nobody knows who's getting what and exactly how much this is costing us?  To date, some 32 defense contractors have lined up to receive some of Uncle Sam's corporate largess. Lockheed-Martin is just one of those contractors, but their requests could cost the taxpayers $1.6 billion. Among Lockheed-Martin's approved requests for downsizing costs is a proposal submitted on January 31, 1996, to close down the Astro Space facility in East Windsor, NJ, which puts 3,200 jobs in jeopardy.  Mr. Speaker, this policy is the direct cause of some 3,200 layoffs in my district alone, and it uses the tax dollars of these every same people to do it.  Nor does anybody know what the net impact of these layoffs are likely to be. The premise, behind this policy are fundamentally at odds with America's free-market economy. Firms merge and restructure when they believe it is in their best interest to do so. If Wall Street lacks the confidence to underwrite a merger, why should Uncle Sam come to the rescue, doling out the tax dollars to make it work?  The flaws in current law are legion. Current law says DOD can only pay out restructuring costs if they see audited cost savings. That sounds nice, but what about the ripple effects of all these layoffs? What about the lower revenues realized and higher government services needed to assist those thrown out of work? What about the reduction in competition as mergers lead to monopolies?  This amendment is supported by a wide variety of organizations and individuals. Charlie Marciante of the New Jersey State AFL-CIO says ``Republican Smith's amendment ensures that Uncle Sam's reimbursement offers do not prompt otherwise unlikely layoffs and it also ensures that taxpayers are not forced to pay for programs that put people out of work.''  Steve Moore of the CATO Institute described the policy as ``an egregious example of unwarranted corporate welfare in our budget.'' Dr. Lawrence Korb, a former Under Secretary of Defense during the Reagan administration, said, ``By this policy of subsidizing defense mergers and acquisitions, the Clinton administration has already created megacompanies that will stifle competition and wield tremendous political power.''  Defenders of merger subsidies argue that putting taxpayer money up front to pay for restructuring will lead to cost savings on future contracts. My question is: Since when is it the obligation of the Federal Government to inject itself into a firm's decisionmaking process by offering multimillion dollar inducements to merge and downsize?  For defense contractors, the only thing that seems to separate a good business deal from a bad business deal is how much money Uncle Sam injects into the process. In fact, the former CEO of Lockheed-Martin, Norman Augustine, stated in congressional testimony: ``specifically, had [DOD] refused to [subsidize or reimburse] Martin Marietta's proposed General Dynamics Space Division acquisition we would not have made the purchase, certainly not because of spite, but simply because it would have been a bad business deal.'' (emphasis added) (HASC 103-56, page 46).  Furthermore, why should taxpayers give a windfall to companies to merge if it can be shown that they would have merged anyway? And the idea that Uncle Sam must share savings on cost-plus contracts in order to give incentives to defense contractors is seriously flawed.  The fact of the matter is that when a contractor restructures, they save money for themselves and potentially to DOD. With lower overhead costs distributed throughout the newly merged organization, contractors pick up big savings on both fixed and cost-plus government contracts.  So when contractors tell you how much money DOD may or may not save, what they conveniently leave out is how much money they--not us--are going to save on existing fixed-price contracts.  In fact, Secretary Deutch actually conceded in congressional testimony that lower overhead costs for contractors will lead to windfalls on existing fixed-price contracts.  My colleagues, this issue should be a no-brainer. We need to put a stop to merger subsidy payments until we actually get some hard evidence that this policy even comes close to being what its proponents suggest. I think when all the facts are in, you will agree with me to kill this policy outright. Let's take a breather from government-subsidized ``merger mania'' and assess the damage already been done. Support the Smith-Sanders amendment to H.R. 3610.  