Mr. Chairman, the United States has always been a beacon of hope and opportunity for generations of people who come to our shores searching for what cannot be found in any other nation on Earth. Few of us here are not the heirs of immigrant determination to make a better life for families and loved ones--or to seek a safe haven from repression. Some of our colleagues in the House are themselves living proof that this Nation continues to be enriched by the strong immigrant community which is our heritage.  However, Mr. Chairman, today the people of the United States are faced with a new challenge from which we cannot back away--the challenge of illegal immigration.  Illegal immigration has reached epidemic proportions in the United States. Each year our borders are flooded with many thousands of people who enter the U.S. undocumented, usually unskilled, often without the resources to provide for their own needs.  Mr. Chairman, it is currently estimated that there are between 2 and 4 million illegal immigrants in the United States, with about 300,000 added to that number each year. I want to emphasize that these are estimates--the numbers could be even larger than the estimates. According to a study by the Rand Institute, one-half of all illegal immigrants enter the United States by crossing the land border. Many use fraudulent documents to derive benefits from social programs, thus depriving U.S. citizens, legal residents, and refugees who deserve these benefits and robbing taxpayers of millions of dollars.  Twice this House has attempted to right this wrong. Twice President Clinton vetoed those attempts. Thousands of people each year blatantly disregard U.S. laws but are rewarded once they arrive here. This magnet of benefits draws people from all over the world who simply abuse the system with no intent on ever contributing. This is wrong. And once again we have the opportunity to address the issue. We must remain firm in our commitment to provide for those who are in need, to offer assistance to those who experience temporary setbacks. But we cannot simply be a well from which all may draw without ever giving back, or with no intention of ever leaving the well.  But the welfare problem is only one symptom of the illegal immigration epidemic. Jobs of U.S. citizens and legal residents are affected by the number of illegal immigrants willing to work longer hours for lower wages. Illegal immigrants reduce the employment opportunities of low-skilled workers, and even of skilled workers in areas where the economy is already weak and opportunities less plentiful. According to a New York Times article by Roger Waldinger, a professor of sociology at U.C.L.A., says that the African-American community suffers the most from jobs lost to illegal immigration. Legal immigrants are also hurt by the growing influx of illegal immigrants, their opportunities decreased and the hopes they brought with them dimmed or extinguished. Many of these U.S. citizens and legal immigrants are then forced into dependency on social programs, increasing the cost that illegal immigration imposes on the American public.  Not only does illegal immigration cost jobs, it also costs wages. Statistics show that low-skilled workers may experience as much as a 50 percent decline in real wages and that the growing number of illegal immigrants is leading to an increased wage gap between skilled and unskilled workers.  I have in my office stacks of reports from the Immigration and Naturalization Service, documenting hundreds of illegal immigrants who are employed here illegally. The jobs they hold are jobs that rightfully belong to U.S. citizens and lawful residents.  But there are more symptoms of this epidemic. U.S. prisons are overflowing with criminal aliens--and the vast majority of these are illegal immigrants. In addition to the stacks of reports from the INS which document the employment of illegal aliens, there are pages of reports on the growing number of illegal immigrants who are involved in criminal activity. Many of them enter our judicial and prison systems where, again, millions of dollars are spent on dealing with their criminal activities.  Those who enter the United States illegally and who continue to violate our laws--especially those who by violence add to the growing problem of violent crime and fear in this country--do not deserve to stay here. Like other violent criminals, they have complete disregard for the values that U.S. citizens and legal immigrants hold dear and strive for each day.  It is no secret that I support the plight of refugees who seek relief from oppression in their homelands. This empathy for people who love freedom is a basic tenet of our American tradition. But such empathy should not be confused with support for those--regardless of nationality--who would instill fear and terror on the law-abiding citizens of our Nation.  I should also make clear that I do not mean to imply that most immigrants--or even most illegal immigrants--come here to commit violent crimes. Many undocumented immigrants are driven by the same economic and social factors that cause all of us to want to improve our situations in life. But the United States is first and foremost a nation of laws, and we have a right to insist on obedience to the law.  Mr. Chairman, earlier I quoted the Rand Institute's figure that 50 percent of all illegal immigrants come to the U.S. by crossing our land border. We owe a word of support and commendation to the men and women who make up our border patrols and stave off hundreds of people who otherwise would have gotten into the United States without documentation. They place their lives on the line each day to protect the integrity of our borders. They are our first and best line of defense against illegal immigration. They are overworked and in need of more support. We must do everything we can to strengthen our border patrol and improve this first line of defense.  The elimination of any epidemic calls for strong and decisive measures. This epidemic of illegal immigration demands the same. Eliminate the benefits that illegal immigrants receive when they arrive. Enforce and strengthen the laws which prohibit the hiring of illegal immigrants. Protect U.S. jobs for U.S. workers, especially for those who are most harmed when their jobs are given to illegal immigrants. Deal swiftly and decisively with criminal aliens through expedited deportation proceedings. These measures are only a start to address this epidemic. But we must start somewhere.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, our national policy regarding immigration is overdue for change. We need to balance our proud history of diversity with the economic reality of high national unemployment and over-burdened social services. We must consider reforms that address the needs of U.S. citizens first and recognize the fiscal reality of Federal and State government.  Congress is now considering a major proposal to dramatically change our Nation's immigration policy. I support the goal of ending illegal immigration. But I also believe we must reduce the number of people legally immigrating to our Nation. We simply cannot hold the door open for every one of the world's dissatisfied citizens. Continued high immigration hurts our environment, it hurts our low wage workers and it is increasingly hurting higher skill and higher wage workers, as well. High levels of immigration may have been a boon to our Nation at one time. They have ceased to make any sense today.  Representative Berman has proposed an amendment to strike the legal immigration provisions of the bill. I'm concerned that if we eliminate the attempt in this bill to reform the Nation's legal immigration policy--as flawed as this bill's legal immigration reforms may be--the impetus for reform will die. I, therefore, cannot support his amendment.  I'll continue to work for tighter borders and responsible immigration control, and press for strong protection for our Nations work force.  