Mr. Chairman, I would like to first thank Chairman Jerry Lewis for his yeoman's work on this issue of childhood cancer in Toms River, NJ. As I testified before his appropriations subcommittee on May 8, the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry [ATSDR] is currently working to assist New Jersey in its search for answers to a disturbing, potential cancer cluster among young children.  I rise in strong support of the amendment to H.R. 3666 offered by Chairman Lewis of California. Childhood cancer is a tragedy that is of national concern, and with the funding provided in this amendment, ATSDR will be given the resources to examine any possible environmental link between toxic substances and childhood cancer.  As some of you know, the Toms River area has two superfund sites--Ciba Geigy and Reich Farm--that many residents fear could be responsible for abnormally high cancer rates in the area.  In August of 1995, the New Jersey Department of Health, responding to anecdotal evidence of increased incidence of cancers among young children, analyzed data in the New Jersey State Cancer Registry and came up with alarming results: a five fold increase in cancer rates for brain and central nervous system cancers among children under age 5.  Something is causing these cancers, Mr. Speaker, and with the funds provided in this amendment, the anxious parents of these kids may at last begin to get some answers. And I would note to my colleagues that if ATSDR does find an environmental link, it will haveimplications far beyond the State of New Jersey.  Mr. Speaker, I have repeatedly indicated to my colleagues that ATSDR's work on environmental health is vitally important, especially because no other agency has environmental health as its chief mission. ATSDR provides critical work in filling the serious data gaps in scientific understanding about the human health effects of hazardous substances released from Superfund sites. It also assists States through cooperative agreements, in conducting Public Health Consultations.  With this amendment, ATSDR will have the resources needed to include New Jersey in a seven State national study of brain cancer incidence near national priorities list [NPL] sites. It provides Federal resources through comparative geographic data analysis, providing medical and scientific expertise and education, as well as environmental and biomedical monitoring to examine potential exposure pathways.  Cancer is always tragic, Mr. Speaker, but it is especially heartbreaking when it strikes down innocent children. And that is why it is important to keep a careful count of each of the little victims of cancer, so that researchers can have complete and accurate information to work with. As part of its public health response plan, which this amendment will fund, ATSDR will conduct interviews with area families to make sure people do not fall through the cracks.  In conclusion, with this amendment, the Republican Congress is sending a clear and powerful message to the American people, as well as to the residents of Ocean County: we care about environmental health. We are committed to finding answers; why are so many of our precious children coming down with cancer? But most importantly, we are willing to back up our commitment with Federal dollars.  