Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I first of all want to thank the gentleman from Florida [Mr. McCollum] for allowing us to sandwich our bill because of a scheduling conflict in between his other bills that are scheduled and to especially thank the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Moran] for graciously agreeing to be here tonight and to join us in hopefully passing this important legislation.  Mr. Speaker, very briefly, this legislation is nine provisions, human rights and refugee related. It is a bipartisan bill. It is cosponsored, I am happy to say, by our committee chairman, full committee chairman, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilman], the ranking member, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hamilton], the gentleman from California [Mr. Lantos], who is ranking on my subcommittee, the gentleman from California [Mr. Berman], the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde], the gentlewoman from Florida [Ms. Ros-Lehtinen], the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Goodling], and others.  It is a consensus bill about what needs to be done in a number of important human rights areas. It also provides some authorities that the State Department would like to have, one especially dealing with machine readable fees to finance border security programs at no cost to the U.S. taxpayer and an authority of the United States to stabilize the channel of the Rio Grande River in accordance with international agreements, and there are also some provisions dealing with USIA.  Mr. Speaker, I do think it is a good bill, and again I ask to put my full statement into the Record.  The statement referred to is as follows:  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to begin this discussion of the Human Rights, Refugee, and Other Foreign Relations Provisions Act of 1996. This act, which I am proud to sponsor along with Ben Gilman, Lee Hamilton, Tom Lantos, Howard Berman, Henry Hyde, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, and Bill Goodling, consists of nine provisions that were originally included in H.R 1561, the Foreign Relations Act for Fiscal Years 1996 and 1997, which was passed by the House and Senate last year.  Several provisions of the act extend or enhance authority to conduct important programs that are already underway. Two of these authorities relate to the security of our Nation's borders: The State Department's authority to use machine-readable fees to finance its Border Security Program at no cost to U.S. taxpayers, and the authority of the United States to stabilize the channel of the Rio Grande River in accordance with international agreements.  The act extends the authority of USIA to include Tibetan and Burmese exiles in its scholarship programs, and requires USIA to take appropriate steps to involve pro-democracy and human rights leaders in exchange programs with countries whose people do not fully enjoy freedom and democracy. It also requires that the State Department's Country Reports on Human Rights Practices include reports on each country's votes on resolutions before the U.N. Human Rights Commission, as well as its treatment of refugees. The latter provision is designed to enhance efforts to persuade other countries in the Western Hemisphere and elsewhere to accept their fair share of the world's refugee population, rather than leaving the brunt of the burden on the United States and a few other nations.  The act extends for 1 year the current law relating to refugees in certain high-risk categories, such as Jews and evangelical Christians from the former Soviet Union and Southeast Asians who have suffered persecution for their wartime associations with the United States. It also clarifies the law with respect to forced abortion, forced sterilization, and persecution on account of resistance to such forced procedures. It requires periodic reports on the Castro government's methods of enforcing its immigration agreements with the United States and its treatment of people returned to Cuba in accordance with these agreements.  Finally, the act provides that the United States should not give foreign assistance, other than humanitarian assistance, to Mauritania unless that country rigorously enforces its laws against human chattel slavery. This is a vicious form of persecution--it involves racial discrimination against blacks, religious persecution of Christians, and the worst forms of degradation of women and children. The policies of our Government toward Mauritania must be calculated to put a speedy end to this heinous practice.  None of these sections was a source of controversy in the conference or on the House or Senate floor, and none was alluded to in the statement accompanying the President's veto of H.R. 1561. Several sections have been modified slightly to address concerns expressed by the administration. The act does not authorize expenditures for foreign assistance. We have worked with the administration and with Democrats on the International Relations Committee to meet their concerns. I have been assured that the administration does not oppose this bill and that it actively supports several important provisions of the legislation. Major provisions of this bill are also supported by a broad range of human rights organizations and other groups including the Council of Jewish Federations, the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, the Union of Councils for Soviet Jewry, the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, the U.S. Committee for Refugees, the United States Catholic Conference, the Christian Coalition, the Family Research Council, and the International Campaign for Tibet.  I urge a ``yes'' vote on this important human rights bill.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  