Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Goodlatte amendment. We already have an agricultural guest worker program. It is called the H-2A program. The Goodlatte amendment makes needed changes. It ensures a program that works for farmers and yet one that retains the bedrock protections for American workers.  The Goodlatte amendment responds to the complaints from fruit and vegetable growers and the complaints that they have lodged against the H-2A program. There is a widespread belief among growers that the Department of Labor administers the program in bad faith, intending to make it so unworkable that it will not be used. The Goodlatte amendment transfers the upfront certification process from Labor to the INS. This move will ensure both that growers get the workers they need, and that program abuse will not go uncorrected.  Mr. Chairman, growers complain about the time it takes to get H-2A workers, that they must file applications at least 60 days before the date of need. The Goodlatte amendment cuts this period by 20 days. It ensures growers will get the workers they need when they need them.  Growers believe the current 50 percent rule is unfair. The rule requires a grower to hire any domestic farm workers who apply for work until the H-2A guest workers have completed half their work contract period, eve if the grower already has all the workers needed. The Goodlatte amendment repeals this rule.  Growers also complain about the H-2A program's three-quarters rule. This rule requires that they pay guest workers for 75 percent of the agreed work contract period, even if the harvest is cut short by weather or pests. The Goodlatte amendment requires that a grower pay his guest workers for three-quarters of the time the harvest actually takes. This assists growers hit by setbacks while protecting guest workers.  Fruit and vegetable growers want to be allowed to pay guest workers a housing allowance instead of having to build actual housing. The Goodlatte amendment permits housing allowances if housing is reasonably available in the area. This ensures that guest workers will not be forced into homelessness.  The Goodlatte amendment sets a ceiling of 100,000 guest workers per year. In recent years, about 17,000 to 19,000 aliens have been granted visas under the H-2A program. This ceiling is large enough to meet the needs of farmers who want to replace illegal workers with legal workers. By keeping the requirement of recruiting and hiring U.S. workers first, the Goodlatte amendment would meet the needs without undermining U.S. immigration policy and harming domestic workers.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the Goodlatte amendment. It is good for guest workers and it is good for growers.  