Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill. The Veterans Health Administration is a model of our national commitment to honor our debts. It must be preserved. For that to happen, it must be allowed to change with the rest of the health care industry. One of the most significant changes in our Nation's health care delivery in recent years has been the movement to increased reliance on ambulatory care. For the VHA to keep pace with this welcome change, requires capital improvement. This bill today addresses some of those needs.  Specifically the Veterans' Affairs Committee approved a $21.1 million grant for Lyons Medical Center in Lyons, NJ. The grant provides funding for an ambulatory care unit.  This is great news for New Jersey vets. The Lyons' ambulatory care unit will take us into the next century as a state-of-the-art health care facility. It's an improvement that is long overdue.  In the past, the veterans' hospital would require overnight stays for minor surgery that would have been outpatient surgery elsewhere. The ambulatory care unit will allow veterans to go in and out of the hospital in one day, eliminating the added burden of overnight stays.  With the recent merger of Lyons and East Orange VA Medical Centers, this is truly a sign that Lyons is a well-respected and much-needed facility. This grant ensures that Lyons will continue to offer state-of-the-art health care and will keep its important place in the VA health care delivery system of New Jersey.  Finally Mr. Speaker, I also rise to congratulate Mr. Montgomery, a true gentleman and leader when it comes to fighting for veterans. It has always been a pleasure to work for veterans as a member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee. Over the years it has always been clear that a unique bipartisan spirit has prevailed there. That spirit has arisen from the shared commitment of the vast majority of the members of the committee to honor our obligations to our veterans first. Mr. Montgomery, by his tireless service to the committee has nurtured that bipartisan spirit. Our success has been largely attributable to his fine service and leadership here and we will miss him.  