Mr. Speaker, I should also say that I share some of the frustration of my colleagues. This legislation is the result of a compromise. As with every compromise, there are things in the bill I would have preferred not to have. The bill also omits some provisions I would have liked to see included. On balance, however, Chairman Livingston and our leadership have broughtback a victory for the pro-life majority in the House, and a victory for the protection of unborn children.  Our most significant victory is that the conference report does not include the Hatfield language, which was included in the Senate bill and would have effectively written a blank check to the international abortion industry.  Last year the House voted several times to condition U.S. funding for population control activities on the Mexico City policy--a prohibition of funding for foreign organizations that perform or promote abortion. The House also voted to condition its support for the United Nations Population Fund [UNFPA] on an end to UNFPA support to the forced abortion policy of the People's Republic of China.  The House provisions recognized that money is fungible. The fiction advanced by the other side--that international population control agencies can use bookkeeping devices to spend their money on abortions, and our money on everything else--ignores this reality. United States taxpayers do not want their money going to organizations which support the PRC program that includes forced abortion which themselves perform abortions, or which seek to export abortions to countries that currently protect their unborn children. If population-control organizations insist that they want population money only for family planning activities unrelated to abortion, they could do so under the House provisions by getting out of the abortion business.  The Mexico City policy did not and would not lessen the overall U.S. contribution to international family planning. Almost all of the organizations which had received funding agreed to the terms of the policy and continued to receive funding. But the Mexico City policy has prevented these U.S. dollars from being used to enrich the international abortion lobby or to support its self-serving efforts to legalize abortion as a method of birth control.  Unfortunately, pro-abortion organizations would not let the foreign aid appropriations bill go forward unless they can get U.S. dollars and continue to pressure other nations to sanction abortion on demand--pressure which would appear to be endorsed by the United States because these groups receive substantial U.S. financial support.  For this reason, the House and Senate reached an impasse in negotiations, even though the House made several concessions in its pro-life language.  The issue was finally resolved by compromising not on abortion policy itself, but on the level of funding and the timing of expenditures. We dropped the Mexico City language in favor of a 35 percent cut in funds for international population control, and a provision that only one-fifteenth of the funding could be obligated in each of the 15 months for which fiscal year 96 funds will be available.  These provisions were designed to give both sides time--and an incentive--to negotiate further on the abortion issue. But the largest recipients of grants for population programs, and some of their supporters in Congress, instead chose to make wild and unsubstantiated charges against the compromise. Pro-abortion organizations were even accusing pro-life Members of Congress of causing more abortions. They had a simple formula: less money for abortion providers means more abortions, and more money for abortion providers means fewer abortions. Mr. Speaker, the conferees have recognized this assertion for the nonsense that it is, and they have omitted the pro-abortion Senate language.  Mr. Speaker, U.S. spending for population control has gone up dramatically in the last 3 years--from $325 million in fiscal year 1992 to about $550 million in fiscal year 1995--even in a time when money has been generally tight and many Federal expenditures have stayed level or declined. Even aside from concerns about the abortion issue, the Clinton administration has been giving disproportionate emphasis to population control as a solution to all problems. Our first foreign aid priorities should be programs that save the lives of children, protect refugees who are fleeing persecution, and create free and self-sustaining economic systems for people in emerging nations. The logic of disproportionate spending on population control seems to be that people will not need help if they are not around. Not only is this policy morally questionable, but it will not work.  The reduced funding level for population programs in fiscal year 1996 under the recent compromise will be about $356 million. This is substantially more than the United States spent on all population control programs in fiscal year 1992, or in any other year prior to the dramatic increases of the Clinton era.  Finally, and most important, the population-control lobby can eliminate the statutory ceiling imposed by the compromise--simply by agreeing to reasonable restrictions on international abortion-related spending. All we want is to re-erect a wall of separation between abortion and family planning.  Mr. Speaker, I also want to call attention to another important provision of the conference report: the Coates-Snowe-DeLay amendment, which is necessary to preserve the accreditation of medical schools that do not require their students to actively perform abortions. At the urging of the pro-abortion movement the ACGME imposed a rule that would have frozen out of the profession those students who would not do abortions. This provision will effectively reverse that coercive, anti-life, power play by the abortion industry.  Mr. Speaker, I would have liked to see even more pro-life provisions in the conference report. There are also other important omissions. Mr. Gilman submitted a list of 18 noncontroversial provision from H.R. 1561, the Foreign Relations Authorization Act. These important provisions included the MacBride principles for justice in Northern Ireland, the Humanitarian Aid Corridors Act, the restoration of asylum eligibility for forced abortion victims, and the extension of the Lautenberg amendment which has saved so many Jews and evangelical Christians in the former Soviet Union from persecution. Unfortunately, President Clinton saw fit to veto the bill that contained these important human rights provisions. I believe they should have been included in this conference report, especially because the report includes a waiver of the statutory requirement that there be an authorization for the State Department during fiscal year 1996.  But I know the going was tough--the majority of the Senate conferees and the White House were both against us, especially on the pro-life issues--and I congratulate Chairman Livingston and the leadership on their firm stand in favor of human life. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''  