Mr. Speaker, children, however dependent, are not property and no child is ever a throw-away. A pregnancy is not a disease. Yet partial-birth abortions treat a partially delivered child as a tumor, as a wart, as a disease to be destroyed.  Even if you have a doubt, I say to my colleagues concerning the humanity of an unborn child, can you not resolve that doubt in the baby's favor when the infant is half delivered?  Mr. Speaker, for the first time ever, Democrats and Republicans will send to the President a bill that says ``no'' to the horrific procedure that literally sucks the brains out of a baby's head. This poster to my left is not some kind of fiction. It is the reality of this horrendous child abuse.  A registered nurse, Brenda Pratt Shafer, said after seeing some of these partial-birth abortions, and I quote, ``The baby's body was moving, his little fingers were clasping together, he was kicking his feet. All the while, his little head was stuck inside.'' Dr. Haskell took a pair of scissors and inserted them into the back of the baby's head. Then he opened up the scissors. Then he stuck a high-powered suction tube into the hole and sucked the baby's brains out.  Mr. Speaker, for the first time ever, despite the extraordinary ability of the pro-abortion lobby to obfuscate and confuse, the reality of abortion is finally getting the scrutiny it deserves. By addressing this particular kind of abortion, this legislation compels us to face the dark secret, the cold fact that an unborn baby dies in every abortion.  I am astonished that Members can support this kind of abortion. Two decades of cover up are over. I would say to colleagues that the brutal methods,whether it be chemical poisoning or suction, dismemberment of a baby, in this case a partially delivered baby killed with brain suction, this must be brought to the forefront so the people know exactly what is going on.  I hope the President says to the bill that he will sign it. I hope he signs it. It is not likely. He will have earned the legacy of being the abortion President. What a tragic, what a pathetic legacy to be the abortion President, especially a man who once in his past used to be pro-life.  