No, not at all. As a matter of fact, the annual cap negotiated between the administration and Congress is far less than 100,000 in its totality.  Mr. Speaker, this act consists of several human rights refugee and education provisions. I am proud to sponsor this legislation along with House International Relations Committee Chairman Ben Gilman and Ranking Democratic Member Lee Hamilton, as well as Tom Lantos, Howard Berman, Henry Hyde, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, and Bill Goodling. The administration does not oppose the legislation.  H.R. 4036 extends the authority of USIA to include Tibetan and Burmese exiles in its scholarship programs, and requires USIA to take appropriate steps to involve prodemocracy and human rights leaders in exchange programs with countries whose people do not fully enjoy freedom and democracy. It also requires that the State Department's Country Reports on Human Rights Practices include reports on each country's votes on resolutions before the U.N. Human Rights Commission, as well as its treatment of refugees. The latter provision is designed to enhance efforts to persuade other countries in the Western Hemisphere and elsewhere to accept their fair share of the world's refugee population, rather than leaving the brunt of the burden on the United States and a few other nations.  The act extends for 1 year an extremely important policy relating to refugees in certain high-risk categories, such as Jews and evangelical Christians from the former Soviet Union and Southeast Asians who have suffered persecution for their wartime associations with the United States.  Also, the act provides that the United States should not give foreign assistance, other than humanitarian assistance, to Mauritania unless that country rigorously enforces its laws against human chattel slavery.  H.R. 4036 also authorizes the Secretary of Education to make grants for the Pell Institute, the Bush Fellowships, the Muskie Foundation, and the Coolidge Memorial Foundation. A Pell amendment deleted section 102, providing for reports on the Cuban Government's methods of enforcing its 1994 and 1995 immigration agreements with the United States.  The administration opposed an earlier version of this provision on the ground that it already provides such reports. We are agreeing to drop this provision only because we have been assured that these reports will continue to be provided. Originally, the agreement negotiated with the Senate was that a reference to the Cuba human rights reports would be placed in report language rather than in the text of the bill itself. Because the procedure under which this law is enacted does not provide for committee reports, it is important to place in the Record the continued expectation of the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights that our Government will continue to monitor and report to Congress on the treatment of people against whom the Castro regime enforces these two agreements. The reports are an important manifestation of congressional concern about the human rights of persons against whom enforcement measures are taken.  I would like to extend my deep gratitude to Senator Helms and his staff, who shepherded this important human rights bill through the Senate. In particular, Chief Counsel Tom Kleine of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has demonstrated his willingness and ability to work effectively with people representing a wide range of viewpoints in order to ensure that our law reflects the right answers to important questions of public policy. Senator Lott and Senator Nickles and their respective staffs have also been extremely helpful. I also thank the Democratic staff of the Foreign Relations Committee for working with us on this bipartisan effort.  