Madam Chairman, I would first like to commend Mr. Shaw and Mr. Archer, along with the other members of their respective committees, for once again forging legislation which will truly end welfare as we know it.  Although we had previously passed welfare reform legislation on two separate occasions, Mr. Clinton, in failing to keep his promise to the American people twice vetoed our welfare bills. Madam Chairman, I am hopeful that once this monumental legislation is again passed and presented to the President, he will sign the bill this time, if for no other reason than it will be politically expedient for him to do so.  As you are aware Madam Chairman, this welfare proposal includes a general rule which prohibits States from providing cash assistance under the family assistance block grant to a child born to a recipient of cash welfare benefits or who received cash benefits anytime during the pregnancy. This has been referred to as the ``family cap'' provision. However, the bill does permit States to opt out of this prohibition if a State passes legislation specifically exempting the State program funded under the family assistance block grant from application of the prohibition. I worked hard for this relief option and I am hopeful that most States will utilize it.  For those States, however, that do not opt out, Madam Chairman, and in particular for the children of these States, I am pleased that the bill includes my amendment that permits States to provide vouchers for children born to families receiving assistance. I worked diligently to have this amendment included in our original welfare reform bill (H.R. 1214 and H.R. 4), where it was passed overwhelmingly during consideration of that bill--352 to 80.  I admit the original family cap-child exclusion had surface appeal to many Americans who are fed up with people being on the dole. Americans want the abuse of the system to end.  However, the voucher-exception provision to the family cap will help the weakest and most vulnerable people in our society--children. I am sure everyone agrees that we must not punish children for the sins of their parents.  My voucher-exception amendment now included in this legislation enables us to accomplish the goal of the family cap provision--i.e., discouraging out-of-wedlock pregnancies--without driving children further into poverty or forcing their mothers to have an abortion. My provision maintains the restriction on cash benefits, but allows vouchers to be used to pay for particular goods and services specified by the State as suitable for the care of the child involved.  This means that State's will be able to provide for the most essential needs of the children: clothing, shoes, diapers, powders, bedding, laundry detergents, and travel to the doctor.  Over the years numerous studies have shown that money--or more precisely the lack of it--heavily influences a woman's decision to abort her child. Without my amendment, we would be saying to mothers, ``the State will not help you feed your child, but we will--as they do in many States--pay for you to destroy your child.''  A major study by the Alan Guttmacher Institute, a research organization associated with Planned Parenthood, which performs or refers for 230,000 abortions a year found that 68 percent of women having abortions said they did so because ``they could not afford to have a child now.'' Among 21 percent of the total sample, this was the most important reason for the abortion; no other factor was cited more frequently as most important.  The voucher-exception provision permits states to provide compassionate care for children--care which offers help to women who do not want to have abortions, or who may otherwise feel trapped by a State program that limits their ability to care for another child.  