 Maybe he missed the news. Reuters said:       U.S. Senate Republicans Back Payroll Tax Cut Extension.  The Wall Street Journal says:       GOP Set to Back Payroll Tax Cut.  IBD says:       GOP Open to Payroll Tax Cut.  U.S. News:       Mitch McConnell Says Congress Will Likely Extend Tax Cut      One More Year.  CBS says:       GOP working on alternative proposal for payroll tax cut      extension.  Washington Post:       ``Majority'' of Republicans likely to back payroll tax cut      extension.  And Fox News:       Republicans Back Payroll Tax Cut Extension.  Madam President, this is not an argument about whether we ought to extend the payroll tax cut that was enacted last year for 1 year. The issue is how do you pay for that, and we have differences of opinion about that.  This week, as we all know, the Senate is debating the extension of a temporary payroll tax cut that the two parties agreed to last year to help those struggling in a bad economy. But before getting into any detail about the various proposals that are being considered for extending this temporary tax cut, I think it is important to establish a couple of things right here at the outset.  First, the debate we are having this week is not about whether to extend this temporary relief for millions of working Americans out there who are struggling as a result of the ongoing jobs crisis; it is about whether we should help those who are struggling in a bad economy by punishing the private sector businesses the American people are counting on to help turn this economy around.  The President and Democrats here in Congress are saying we ought to recoup the revenue we will not get from one group of taxpayers by socking it to another group, a significant number of whom happen to be employers. What this really means is that one way or another they want the money coming back to Washington so that the President and his allies in Congress can divvy it up how they want, protecting and aiding the politically favored few. This really sums up the whole story of this President and the economic policies he has promoted over the past few years--send your money to Washington so the President and his allies in Congress can spend it their way, on things such as turtle tunnels or bailing out politically connected investors of failing solar companies.  The Democrats can say they just want some people to pay a little bit more to cover this or that dubious proposal, but what they do not tell you is that 80 percent of the people they want to tax are business owners--in other words, the very people we are counting on to create the jobs we need in this country. Think about that. The Democrats' response to the jobs crisis we are in right now is to raise taxes on those who create the jobs. This is not just counterproductive, it is absolutely absurd.  That brings me to my second point, which is this: The only reason we are talking about extending a temporary cut in the payroll tax right now, the only reason we are even talking about extending unemployment insurance right now is because President Obama's economic policies have failed working Americans.  Democrats and liberal pundits are fond of saying that Republicans are rooting against the economy, but it is easy to refute that one. If Republicans wanted the economy to stall, we would just stand on the side lines and wave through everything the President and his Democratic allies in Congress propose. That is what the Democrats did for the first 2 years of the President's term, and now we are living with the results. Unemployment is still stuck at around 9 percent, 14 million Americans are looking for work and can't find it, millions more are underemployed or have given up on finding a job altogether, and here we are, 3 years into this Presidency, still talking about temporary stimulus measures.  Republicans will put aside their misgivings and support this extension not because we believe, as the President does, that another short-term stimulus will turn this economy around but because we know it will give some relief to struggling workers out there who continue to need it nearly 3 years into this Presidency. Americans should not have to suffer any more than they already are for the Democrats' failed economic policies.  Republicans reject the idea that the way to help people is for the government to write them a check every once in a while or adjust their pay stub at a time of our choosing. We think it is time to get past the idea that government should be the sole arbiter of people's futures and livelihoods. We need to get government out of the business of picking winners and losers, and that is why Republicans think the real answer is broad-based tax reform that clears out the deductions and the loopholes and the special carve-outs for those who are rich enough or politically connected enough to benefit from it.  If one is a small business owner, we don't think they should have to have an army of tax lawyers on staff to figure out how to keep their business profitable and their employees on the payroll. If one is an individual, they should not have to hire an accountant to keep from getting ripped off by the IRS. We think Americans are ready for tax reform that makes the system fair for everybody, that levels the playing field so people in small businesses can compete without having to beg for favors or beg for loopholes. We are going to keep pressing for it, and part of that is looking beyond these temporary stimulus measures.  Let's be very clear about this. The Democrats' quick-fix approach has failed. Nearly 3 years have passed since Democrats passed the mother of all stimulus bills, and we have 1.3 million fewer jobs in this country than we had when the President signed it into law. Yet they are still at it. Republicans in the House have passed an avalanche of legislation aimed at liberating the private sector and getting the economy growing again. It all dies at the Senate door. Democrats are not interested. With Democrats in control of two-thirds of the government in Washington, all we get is more temporary stimulus and calls to raise taxes on the very people we are counting on to jolt this economy back to life. That is why we are standing here 3 years into this administration still talking about temporary stimulus measures paid for by permanent tax hikes--temporary stimulus measures paid for by permanent tax hikes.  Democrats don't seem interested in doing anything that will lead to economic growth. They are stuck on stimulus. They are stuck on government. They are stuck on economic policies that have already failed. So we are not arguing against extending the payroll tax cut. We just think it should not be punishing job creators to pay for it. We think that if this kind of temporary relief engineered at some lawmakers' whim is the sum and substance of Democrats' plan for getting this economy going again, we are in trouble.  The American people don't want a temporary allowance from Democrats in Washington. They want us to get out of the way, to lift the burdens to growth so they can get this economy going. That is why Republicans are proposing a very different approach to paying for this extension. We can maintain this tax relief without raising taxes on job creators. If past experience shows us anything, it is that Washington will only spend every dime it gets and then some anyway, when we need to find a solution that doesn't give more power to Washington. We will never get this economy going or help people create the wealth and jobs America needs if we continue to allow Washington to dictate all the rules of the game when it comes to our economy. At the end of the day, the real question in this debate isn't whether lawmakers in Washington should or should not extend some temporary stimulus but whether the American people should continue to allow Washington to have so much power over their lives. That is what this debate is about.  