 President, I am just going to make one final point on this issue, and then I want to address another amendment we will be voting on at some point.  One thing we have not discussed is what happens if the foreign enemy combatant in the article III court in the United States is actually acquitted. If he is, he, of course, has to be released. The deportation option is only available if some other country is willing to take him. There is not a whole lot of clamoring for these kinds of folks anywhere else in the world. We have had that experience. The courts then cannot keep them. They are released into the United States as a result of an acquittal in an article III court in the United States, and there is a situation where you cannot deport them because no one will take them.  I think the point is that this is all totally unnecessary. These are foreigners; these are not citizens of the United States. They have no right to be in an article III court. We don't dispute that the President can put them in an article III court, but why would he want to do that? We responded to the decision of the Supreme Court to set up these military commissions for this precise purpose, and it is clear this administration does not want to use them.  I also would like to make some brief comments about a matter we will be voting on later this evening. Everybody here in this body knows the American people want us to do something about the jobs crisis. What Republicans have been saying is that raising taxes on business owners is not the way to do it. So what we have done is we have combed through the President's latest stimulus bill looking for things we can actually support, for things that do not punish the very people we are counting on to create jobs. In other words, since the President never asked if there was anything in this legislation we could support, we have actually done it ourselves.  It turns out there is a very sensible provision in the President's second stimulus bill that would help businesses across the country. In fact, it is absolutely identical to a bill Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts introduced with 30 cosponsors earlier this year, many of them Democrats, among them Senators Franken, Begich, Klobuchar, Pryor, Tester, and McCaskill. They are all cosponsors of Senator Scott Brown's bill.  What this bill does is it repeals an existing requirement that government agencies at the State, local, and Federal level withhold 3 percent of every payment to any contractor with whom they do business. This is money contractors may very well end up getting back from the IRS at some point long after the job is done, but in the meantime the government gets to hold on to it instead of allowing the businesses to invest it in jobs and the economy. This is money these companies could be putting toward hiring workers and growing their businesses, but it is going to the IRS instead, basically as a zero-interest loan to the Federal Government here in Washington.  I know Members on both sides of the aisle are hearing from constituents about how burdensome this regulation is. That is why President Obama himself already embraced delaying its implementation in his first stimulus bill and proposed delaying it again in his latest stimulus bill. That is why Senator Scott Brown got so many Democratic sponsors when he proposed a full repeal.  Like the President's bill, this bill is fully offset, and the offset we are proposing has been supported by our friends across the aisle. In fact, the last time I saw a vote, I think 81 Senators actually voted for it. So the bill we are proposing is bipartisan. The offset we are proposing is bipartisan. There is no reason in the world that our Democratic friends, including the President, certainly, should oppose it. If delaying this legislation was a good idea before, repealing it should be an even better idea now. The bill is supported by hundreds of business groups representing job creators across America. We should come together and act right now and make it easier for them to create jobs for a change, and not harder.  The President asked us to come together and pass pieces of this bill. Hereis one that all Senators should be able to agree on. Let's vote on it and prove the skeptics wrong by acting in a bipartisan fashion on something that the job creators in this country actually want.  I yield the floor.  