 President, I think most Americans are proud that the man who orchestrated the 9/11 attacks and then reveled in the horror of that day is dead.  Today, we recognize the dedicated work of the many intelligence professionals, law enforcement officials, and the many men and women in our armed services who brought us to this day.  The pursuit of Osama bin Laden spanned more than a decade. Following the attacks of September 11, the Senate voted 98 to 0 to authorize the use of force against al-Qaida--an authorization that is still in force today.  At the time, President Bush enjoyed the support of a nation united behind the decision to pursue al-Qaida and to drive the Taliban from power.  We should be equally united today in honoring those brave Americans who are committed to preventing further attacks upon our homeland.  While bin Laden and his followers were building their terror networks, we were patiently and diligently building our intelligence capabilities.  Following the successful raid on Sunday, those who remain committed to al-Qaida and associated terrorist groups should know that one day they too will share bin Laden's fate.  Some might think the success of this raid means the end of the war on terror. But as the President has said, the death of Osama bin Laden does not mean the death of al-Qaida. Our intelligence community and armed services must keep up the pressure on al-Qaida and associated terror networks.  Osama bin Laden launched this war on the false assumption that America didn't have the stomach for the fight. On Sunday night, he learned how wrong he was.  This week, America showed the world we meant it when we said we would not rest until justice was done to those who carried out the 9/11 attacks.  A generation of patriots has pursued al-Qaida for more than a decade, driven by the idea that every day is September 12, 2001. That spirit must persist.  Once again, I commend the President on his decision to go through with this mission. Above all, I thank the remarkable group of men who carried it out.  Not to be forgotten are the thousands of uniformed Americans in Afghanistan, Iraq, and across the globe, defending America's interests as we consider this resolution today.  The resolution reaffirms the Senate's commitment to eliminating safe havens for terrorists in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and we are reminded of the difficult work that remains. But today, those who remember the horror of 9/11 take a certain satisfaction knowing that the last thing Osama bin Laden saw in this world was a small team of Americans who shot him dead. The brave team who killed bin Laden made their Nation proud, and they deserve the Senate's recognition and its praise.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  