  I wish to commend the Speaker of the House, John Boehner, for his determination and perseverance.  It wasn't easy, but Speaker Boehner has been working tirelessly over the past few months and especially over these past few days to build consensus within his party and to pass a bill through the House that would end this crisis and take an important step toward getting our fiscal house in order.  While Democrats in the Senate have been over here plotting about how they can prevent a solution to this crisis, Speaker Boehner rolled up his sleeves and did the hard work needed to prevent the crisis. So I thank him for taking his responsibilities as a legislator, as a leader, and as a citizen so seriously and getting the job done. He and the other Republicans in the House have now passed two bills that would not only end this crisis, but would actually do something about its root cause.  They know as well as I do that Washington cannot continue to borrow 40 cents of every dollar it spends and not expect a reckoning. It may not be this Tuesday. But unless we do something to rein in our spending and our debt an even bigger crisis will come. That is why House Republicans have insisted on including a provision in the legislation they just passed that would only allow Congress to raise the debt ceiling if it also passes a law that requires Washington to balance its books.  This isn't exactly a radical proposal.  If Congress's inability to live within its means is the reason for this crisis, then why not pass a law that requires it? It makes perfect sense to almost everybody in America except a few hundred Democrats in Washington.  But that has been the story of this whole summer.  A lot of people look at Washington right now and say what they are seeing is a dysfunctional government. This isn't dysfunction. What you see in Washington right now is Democrats refusing to admit they've got a spending problem, and fighting any attempt to get it under control.  That is what this is all about.  Just take a look at what has been happening here in the Senate over the past 48 hours.  Rather than do their duty and come up with a bill that can pass, Senate Democrats have been busy ginning up opposition to everything else. Senate Democrats have not offered a single solution to this crisis that has a chance of passing either Chamber in Congress. Think about that: we have been staring at this deadline for months. And the majority party in the Senate hasn't even made the effort to come up with a solution that could pass a Chamber they control!  They have put all their energy into defeating everything else.  The majority leader claims he has a plan.  Well, here is what it does.  It asks Congress to make the largest debt ceiling increase in history, without paying for it.  It creates a committee that has no real power to generate more savings down the road.  And it doesn't require us to balance our books.  Until yesterday, the only reason Senate Democrats had for opposing the House bill was that it didn't raise the debt limit beyond the next Presidential election.  Yesterday, they came up with another excuse. They said the debt limit increase doesn't last long enough to provide certainty to the markets.  Leave aside the fact that Democrats have spent the last 2\1/2\ years perfecting the art of creating economic uncertainty.  Leave that aside.  The fact is, of the 31 times the debt limit has been raised over the past 25 years, 22 lasted less than a year. And I don't recall any of the Democrats who voted for those increases expressing any concern about economic uncertainty.  The simple truth is this: Senate Democrats have no good reason whatsoever for opposing the bill the House just passed.  This bill was actually negotiated in direct consultation with the Democrat leaders who now claim to oppose it.  You want proof? Well, ask yourself this: why does the Reid bill have the same title as the bill the House just passed? Coincidence? Why do the two bills contain pages of identical text? Coincidence? Look through it yourself.  Look at the Democrat priorities that are in there. How do you think they got in there?  I will tell you how: because they put them in there.  So it is an absolute mystery to me why any Democrat in the Senate would have opposed that bill.  There isn't an argument against it that is left standing. And we would all be voting to approve it right now if President Obama hadn't told Democrats to oppose it last weekend. The only reason--the only reason--we areeven still talking about this crisis is because the President of the United States doesn't want to have another debate about his own fiscal recklessness before his next election.  One more thing.  Just so there is no doubt that Democrats in Congress have abdicated their responsibility by failing to produce a solution of their own, I have a suggestion. Let's test out the Reid bill. Let's call it up and vote on it tonight. See how it does. Let's see the fruits of the Democrats' labors. Let's see what they came up with as this crisis approached.  The Speaker has sent over two bills that could end this crisis now. Let's call up the majority leader's bill and see if it will fly. And if it doesn't, then let's take up the House bill, pass it, and end this crisis now.  But Republicans have done our job.  Mr. President, I just wanted to ask my friend one more time. We have here a situation where the Senate has voted to table, in effect, the House-passed measure and the majority leader has filled up the tree and filed cloture on his proposal. As I indicated earlier, every single member of my conference here in the Senate would be happy to move up that vote.  As we all know, the markets are waiting to see if we are going to act. It strikes me that it might make sense for all of us on a bipartisan basis to go on and act as rapidly as possible. I believe every Member of the Senate has pretty well determined how they would vote on cloture on the motion to proceed to my friend's measure. Therefore, I would again ask consent that we immediately proceed to a vote on invoking cloture on the Reid amendment.  