 President, reserving the right to object, I listened carefully to what my good friend the majority leader had to say, and he was talking about other matters debated at other times--the first stimulus bill, on which I think we probably have a basic disagreement. I think it was almost a total failure. He also talked about the debate we had with regard to the continuing resolution, which was finally worked out on a bipartisan basis. But those are things that occurred in the past.  What I am trying to do here today by suggesting that we vote on the President's jobs bill which my good friend the majority leader has previously introduced and I gather by way of introduction supports, that we honor the request of the President of the United States to vote on it now. He has been asking us repeatedly over the last few weeks to vote on it now. If my friend the majority leader is saying he doesn't want to honor the President's request and vote on it now but would like to consider voting on it later, that is something he and I can discuss as we decide how to move forward with Senate business.  But I think the President of the United States, whose policies I, generally speaking, do not support--although I am happy to support his initiatives on trade, be they ever so late--is entitled to know where the Senate stands on his proposal that he has been out talking about over and over in the last few weeks, suggesting that we are unwilling to vote on it.  What I am saying is, we don't agree that it is the right policy, but we are more than willing to vote on it. What I hear my friend the majority leader saying is that even though he supports it, he wants to vote on it some other time. Well, the President has been saying he doesn't want to vote on it some other time, he wants to vote on it now.  If my friend is saying we are not going to vote on it now, I would be happy to talk to him and reach an understanding to vote on it later. But my feeling here is that the least we can do for the President is give him a chance to have a vote on his proposal now, as he has requested on numerous occasions. So I will object to the modification, understanding full well the majority leader and I, off the floor, will have further discussions about when we might move to the President's bill and give him the vote he has been requesting.  