 But with regard to comments about how we got to this place, let me just say, first to my good friend from Nevada, on several occasions I heard both him and the President of the United States talk about how much was accomplished in the last Congress. I am often perplexed as to which was the case. Either an extraordinary amount of legislation was passed and signed or the Senate was obstructing. They could not both be true.  I suspect the real view that most historians will have is that the last Congress passed a great deal of very significant legislation. Then we had a referendum on that November 2, and the American people changed the equation.  Without getting back into that or a litany of complaints by the minority--the Senate has heard them before. The principal complaint the minority has had over the last 2 years is the number of times the tree has been filled and we have been unable to offer amendments. We are all aware of grievances on both sides.  As is often the case in the Senate, we have worked together through Senator Alexander and Senator Schumer to come to an agreement as to how the Senate will go forward and the procedures that will be employed. We will have votes later, consistent with the precedents of the Senate, at the thresholds that are required under Senate rules. Then we will move on with the people's business.  I am optimistic that my good friend, the majority leader, and I can convince our colleagues that we ought to get back to operating as the Senate did as recently as 3 or 4 years ago. When bills came up, they were open for amendments, we voted on amendments, and at some point the bill would be completed. I know we can do that. I think it is the right way for the Senate to operate.  I thank my friend, the majority leader, for his leadership in working through this difficult period of rules consideration.  I say to my colleagues in closing that the colloquy which we will have will reflect the entirety of our understanding as to how we go forward. Then we will have the votes later which will give the Senate a chance to go on record about some changes that have been agreed to and some that are being proposed that are not agreed to.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  