Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this misguided amendment to restrict the ability of the Agency for International Development [AID] to fund the CAMPFIRE program [Communal Area Management Programme For Indigenous Resources].  While I am not normally an advocate of foreign aid, CAMPFIRE has been one of the most successful programs ever funded by the Agency for International Development.  In fact, it has been so successful that the program, which started in Zimbabwe, has been adopted by other African countries, including Botswana, Namibia, Malawi, Mozambique, Tanzania, and Zambia.  What is the CAMPFIRE program? In short, it is an initiative to improve the standard of living among Africa's poorest rural farmers by giving them an economic stake in the wildlife resources of their country. Under CAMPFIRE, villagers receive a direct economic benefit from their wildlife and, therefore, a powerful incentive to conserve those resources.  In some rural areas, CAMPFIRE provides up to 90 percent of the money villagers use to build and maintain their homes, hospitals, and schools. Without CAMPFIRE, many Africans and numerous wildlife species, including elephants, face a bleak future.  Under the CAMPFIRE program, a village receives a percentage of the money collected from the proceeds from wildlife management. For instance, if a sport hunter wants to shoot a Cape buffalo or an African elephant, it will cost him thousands of dollars. Prior to CAMPFIRE, all this money went directly to the central government in Harare. Today, a significant percentage of those funds remains at the local level and the villagers themselves, in a democratic process, decide how this money will be spent. This is the essence of the CAMPFIRE program is local control of wildlife and financial incentives, which result in effective conservation programs.  The CAMPFIRE program is strongly supported by not only the Clinton administration but also such major conservation organizations as the African Wildlife Foundation, International Union for the Conservation of Nature, International Union for Conservation of Nature, National Wildlife Federation, Safari Club International, the World Wildlife Fund, and the International Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies. These entities enthusiastically support this program because they recognize that:  Seven million people in Southern Africa have directly benefited from programs like CAMPFIRE.  In Zimbabwe, 5,000 to 10,000 jobs have been created and 33 percent of the land in that country is now devoted to wildlife management.  The population of African elephants has increased in Zimbabwe from 45,000 to more than 66,000 today and poaching in CAMPFIRE areas has been stopped.  The number of households participating in CAMPFIRE has grown from 9,000 in 1989 to about 105,000 in 1995.  The number of elephants shot in CAMPFIRE areas has decreased since its introduction from 300 per year to 130 in 1996.  Our Nation's support of the CAMPFIRE program allows thousands of people to improve their livelihoods, to provide education and the most basic health care for their children, and to effectively manage their wildlife resources.In addition, it encourages the growth of democratic ideals.  It is not a coincidence that elephant populations have increased under CAMPFIRE, and it would be a terrible mistake to end AID's essential investment in this innovative program. In the final analysis, CAMPFIRE and programs like it are Africa's best hope for conserving its wildlife resources and providing its population with a bright future.  I urge a no vote on the Fox/Miller amendment.  