Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 412, Congressman Doc Hastings' bill to approve a settlement in a lawsuit filed by the Oroville-Tonasket Irrigation District against the Bureau of Reclamation.  This is a lawsuit which should not have happened. The Bureau of Reclamation was charged with designing and building an irrigation system for the District in north-central Washington State. Although the original canal and flume system date from the early 1900's, Congress has authorized rehabilitation, repair, redesign, and construction of new works in 1962, 1976, and 1987 in ever increasing amounts. But the system has never worked as promised. In 1990, the Bureau told the District that it was washing its hands of the system and sought repayments of approximately $300,000 per year for the District's small share of the project. However, the District refused payment, arguing that the irrigation system does not work as planned and that the project operation and maintenance costs were much higher than the Bureau of Reclamation had led them to believe. The District has filed two lawsuits in this case, the latest seeking $51 million in damages and forgiveness of its repayment obligations.  I don't blame the District for withholding payment, because as you can see from the photographs of the project displayed in the chamber, this project is a turkey. I am also embarrassed for the Bureau, which has had decades to make this irrigation system work and failed. The District believes it can make the system deliver usable water by repairing it at a lower cost than the Federal Government. The Government agrees and is also seeking to be relieved of what could be substantial liability for this faulty system.  CBO believes enactment of H.R. 412 will probably save the U.S. Treasury and the taxpayers money. The vast majority of the project costs are not borne by the District, but the Bonneville Power Administration and by any calculation the District is foregoing much more in claims than is the Federal Government. This is not a give-away of a Federal asset, as some might have you believe.  Therefore, I ask Members to support H.R. 412 as reported from the Committee on Resources. The bill has bipartisan support from Members, the Administration, and even Citizens Against Government Waste. Let's put an end to this public works nightmare and settle what could be an expensive, protracted lawsuit.  