Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  In December, representatives of 150 nations will gather in Kyoto, Japan, to sign a successor treaty to the United Nations 1992 framework convention on climate change. Today, as we anticipate this important event, we will debate a nonbinding measure putting the House on record as supporting proper management of our Nation's forests to maximize the reduction of greenhouse gases, among other important objectives. This resolution is similar to the Byrd-Hagel resolution passed by the Senate earlier this year that put them on record opposing any treaty that would cause serious economic harm to the United States.  Everyone agrees that we must have clean environment, but we must do it in a way that does not impair or harm our economy. This resolution represents the fact we can have both a healthy environment and a vibrant economy.  By the Clinton-Gore administration's own economic model, the effect of mandatory reductions of greenhouse gases would be devastating to this economy of ours. The United States has an obligation to defend the rights of people who inhabit our planet. It seems that officials representing the United States in the climate change treaty negotiations have lost sight of that duty. Science has proven to us that carbon dioxide, the leading greenhouse gas, can be taken out of the atmosphere by properly managing our forests. Carbon dioxide is kept out of the atmosphere by harvesting the forest before it begins to decompose or burn, thus storing the carbon in wood products that are environmentally friendly, as well as providing an economic benefit to society.  The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which may commit the United States to mandatory greenhouse gas reductions, could lead to enormous burdens and costs on the American people, the economy, and our way of life. The key issue is whether the Clinton-Gore administration will commit the United States to mandatory reductions of carbon dioxide.  Mandatory reductions will cost taxpayers billions of dollars and will cost many Americans their jobs. There are alternatives to mandatory reductions of carbon emissions. The alternative we bring before the Congress today is to properly manage our forests in order to take from the atmosphere carbon dioxide.  This means using the controls on greenhouse gases that Mother Nature gives to us rather than controls that Government mandates for us to follow. For that reason, we would move to agree on House Concurrent Resolution 151 and urge our colleagues to give it their full support.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  (