Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Dreier] for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I was not going to speak on the rule, but I do support this rule. There is a need for this quasi-modified rule to make sure we expedite this process. But I cannot stand by and listen to my good friend, the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] make the statements he has made, because we have worked on this legislation for four years.  As I told the chairman of the Committee on Rules the other day, I think they have gone too far as far as this negotiation process. But this is an attempt to listen to the local people, and we have done that. In fact, the Friends of the Plumas Wilderness Society, who have filed 15 lawsuits, 15 lawsuits to stop every logging operation in this area, now support my substitute.  I have a whole list of other people that support this legislation, and not the industry itself but the community that lives there. And, yes, this forest is endangered, not from logging but because of fire and mismanagement by the U.S. Forest Service.  It has finally dawned on people, we cannot manage this from Washington, D.C. This is a national asset, but we cannot manage it from those people who live here in Washington, D.C. or even the Congress that live outside. We ought to start listening to the people. This is what we are doing in this legislation. For the first time, we are bringing all parties together, not just this Congress but the parties that live there, the environmental community.  And may I just clear one up thing. There are no clear-cuts under my substitute at all, and no tree over 31 inches can be cut under my substitute, 31 inches in diameter. By the way, the substitute of the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller], keep in mind now he says he is doing what the Administration wants, and I am shocked. Because under my substitute, we protect the roadless areas. We protect those areas. And under the substitute of the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller], he does not protect the wilderness areas.  Then we have the environmental impact statements. This is one thing I cannot quite understand about this administration and the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller]. My substitute gives one EIS and four smaller EIS statements. Take a look at page 8 or 10 of my substitute. Right there is a total of 5 environmental impact statements. Under the Miller substitute, the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] offers one environmental impact statement. One, that is all he offers.  I never thought I would see the day the gentleman from Alaska [Mr. Young] was out-environmentaling the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller]. That shocks me to death.  We keep talking about riparian restoration. The Miller substitute removes my provision of more funding for riparian rights, riparian recovery in this bill. May I suggest, we took the exact language from the administration, the exact language Jack Ward Thomas proposed. That is the language we used, the language the administration supports, so I do not know what the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] is talking about.  We have communicated with the administration. We have communicated with the environmental community. We communicated with the industry itself. We communicated with the local people. We sat down with the Quincy Library Group and put together a good piece of legislation.  And may I close by saying, yes, our national forests are in terrible, deplorable shape, not because they were logged, but because this administration and, yes, other administrations decided that every area could live naturally. That may have been so many, many years ago. But look at the fires. I ask my colleagues to read the papers on fires that are occurring in California today and the fires that occur all the way around the Northwest, in Idaho, Utah, yes, even Alaska. Look at the volatility of those fires and the destruction that occurs. What happens after the fire, the soil is basically dead for our trees.  Every science that talks to us about our forests tells us we must start managing the forests, we must start looking at all alternatives, and this is what this bill does. It is a good, sound environmental bill. Remember, I remind you, the local environmentalists support this legislation.  Yes, the national environmentalists oppose it. You know why? Because they lose their control, and this is what this is all about, control. The environmental so-called community around Washington, DC, it knows nothing about the environment.  Let us start listening to the local people. Let us start listening to those that live there. Let us start saving our forests and our wildlife and the heritage we should leave to future generations.  