Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1948 is the result of several months of work on a land exchange proposal to help the City and Borough of Sitka, Alaska, to develop new economic opportunities.  Sitka is located in southeast Alaska, and is not accessible by road. Its major source of year-round jobs for several decades was a pulp mill which shut down in 1993.  The land for the pulp mill site was originally granted to the Alaska Pulp Corporation in 1960. However, the Federal Government retained a reversionary interest in it. This means that the United States may take ownership of the site if there is no timber processing on it for 5 consecutive years.  With the mill closure, the property cannot be used for anything other than timber processing, even though it is one of the best available locations for new economic development in Sitka.  The closure has several severe effects on the local economy. Year-round jobs were lost, the tax rolls took a hit, and people moved out of the city, to name a few.  Sitka has taken a number of steps to revitalize the community. An important component of this effort is toreuse the pulp mill land in order to offset the job losses. Since the Federal reversionary interest clouds the ownership status of the land, the site cannot be put to productive use. H.R. 1948 takes care of this problem through a land exchange between the company and the United States.  Under the legislation, the Federal reverter interest in the pulp mill will be removed. In exchange, APC will convey to the United States a spectacular inholding it holds on Hood Bay, within Admiralty Island National Monument. The Hood Bay property is a prime parcel of land that the Forest Service seeks to acquire, and it will be incorporated into the wilderness.  Finally, the bill also conveys a portion of the mill site land to the city of Sitka, which currently has an easement on the property for its hydro project and water supply system.  The Committee on Resources held a hearing on this legislation during the August recess. Major concerns were raised and resolved. The result is a fair exchange which benefits Sitka as well as Admiralty Island National Monument.  The committee ordered H.R. 1948 reported with an amendment on September 10, 1997, by a unanimous voice vote. The bill is in the best interests of the Federal Government and of Sitka. I look forward to its passing.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  