Mr. Chairman, the bill before us is H.R. 478, the Flood Prevention and Family Protection Act of 1997.  The Committee on Resources reported the bill to the House on April 10 by 29 votes, including 6 Democratic votes.  As my colleagues know, in the last Congress I made the reauthorization and reform of the Endangered Species Act a top priority of my committee. I am one of the few Members, in fact probably the second Member of this whole body, who voted for the Endangered Species Act in 1973.  I have supported the goals of the Endangered Species Act throughout my 25 years in Congress. However, as an early supporter I can tell my colleagues that today, 24 years later, I am sorely disappointed in the way that this law, with its good goal, has been abused by environmentalists, both in and out of our Government, who use this law not to protect wildlife and endangered species, but to control the use of lands. I believe the professional environmentalists have taken an extreme position on this bill, favoring beetles and their habitat over the protection of human life, property, and environment.  May I stress that in California, the big flood break that started there is because we were trying to mitigate where the Corps of Engineers said it had to be fixed, an area that had beetle habitat. And after 6 years they finally said: Yes, you can repair. After $10 million, we can repair the levee next summer. Guess what? The levee broke, as the Corps said it would break. Right here, right here is the statement, 6 years later the levee did break. We lost three lives and millions of dollars of damage done to private property and the agricultural base of California. Guess what? We even lost the elderberry bush. So what did we accomplish? Nothing.  Now, I am going to suggest to my colleagues that H.R. 478 by the gentleman from California [Mr. Pombo] and the gentleman from California [Mr. Herger] is a solution to a problem. All it does is give us the authority to in fact maintain levees, maintain levees. My colleagues will hear later on today about an amendment that says great things but does nothing. In fact, it makes it worse than it is right now.  So I am asking all of my colleagues in this room to keep in mind my position. First, the process, the committee process, and second, do we truly cherish human life, do we cherish the property, and should we put up roadblocks under an agency with a law that cherishes beetles over human life? We lost the elderberry bush, we lost lives, in fact, we lost great amounts of tax dollars.  The amendment later on to be offered by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Boehlert] says yes, we can repair the levee after the break or we can repair the levee or work on it if it is in imminent danger right now. No one defines who spells that out. Nor in fact will it give us an opportunity to maintain a levee prior to.  I come from an area in California, originally born there, and I went through four floods. I am going to suggest respectfully, for those that say that this bill is gutting the Endangered Species Act, I ask my colleagues, did they vote for the Endangered SpeciesAct? No. The gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] did not vote for it; the gentleman from California [Mr. Farr] did not vote for it; the gentleman from New York [Mr. Boehlert] did not vote for it. I did.  I went through the hearing process. I knew what was intended. What we are trying to do is fix a small part of the Endangered Species Act and make it more logical and it can be applied to the protection of human life and property that must be protected. That is our responsibility.  Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Boehlert] and very frankly a big ``yes'' vote on H.R. 478.  