Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume to say to my colleague that I have heard some great demagoguery in my life, but that is one of the best, because this amendment only applies to commercial:       In this section, the term ``international agreement'' means      any treaty, compact, executive agreement, convention,      bilateral agreement, or multilateral agreement between the      United States or any agency of the United States and any      foreign entity or agency of any foreign entity, having a      primary purpose of conserving, preserving, or protecting the      terrestrial or marine environment flora, or fauna.  That is all this does. This is just a great platform for my good friend from California [Mr. Miller] to talk about the evils of mining, the terrible things that occur. It has nothing to do with this bill. It is a great smokescreen, and I compliment him on it. It is one of those issues that I am very pleased to say that I hope everybody could see through it.  This amendment is a mischievous amendment. It does nothing. I am tempted to vote for the silly thing, because it does nothing, it means nothing. It is a disaster when it comes to having taken the time to put this in this bill. As I told the Parliamentarian, and in fact, it is out of order if that is what it really does, because it does not do that with the amendment.  The amendment is an innocuous little amendment, but it gives them a platform to talk and pontificate on the terrible evils of the mining law. My good friend from West Virginia, [Mr. Rahall], now, he does not have any foreign people digging the mountains out in West Virginia, no; destroying the environment, no. Those are not foreign countries, and in fact, they are all pure, homemade countries, but they are destroying West Virginia, but that is all right. But do not mess with the public lands. Lock it up so his price of coal goes up and his people get rich.  I do not blame him, but I am suggesting respectfully, that is a little hypocritical.  