Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. This is a classic example of overreaction by Congress. This is curing a sprained ankle with a sledgehammer.  The gentleman from Oklahoma is trying to solve a problem that exists in a very few instances. I am told that a few Indian businesses are selling large amounts of tobacco and motor fuels without collecting State and local sales and excise taxes. I can appreciate how this gives a competitive advantage to a few Indian businesses.  I will support legislation which will straighten out this problem to the satisfaction of the States and local communities as well as the tribes.  However, I cannot support this amendment because it would place a limitation on appropriated funds that will adversely affect all Indian tribes.  Most lands being taken into trust have nothing whatsoever to do with taxes or commercial businesses. Most lands being taken into trust are small home sites which lie within an existing Indian reservation, parcels of nontrust land scattered from one end of a reservation to the other. Out west this is a very common land ownership pattern and is called checkerboarded land ownership. Administering these checkerboarded lands is a nightmare both for the States and the tribes.  Let me point out that small parcels of Indian land are still going out of trust every year. As a matter of fact, more land is going out of trust each year than is being taken into trust. In 1996, for example, 130,000 acres of land went out of trust and only 55,000 acres were taken into trust.  For decades the Interior Department has been trying to block up these checkerboard lands by taking back into trust those lands purchased by tribes which were originally part of a reservation and then went out of trust under the 1887 General Allotment Act.  The effect of this amendment would be catastrophic for any Indian tribe which has spent years and years and thousands and thousands of dollars buying back their lands. In many instances, these lands purchased by tribes will have little value to anybody unless they are taken into trust.  Tribes are doing this for reasonable, practical purposes. The Bureau of Indian Affairs operates law enforcement programs, road maintenance programs, environmental services programs, real estate services programs, water resources programs, and a large number of other programs which only apply to trust lands. Tribes want their members living on these lands to benefit from these programs.  Trust status defines the jurisdictional powers exercised by a tribal government. It also defines the extent of State jurisdiction. It determines Federal criminal jurisdiction.  The gentleman from Oklahoma wants to solve a commercial tax problem which many of the States have already solved. I am told that even the State of Oklahoma has worked out most of its tax problems with most of its tribes.  This amendment, however, ignores all of these State solutions. Instead, this amendment would completely eliminate the Secretary of the Interior's ability to take any land into trust, in any State for any reason.   Mr. Chairman, this sledgehammer approach is wrong and I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to oppose the Istook amendment because it improperly interferes with established practices for placing Indian lands into trust. In addition, the Interior appropriations bill is not the place to consider this ill-advised amendment.  Our country has struggled to address the needs of native Americans who lost more than 90 million acres near the turn of the century. But we have arrived at a process that works under the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934. The Secretary of the Interior is able to consider applications to place Indian land in trust. Placing land in trust is intended to promote self-determination and economic self-sufficiency for tribes. It is important to keep in mind that 40 percent of applications to place land in trust are not approved. In addition, many acres of land are removed from trust status each year. In 1995, more than 130,000 acres went out of trust while only 55,000 acres went into trust.  The Istook amendment rewrites the process for placing lands in trust and could unfairly block Indian lands from entering trust status. It would backtrack on the principle that relations between native Americans and the United States should be at the level of the Federal Government, rather than at the State level where, historically, Indian tribes have been treated fairly. Under the Istook amendment, a State would only need to refuse to negotiate with an Indian tribe in order to block that tribe's lands from being placed in trust.  Finally, the Istook amendment should be opposed on procedural grounds alone. This amendment constitutes a substantial revision of policy toward native American lands that ought not to be attached to the Interior appropriations bill. But at the very least, it should be fully considered before the House makes such a dramatic policy change. Unfortunately, hearings have not been held on the Istook amendment, nor was it considered by the Interior Subcommittee or the full Appropriations Committee.  I urge my colleagues to vote against the Istook amendment.  