Madam Speaker, I have been listening to this thing with great interest. If my colleagues read the bill, it is a very simple and very good bill.  It limits the President's ability. Up to or below 50,000 acres, he can do anything he wants to do. If we read the Antiquities Act, it was never meant to be used as Jimmy Carter used it when they set aside 87 million acres in my State as a national monument. It was never meant to set Escalante aside. That was never the intent of the Antiquities Act. It was to save the Statue of Liberty or some historical house or something that was being threatened by, in fact, outside encroachment.  The most interesting thing I hear today is this body, especially that side, is willing to let the President run this country by himself when the Constitution says we have the authority, and only the Congress of the United States, to set aside and designate lands. I am not about to elect a king. He may think he is a king, but I say he is just a President and he has to answer to this Congress.  This gentleman from Utah puts it very clearly, that we now say, all right, sir, Mr. President, if there is a Statue of Liberty or a Washington Monument or Mount Vernon being threatened, he can declare that a national monument if they are not already. But if there is anything larger than 50,000 acres, which is bigger than the gentleman's district, then he has to come back to the Congress. And what is wrong with letting the Congress do the job instead of just letting the President do the job?  But more than Escalante, I want to tell my colleagues a little thing about Escalante. No one was consulted in the State of Utah. The Governor was not; our colleague was not. In fact, he was washed down the drain by this President on behalf of the environmental community. Washed out of this Congress. He was defeated because this President did not have the decency to communicate with those elected close by.  And by the way, it is not a monument. It is actually an area that is basically of little value other than the coal. It is ironic to me this large massive amount of coal is now off limits.  The second thing is there is private land involved here, 200,000 acres of land owned by the State of Utah, that is surrounded by, now, this monument. There are private land holdings within the monument that are no longer of any value. It is a taking without compensation.  We are trying to solve a problem that this President has abused; that Jimmy Carter abused. It is a bill that should be passed, and I would suggest, respectfully, let us go with the amendments that have been offered by the gentleman from Utah; let us pass this legislation; let us put, I suggest, Congress back in the role of selecting the lands that should be a monument.  