Mr. Chairman, I apologize to Members that there is a little confusion going on right now, but there has been some discussion in trying to reach an agreement with the administration. I have letters from the administration saying that they basically support the implication of this legislation, from Mr. Glickman, the Department of Environmental Quality. What we have been trying to do for the last hour is to work out some mutual agreement where I personally believe that we can, in fact, send this bill to the Senate and have the Senate take it up without any amendments and send it to the President.  Now, there may be some that may not agree with what has been done on both sides, but it is my belief it is the best way to try to solve these problems. Because I am a realist, and I recognize there are those that oppose this bill, especially the national environmental community, I understand that and I understand that there are those in the Senate who have the power, because their rules put holds on bills and nothing occurs, I think it is very important to get this pilot project on its way to become a law.  I have worked with the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] for the last hour, and we have been saying things to one another and discussing this, what we can accomplish. I am resentful of the administration, because I just got their letters about 10 minutes, 15 minutes ago. I think this is inappropriate on the part of the administration when this is their brainchild, when they thought this would be the way to go.  We have done everything possible to make this work. It is my belief, the way that this has been made up, that we have an opportunity now to really solve what was in my substitute but was a definition that appeases not only the administration but the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] and others that are involved.  Now, I will not say that we did not have the votes. I believe we had the votes to pass it in the House big time, and I understand that, but there is also a chance in the way this works, if we want to get this program in place, on time, working for the people, the Quincy Library Group and the people in that arena, we must try to solve the problems here on the floor of the House to give them that opportunity.  If these amendments destroy the intent of the bill and if it does not work, then we can always review it. We can come back and find out what is happening. But it is an attempt to make sure that we have a fledgling duckling turn into a beautiful swan. It is an opportunity to make this work.  I know there is some question about what we are doing here, and I apologize to those people, but this is the way this program works. This is a democracy. This is a legislative process, putting a package together that becomes a reality.  So with that, I would like to thank the gentleman from California and those involved. I would like to suggest respectfully, for those that are unaware of what we are doing, that this is really, I think, our opportunity to fulfill not only an obligation, although we can win on this floor, but we can go forward and have an opportunity on the Senate side and get this to the President of the United States and make sure that these local people are heard and done correctly.  If it does not work, we can come back and revisit it again. I do believe it will work.  