Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, the so-called Boehlert amendment, here, let me go through something. It fails to protect human life and the environment. It is too little too late. It allows only emergency repairs when disaster has already occurred or is threatening. By the way, it protects Federal employees from the ESA penalties for impacting habitat, but keeps the penalties for local officials. It ties their hands. They cannot maintain these levees.  By the way, it is only temporary. I want the gentleman from California [Mr. Fazio] to hear this, it is only temporary. It is only temporary. It is only temporary until 1998. It retains unfunded mandates on States and localgovernments, and frankly, would continue further delay through encouraging litigation. This is a charade of amendments. This is an amendment that does nothing. In fact, I do not know why the gentleman is even offering it. It does nothing, absolutely zero.  May I remind the gentleman, it says, ``This paragraph shall not apply after December 31, 1998.'' That says you only have time to repair the existing breaks, the ones that broke. I am not really worried about the ones that broke, and I feel sorry for the people, but I want to prevent those breaks and the dollars we have wasted. May I stress, $10 million was used to mitigate. They finally agreed last week to repair the levee. It was supposed to cost $3 million, now $13 million. The levee breaks, which we were told it was going to break, and we lose the lives, we lose the property, and guess what, we lost the habitat. We lost the habitat. We ought to be proud of what the ESA has been able to do.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment guts the so-called Herger-Pombo bill. I think that is really what they are trying to do is gut it. They are trying to put a charade out and trying to protect a few people who might be directly affected by supposedly not supporting the Pombo-Herger bill, but in reality, it does nothing. It, in fact, is worse, because it takes the California doctrine and applies it to the rest of the Nation.  As I have told people before, if they want California's problems and the bureaucracy, then vote for the Boehlert amendment. Mr. Chairman, I suggest respectfully, if Members want to solve a problem, then they will vote for the Herger-Pombo bill. They will make this bill a reality. They will make this bill save lives, save property.  By the way, I heard somebody today say we have to change the way man is living. We have to give more room to let the water go out and meander like it did back in the year 1600. Think about that a moment. That means the whole city of Houston is gone. Some people might like that. It means the whole city of New Orleans will be gone. I would not like that. It means probably Sacramento would be gone, too, period, and flooded out. I am sure the gentleman from California would not like that.  Probably, I might suggest respectfully, if we want to follow this theory of the so-called environmental groups who are supporting Boehlert, we all ought to be drowned. Think about that a moment. I will admit, I lived on a levee. I was born on the Sacramento River. I looked out on that river every morning when I got up. I watched it flood.  Yes, we could not dredge. I admit that now. Then we did. I will tell the Members something; those levees were built way back during the Gold Rush days. We rebuilt them. It has given California one of the finest standards of living in the world. It has protected people and property, and it is a system that does work.  We can talk about the thousands and thousands and thousands of acres and feet of water that go down and are wasted and going into the ocean, and by the way, I want the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] to hear that. We had a drought in California a few years ago, does the gentleman remember that? We had no water. Now they have water clear up to their elbows.  I am suggesting respectfully if they want to take and have the Endangered Species Act, stop repairing those levees, then, very frankly, they can vote for the Boehlert amendment. We can forget lives, we can forget property, we can forget those people that live all around this great Nation of ours near water flow.  I know some of us would like to have more wetlands. I know how they can create wetlands. They can flood Sacramento, the city of Sacramento, the capital, by the way; they can flood every major city, and they will have wetlands. I do not believe in that. I think it is important we allow this tool to be available for the local people, that this tool be available for the Federal people, so we can in fact solve the problems of the flood.  It is wrong not to maintain these levees. Some people say they did not cause the flood. We have documentation with the Corps of Engineers where they did say this area will break if it is not addressed, and it did break. So do not tell me that these areas did not create floods.  I will say, every break, by the way, is not caused by the Endangered Species Act, but we can have both. We can have the Endangered Species Act and we can have the people.  