Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, this bill has been a torture to get to the floor, primarily because of two issues that came under my jurisdiction, the Headwaters Forest acquisition of $250 million, and the New World Mine acquisition of $65 million.  I agreed to this position of the Headwaters authorization in this bill because of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Frank Riggs]. The gentleman from California, [Mr. Riggs], did an outstanding job conveying the fact that there has been a war in the Headwaters area for about 10 years, and it is time to solve this problem. So I considered this a very good point to solve the problem of the Headwaters, and remember, the President asked for this. We have given it to him, as we should.  The big reason I worked on the New World Mine is because of the gentleman from Montana, [Mr. Rick Hill], who is a member of my committee. The gentleman from Montana, [Mr. Hill], argued for months that Montana was going to lose 300 rural jobs and lose revenues because of the buyout the administration agreed to. I believe, very frankly, that the mine would have gone ahead.  But the gentleman from Montana has done an excellent job protecting Montana and providing jobs in his district. May I suggest, Mr. Speaker, we have heard some rumblings that the extremist fringes of the President's advisers may recommend vetoing this bill. If that occurs, I think we should send the President a clean bill, I mean strip everything out of it, send him down a bill with none of the so-called extras, including the money he wanted for the project I just spoke of.  So I will suggest, Mr. Speaker, that this conference report is a good conference report; tremendously hard to do, a tremendous effort put forth by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Yates], and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Regula]. I want to compliment them in their work, but especially these, the gentleman from California, [Mr. Riggs], and the gentleman from Montana, [Mr. Rick Hill].  