Mr. Chairman, Congressman Miller has offered similar fair market value amendments on the floor before.  In the 104th Congress, H.R. 535 transferred the title of the Corning National Fish Hatchery from the Department of the Interior to the State of Arkansas. In committee and on the floor, Mr. Miller offered an amendment much like the one he offers today to require the payment of fair market value before the asset is transferred. He also offered this same amendment to H.R. 584, which transferred the Fairport National Fish Hatchery from the Department of the Interior to the State of Iowa.  His amendments both failed resoundingly, in one case 96 to 315 the other by voice vote.  The arguments made against those amendments apply equally here:  First, the Federal Government does not want this asset--in this case the irrigation works. As you can see from the photographs displaying the deplorable state of the irrigation system and the harm that it has caused other public and private property, I can certainly see why the Federal Government is happy to transfer the works and avoid any past or future claims associated with its failure to operate.  Second, the recipient has made some investment in the project in the past and will make substantial financial commitments to the project in the future. The Oroville-Tonasket Irrigation District has already paid $350,000 and will be obligated to pay at least $14 million to repair deteriorating water pipes. This district is also waiving its claims against the Government, estimated even by the Bureau of Reclamation to be $4.5 million at a minimum. In addition, the district is accepting liability for third party claims associated with the project. Finally, the district is also accepting a reduction on the time and amount of power it will receive to help pump irrigation water. This is clearly not a case of something for nothing.  The district is a not-for-profit entity and having title to the project will allow it to raise the funds needed to repair the extensive piping system so that it will operate as promised by the Bureau of Reclamation.  Third, transferring the project under the bill as reported from the Resources Committee will likely save the Federal Government money--these are the words of the Congressional Budget Office, not mine. If the Miller amendment is adopted, the settlement agreement will be void and the parties will default to the courts. The Government will continue to be exposed to liability for damages. When the suit was filed in 1995, the irrigation district claimed $51 million in damages; these may have increased since then. In addition, the Government may ultimately pay for court costs and interest on the claims. These can be substantial. In the Whitney Benefits, Inc. versus U.S. case filed under the surface mining law, where the initial claim filed was for $60 million, the Government's failure to timely settle meant the U.S. Treasury was held liable for $150 million in principal and interest after 8 years of additional litigation. The Miller amendment will not save the taxpayers money but will only increase the exposure of the Federal purse and ultimately to the taxpayers.  Fourth, like the fish hatchery transferred under H.R. 535, it is unclear what, if any, fair market value the irrigation works have. It is not as though these works are portable sprinklers so that other purchasers could make use of them. They are gigantic, fixed pipes which have a single use--to supply water for irrigation to the Oroville-Tonasket region, a jobthese works do poorly. The water in the system already belongs to the district. I know that I would not be quick to purchase these faulty, single-purpose works even at fire sale prices and I can't imagine others would either. The fair market value is likely to be zero or less.  Fifth, opposition to transferring assets from Federal to local government ownership. Perhaps the real reason that this amendment is being offered is that its author is opposed to transferring any asset out of Federal ownership, whether a fish hatchery in Arkansas or an irrigation system in Washington. If this local government unit can repair and operate this Bureau of Reclamation facility and in doing so save the Federal Government money, then I say, let it.  The proponent of the amendment also argues that this bill sets a dangerous precedent for future asset transfers. I should hope not, where the whole reason for the transfer is the total and complete failure of the Federal Government to design, build, and deliver a working irrigation system in the first place, an event I hope will be rare.  Therefore, I ask my colleagues to once again defeat this killer Miller amendment and allow the parties to settle this lawsuit.  