Mr. Speaker, on June 3 the House passed H.R. 1420 by a vote of 407 to 1. They approved the National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act. This measure is the result of 3 years of hard work by the Committee on Resources, the minority and majority. The gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] and myself and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Dingell] and other people were involved.  We conducted seven hearings and three markups on ways to improve our National Wildlife Refuge System. It is the culmination of successful negotiations between members of the committee, the administration, hunting and conservation and environmental groups.  The other body has now overwhelmingly approved the amended version of H.R. 1420. The three differences in the legislation include an expanded definition of the term ``compatible use'' tomean ``a wildlife-dependent recreational use or any other use of a refuge''; a requirement that the Secretary monitor the status and trends of fish, wildlife, and plants in each refuge; and a clarification requiring existing rights-of-way within refuges.  I have carefully reviewed these changes and find them acceptable. By approving this measure today, we will conclude the legislative process and send the bill to the President of the United States. By so doing, I am convinced we have enacted an organic act for our 509 wildlife refuge units that will serve our Nation well in the 21st century.  In the final analysis, this is a fine piece of conservation legislation that is true to the legacy of Theodore Roosevelt, and it reaffirms the National Wildlife System Act of 1966.  Before closing, again I would like to mention the people that have participated in this extraordinary effort: My good friend, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Dingell, who was one of the fathers of the Wildlife Refuge Act; the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Jim Saxton, the chairman of the subcommittee; the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. John Tanner; and the gentleman from California, Mr. Duke Cunningham.  I would like to recognize and express my appreciation to Secretary Bruce Babbitt; Majority Leader Trent Lott; the ranking minority member, the gentleman from California, Mr. George Miller, who cosponsored this bill; the leadership of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee; and all the conservation and environmental and hunting organizations supporting this effort.  Together we have been successful in crafting a bill that will effectively conserve and manage our fish and wildlife for the future, while allowing millions of Americans to enjoy wildlife-dependent recreation within our refuge system.  Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, and I urge an ``aye'' vote on H.R. 1420.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  