Mr. Chairman, H.R. 437 reauthorizes and amends the National Sea Grant College Program Act of 1966. This bill was introduced by Jim Saxton, and a number of Members, like me, who believe that this has been an effective Federal program.  Sea Grant was established in 1966 in order to improve our Nation's marine resource conservation efforts, to manage those resources more effectively, and to enhance their proper use. The program is patterned after the highly successful Land Grant College Program, which is familiar to many of our noncoastal Members.  For over 30 years, Sea Grant has successfully achieved its goals through a unique combination of research grants, marine advisory services, and education. Alaska's Sea Grant Program has improved our understanding of commercial fish stocks, the factors affecting the size and health of those stock, and the best economic uses for fishery resources. Using this information, we have developed effective management regimes, and we continue to create more jobs with fewer long-term impacts to our fisheries.  Alaska Sea Grant also supports a comprehensive Marine Advisory Service, which has provided industry training programs on topics ranging from marine safety and seafood technology, to business management for fishermen and shoreside support facilities. Through proper training, we ensure that our industries, businesses, and individuals who depend on productive fisheries can continue to do their jobs effectively. Ron Dearborn, who does an excellent job as Director of the Alaska Sea Grant College Program, is serving as president of the Sea Grant Association this year.  Sea Grant is a perfect example of the type of program that we should support. The program produces tangible results and, most importantly, it maximizes immediate and long-range returns by matching Federal investments with State and private funds.  Unfortunately, during the last Congress, the Resources and Science Committees were unable to reach an agreement on reauthorization legislation. I am pleased that this year those disagreements have been resolved, and we are able to bring this compromise text to the floor. This bill is the product of 3 years of hard work and dedication.  Mr. Chairman, it is important that we reauthorize Sea Grant this year, and I compliment Mr. Saxton for his efforts. This program is important to the State of Alaska, our coastal communities, and every American. Therefore, I strongly urge an ``aye'' vote on H.R. 437.  