 [[Page H3724]] What I liked about the Deal bill that was before us today was it absolutely linked work with welfare reform, and it provided mechanisms to move people into at least reading the want ads, having job conferences, trying to get the skills right away, the minute that the bill went into effect under the Republican version that I guess we will vote on on Friday. You don't even have to read the want ads for two years.  So I like the tight linkage in the measure that we considered earlier today.  But you mentioned women in the work force. And, of course, there are a lot of women and children on welfare in our country today.  And there was a new Brookings Institution study of women who were in their 20's who had received welfare at some point during the late 1970's and 1980's, and what was very interesting about that study was that it showed they did leave welfare. Two-thirds of the people do. But the women earned a median wage of about $5.20 an hour. That is too little to pull a family of three above the poverty line even with full-time work.  And low wages are the reason that two-thirds of those who leave welfare return within 3 years for some period of time, usually to get their footing again, and then they go back out there. I meet these women in my own district, working in bakeries, working in laundromats, working in restaurants.  By the way, nonunion restaurants, where they are not guaranteed of health benefits. But a lot of them fall back on to welfare. They don't want to be there.  I am sure there are loafers on every program, and we have problems with family structure in this country, but let us recognize that for many people and half of the people in my district on welfare work.  What a terrible, terrible indictment of this society that people who go out there, 40, 50, 60 hours a week, are on welfare. The system isn't working for them. In fact, the numbers show that a person who works 40 hours a week, 50 weeks per year at the current $4.25 minimum earns only $8,500 a year, not really enough to support a family.  If the gentleman would just indulge me one extra   minute here.  I was thinking as I was driving through my city the other day about my mother's life. And she doesn't get C-SPAN. She doesn't get cable. So she can't hear me tonight. But how her life really differed from those of the women who are growing up in the neighborhoods that she lived in that she grew up as a child.  And the big difference is that the jobs that were there that she could walk to, because no family was more poor than my mother's family poor, Champion Sparkplug is no longer in Toledo. Chase Bank, that was right up the street where my aunt worked, closed its door, moved offshore. The glove factory that my cousin worked at isn't there anymore. Dana Corporation moved 3,500 jobs to Mexico and out of our city. Bostwick Brown. Durwick Corporation. Swift and Armour. All the bicycle manufacturing capacity of the country was moved to Taiwan. When you think about what has happened to people, it isn't easy for them to find good-paying jobs.  