We just came out of a meeting with the Secretary of the Treasury of our Nation along with the chairman of the Federal Reserve.  One of the questions I asked them, as a democrat with a small ``d,'' I really do believe in democracy, I really believe in every single person being able to develop to their full human potential whether they live in the United States, whether they live in Mexico, whether they live in China, whether they live in Cuba, wherever they live, I believe in people first. That used to be somebody else's motto. I have not heard it talked about a lot.  We ask the question, ``Look, if the United States is going to be giving this big bailout of guarantees to Mexico, what conditions are being put on this money to expand democracy in Mexico?'' I asked the question really in this way: I said, ``Which political parties down there are sitting around a table talking about the stabilization plan?'' And basically we were told the ruling party may be talking to some of the other parties, ``But, of course, we haven't been in any of those meetings,'' so it is business as usual.  That nation will not only suffer those huge wage decreases because of the peso devaluation, but whose productivity has been increasing because they work under very, very difficult conditions, they have been working very hard, and their wages have consistently been cut and cut and cut in 1993 and 1994, and now this cuts it by another 40 percent. Who is the voice for those people?  I believe in democracy so much; I believe the President of our country and the leadership of this Chamber should be a voice for democracy not just in the United States but in all of these other nations that want to talk about trade, because after all, America and this continent should be more than just deals, deal after deal by private companies. It should be about using whatever power we have to build democracy and to treat people fairly, to treat them right, to treat them with respect.  So I am glad that the gentleman brought up that particular point.  Mr. DeFAZIO. On that point, if the gentlewoman, I know she remembers, during our discussions leading up to NAFTA, we were told one reason so many U.S. corporations were avid for the NAFTA agreement was because there were no labor limitations on it. In fact, they were assured by the ruling party they would not allow free labor unions. They would not allow collective bargaining for wages. In fact, they guaranteed that they would cap wages or depress wages, as they have done over the last decade. Now, this is the biggest drop in wages they have managed so far, a 40-percent drop in wages.  Yet somehow, as I recall, I believe his last name is Salin, the largest billionaire in Mexico, somehow he knew the day before the devaluation to change his pesos to dollars. A few of the other billionaires in Mexico somehow, they had really good advice. Of course, they were not getting it under the table from the authorization party which they financed with $500 million in contributions last year. No, of course not. This was the free market at work.  