Lipinski] for his heartfelt and enlightened statement, and I know that probably in Chicago, as is true in Toledo and Vermont, the fastest growing category of jobs are temporary jobs, part-time jobs, with no benefits. We have some restaurant work jobs being created. We have some health care jobs being created. In our factories what has happened is some people, because of the uptake in the auto industry, and I come from automotive America, we have been able to bring some people back into the plants. But we have not seen the kind of massive hiring that we would have expected with the kind of profits that are being made because people, extra people, are not being hired. What we are seeing is workers working 6 days a week. They have been doing this now for over 2 years, and they are making good money, but they are exhausted because they had a lot of overtime. But the benefits are not shared, and imagine if you can put 1,000 more people, 2,000 more people, to work in our plants, and we continue to see in our country declining buying power because essentially what these money traders are doing is they do not understand the difference between money and wealth and the fact that there is a difference between piling debt up and creating real investment that produces things, be it agricultural or industrial, that creates real wealth in our communities.  There is a book, I think, that has been written, ``Barbarians at the Gate,'' that talks about how these folks on Wall Street behave, and they think that money, and paper, and piling up this debt really means something, and they miss the most important question, and that is the wealth-producing capacity of our country, and we have about had it with their kind of thinking, trying to make money for the few, but not wealth for the many, and I know how hard the gentleman has worked in his capacity on the Committee on Public Works to try to improve the climate for business in America, our ports, seaports, airports, roadways, railroad beds, to try to make us the most efficient producer in the world, and I know the problems you have run into.  Imagine if your committee had had the chairman of the Federal Reserve and the head of the Treasury come in and say, ``OK, Chairman Lipinski, how about $40 billion in public works for America?''  I ask the gentleman, ``Wouldn't that have been a great feeling?''  