Chairman, let me just say, in response to the gentleman from Florida who spoke about will the FEMA account be whole, I served on the Committee on Appropriations for three terms now. There are funds in the FEMA account. In fact, we have moved other funds from the FEMA account, because they were unexpended, to other purposes within the bill.  In addition to that, these dollars for the drug elimination program do not spend out at a 100 percent rate, they spend out at a 7 percent rate, which means that the drawdown would be very slow and measured. I think it would be very unwise of us, however, to zero out an account that has been in existence and working since 1988 and having success throughout this country in every State in the Union, in towns and cities whose names you will recognize on this list of beneficiary communities.  In my own community of Toledo, Ohio, I can tell you that in one year the presence of this program resulted in a 20 percent reduction in crime associated with drugs in the neighborhoods that benefited from the program. Security cars, police monitoring, work with the sheriff, all of the various patrols that were necessary have made an incredible difference.  Mr. Chairman, I think that for those of our colleagues who may not be familiar with this program, please think carefully before you vote on this. It is likely your community is on this list. If you are not sure, come and see me, but, in any case, over 2,000 communities across this country are benefiting today. The other dollars in the accounts that exist in this bill have been cut substantially by almost 25 percent.  The dollars are not there for your mayors to choose between will they take care of the homeless when those funds are cut by half or will they deal with drug dealers in these neighborhoods. We must earmark these dollars. The money is there in FEMA. We are not asking for a whole lot. This will make a tremendous amount of difference. Let us put these people in jail and clean up our streets. Please vote ``yes'' on the Kaptur amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  