Speaker, I come to the well this evening to discuss a very important trade dispute that is going on between the United States and Japan, a negotiation that has now dragged on through three different Presidents relating to the major portion of the trade deficit between the United States and Japan, the automotive industry and the automotive parts industry.  I rise this evening to let the American people know that these negotiations have hit an impasse and today we met with the ambassador of the United States, our Trade Ambassador, Mr. Kantor, and were informed that the administration intends to, for the first time, the first administration in over a decade, intends to impose trade sanctions on the Nation of Japan in order to help pry open Japan's market not just to goods from the United States but hopefully as a result of our success there if it can occur to the goods of other nations as well.  I think that the Clinton administration should be commended for bringing us to this point. We rise this evening also to say to them, hang tough. As they do this and try to pry open that market which if it were open and we actually had trade equity with Japan in automotive, we literally could construct in this country an additional 100 plants each employing over 5,000 people. That is how bad the differential has become between our two nations.  The other point I would like to raise before calling on my very capable colleague from the State of Ohio, Mr. Brown, is to say that we hope that as these sanctions are imposed that the major auto manufacturers of this country and the major automotive parts manufacturers of this Nation will not raise prices but will use the power that the people of the United States are giving them through these negotiations to continue to gain market share in this country and to begin to gain additional market share in Japan.  We wish the Clinton administration well as the President returns from Russia. We want him to be successful not just in the sanctions but hopefully in the case that will be placed before the World Trade Organization in Geneva.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brown].  