Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, first let me say to the chairman of the subcommittee, no one could be more cordial or helpful than the gentleman has been in committee and in subcommittee as we develop these extremely complex bills, with lots of pressure from many outside interests, as we saw in that last vote.  My problem is not with the committee, Mr. Chairman, my problem is with the Committee on Rules in our attempts to get a freestanding vote on this exceedingly important question of the continuation of the drug elimination program in and around our public housing projects, which affects almost every single metropolitan area and many smaller towns and communities in this country.  Mr. Chairman, today I rise in strong opposition to the rule, because my amendment is one of its victims. We all know that there is no greater scourge affecting our communities than the drug scourge. It has been this way for a while. However, this bill, for the first time since 1988, completely strikes out all of the money for our drug elimination efforts in nearby neighborhoods around public housing.  The Committee on Rules refused to make in order my amendment, which would maintain last year's level of support, which is about $290 million for drug elimination in 1996, and we did so in a budget-neutral way. We transferred money in the amendment from FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, so it is budget neutral.  Let me say again, this program has existed and has been functioning since 1988. It has an excellent track record. It has helped every community in this country deal with the kind of cancer that is spreading throughout our neighborhoods because of these gang leaders and drug lords associated with drugs.  Mr. Chairman, in a few moments the gentleman from California [Mr. Lewis], our distinguished chairman, will insist on his point of order against my amendment. I have a hunch that the Chair will rule that I cannot bring up my amendment for a full debate before this body. It is my intention to then appeal the Chair's ruling, and a motion will be made to table my appeal. I ask my colleagues to please vote no on the motion to table the appeal, because in effect, that will be the only vote that we have on saving this very worthy initiative.  I guess my basic question, Mr. Chairman, is why should we pull the rug out from under the citizens of our country by taking away the only program that exists to fight drugs and crime in some of the most fragile neighborhoods in this Nation? To make matters worse, if my amendment does not prevail, what ultimately happens is as this fiscal year winds down and the next fiscal year begins, the money that is so-called being saved, and I put that word in quotes, the money that would be taken from these very worthy initiatives from coast-to-coast, will be frittered away on tax breaks that will be given to the privileged few.  That will not be done in our committee, that will be done over in the Committee on Ways and Means. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, there is really no savings as a result of what is being done here. We are eliminating an exceedingly effective program.  Mr. Chairman, let me point out that this program, and I said to the majority leader just now, it is amazing what happens in politics, I am defending a program that was pioneered by Jack Kemp when he was HUD Secretary. This has had broad bipartisan support over the years, and has really helped our community stem the drug tide, because, as we all know, it is not restricted to one neighborhood. The drug lords and those that they hire, they move across communities. They move into the suburbs, into the city.  Since 1989 HUD was given a helping hand to hundreds and hundred of our mayors in towns and police forces across this country. In my own town of Toledo, OH, a medium-size city, our Toledo Police Department saw a 20 percent decrease in just 1 year in drug activity in those areas that received help from this program. Yet, the appropriations bill recommended zero funding, zero funding in this program that is doing so much to effectively combat what drug lords and gang violence is doing all over this country.  I literally walked through the streets of Chicago when Congressman Charlie Hayes served in this body at a time when there were snipers on the roofs of some of the public housing projects in Chicago, projects being controlled by drug lords. As a result of this very worthy effort, that does not happen, that does not happen to the extent that it used to.  Mr. Chairman, what is really amazing is how we could be abandoning a program that has been as universally successful as this one, in giving our mayors, our police departments, our citizens the necessary tools to fight crime. It seems to me we cannot afford to continue them.  Let me remind my colleagues, my amendment would pay for itself through an offset of $34 million from FEMA's disaster assistance account, because this particular program only spends out at the rate of 7 percent a year, and it seems we have found money for everything from the space station to disasters everywhere in the Nation. There could be no greater disaster than what is happening in our communities as a result of the drug trade.  One of the reasons I really beg special consideration here, I offered an amendment in the full committee on this very subject. We got bipartisan support, we came within 5 votes of carrying the amendment, there were 16 Members who were not in the committee when we took the vote. Any objection that could have existed to the amendment as originally offered was worked out.  We went to the Committee on Rules, we made our presentation, and I thought we would be granted the opportunity to offer this amendment. The FEMA account has been dipped into for other purposes since we held that vote in committee. Thus, it seems to me that for $34 million in the next cycle, we have a very worthy proposal that deserves the consideration of our colleagues.  Mr. Chairman, I also have a list here that includes communities across the country. Before Members vote on the motion to table the appeal, I want them to come up to me and take a look at this list. Columbus, OH, gets over $1 million a year. Every community of the leadership of this Congress receives help. The community of chairman of the Committee on Rules, Albany, NY, receives help in his program. We can go coast to coast. Every single district in this country benefits from this program.  I would remind my colleagues from the other side of the aisle that this is not a partisan issue. Let me quote what Jack Kemp said in 1991 when he was visiting a project in one of our Nation's major cities. He said, ``Our drug elimination funding represents a substantial commitment'' by the then Bush administration, ``to rid public housing of the scourge of drugs and drug-related crime. Two years ago the bush administration announced a substantial moral and financial commitment to return public housing neighborhoods to the families for whom they were intended. Today this effort is showing significant results.''  I agree with Mr. Kemp, Mr. Chairman. We, as Members of this House, should do everything possible to help our local communities combat the scourge of drugs. I find it the height of lunacy to eliminate an effort that has proven itself in city after city just in order to bankroll through tax breaks largely the Fortune 500 big daddies that will get plenty of good treatment here, come the end of the year.  My colleagues should know that if my amendment is ruled out of order, I will appeal the ruling of the Chair. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote no on any subsequent motions to table my appeal of the ruling of the Chair.  Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Fields].  