 Mr. DeFAZIO. I think I recall that during the debate over NAFTA, the gentlewoman from Ohio, myself and others raised the point that we thought the Mexican peso had been artificially propped up and overvalued in order to try and sell the NAFTA agreement. In fact as I recall, we said we thought it was about 20 to 25 percent overvalued. Of course we were wrong. Apparently it was 40 to 50 percent overvalued.  This was clearly on the part of the financiers on both sides of the border and some of the highest political officers in both countries an attempt to distort the ultimate impact of this agreement. In fact, the Mexican opposition party has filed criminal charges [[Page H212]] against their former president for concealing and manipulating the value of the peso, which has now crashed.  What this means, of course, is that the average Mexican worker, who has seen their wages decline rather dramatically over the last 20 years, will see another 40 or 50 percent decline relative to United States goods. Instead of having an average of $1,600 a year in buying power, that is, if they used all of their disposable income they could buy $1,600 worth of our goods, which was always the fallacy of NAFTA, it was never designed to sell goods to Mexicans, it was always designed to get cheap labor in Mexico to ship the goods here, now those Mexican workers will have total incomes in United States dollars of $800 or $900 a year. So if they save really hard, they might be able to buy a pair of running shoes at the end of the year from United States manufacturer based in Mexico, but not likely.  I think this is really key for us to explain to the American people. Not only has this happened, and not only are we now being asked to put up U.S. taxpayer dollars to prop up the peso.  This is the free market? It seems to me the free market is saying, ``The peso is worthless, let it drop.'' No, we are going to prop it up with $9 billion out of our Federal treasury with no review by the U.S. Congress. Apparently Mexico can just draw on that $9 billion whenever they want.  Beyond that what is even more outrageous is the Federal Reserve Board which controls the deposits and the currency in this country has extended a secret line of credit to Mexico under secret conditions for a secret amount.  When my staff contacted the Federal Reserve, we were just told, ``That's none of your business. We don't tell Members of Congress what we're doing.'' But if a bill comes due, if the Mexican Government declares bankruptcy or defaults, we will get the bill, the same way we did in the savings and loan crisis.  The American people are being played for suckers here again and this is what we need to communicate today. We are not going to let this keep happening without bringing the light of day to these secret deals.  