We are very proud of them. In December they will be traveling down there, and we know they are going to win. We also have Bowling Green State University where we have about 18,000 students and then Lords College with about 2,500 students. These student loans for many, many thousands of students are life and death. It is their future or nothing.  And to add to their burden, they are our future, really, is the wrong way to go. I would say to certain executives in our country, like the gentleman who heads up Walt Disney who made $50 million last year, that is a substantial sum of money. I am sure that he would admit, if he were given the chance to speak out on this floor, that he does not need an additional $500 in a tax credit for his family, that he would rather have some student in California be able to go on to school. And if you multiply that by the thousands and thousands of students in our country, there are just better ways to spend these dollars. It seems such a tragedy to me that we are here late in the evening while the Government is essentially stopped and we cannot seem to find accommodation with Mr. Gingrich simply because he is being unreasonable about where to cut and where not to cut.  I do not understand what he is after. I think all of the mail we have gotten, the phone calls, the communications from our constituents, give us a sense of where we need to make changes in the budget. I do not know why he is taking such an extreme position. I do not think it yields anything for the country. I do not think it yields anything for him or his allies in this Congress. I do not understand why the rigidity, what is the rigidity all about.  I am just proud to be here with our colleagues here this evening because we are from all different parts of the country. And we very much want to continue on the path of deficit reduction. I think we have all been a part of making tough choices.  All we do on the Committee on Appropriations now is cut. It is just a matter of what you hack next. We have eliminated programs. We have had hundreds of thousands of people that have left the service of the Federal Government, both on the civilian side and the military side. We have got base closings all over this country. We as a Nation are begging foreign countries to invest in space research. It is somewhat embarrassing at times to be a beggar. On the international front, we have cut foreign aid.  When you look at where we have cut, all the agriculture programs, we are losing thousands and thousands of farmers, dairy farmers, vegetable farmers, tomato farmers, cattle growers. We have got people all over this country who are going out of business. We know cuts have been severe. We know that we have been about the task of putting the finances of the Government in the proper order. But I do not understand why Mr. Gingrich cannot be a partner with us and help us to balance the budget responsibly rather than hurting people who need the help the most.  