And one of the issues here, the third question we are going to ask of those business entities incorporated in the United States to which Mexico is indebted, we would like to know which ones of these business entities hold voting rights at the district Federal Reserve offices and in which regions of the country. I would sure like to know how the Midwest compares to the Northeast and to the Northwest and to the South of this country. It would really be nice to know who has special favors at the Fed.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I would just like for the people who are watching to know this is not an ``I told you so.'' And we are going to go through the list of things we predicted would happen with NAFTA that have come to pass, including the peso devaluation. But there are a lot of short memories in Washington, DC, and a short attention span in the media when it comes to these very critical issues. But ``I told you so'' is not going to be enough in this case because thousands more American jobs such as the ones the gentlewoman talked about are at risk, and now tens of billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars are at risk and ``I told you so'' is not an adequate response. And that is why we are speaking here today and that is also why we will be introducing, this week, legislation to trigger the repeal provisions of NAFTA. There was a 6-month option out of NAFTA and we are introducing legislation to say this has worked as poorly and as badly and even worse than we ever anticipated. It is a loser for the American taxpayers, it is a loser for the American workers, it is a loser for the Mexican worker, and a loser for the environment along the Mexican border and the United States border, and it is time to repeal it and put in place an agreement that will benefit people on both sides of the border and help raise standards of living rather than depress them and bankrupt the Treasury.  I will have to step off the floor but I will be back because I want to continue the discussion. And I believe the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Sanders] will step up and take my place.  