Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Hastings] for yielding this time to me and rise with a heavy heart as we discuss this entire situation involving China, and I see--as the American birthright--the ideal that this Nation and others around the world are conceived in liberty and should be dedicated to the proposition that all people are created equal with certain inalienable rights. I think that is what our Nation is here for, as a beacon to the rest of the world, but what we see so often is that our foreign policy has been directed to certain financial interests, and in fact our foreign policy, rather than being a representation of the best ideals in us, has really become a kind of deal-making exercise.  Mr. Speaker, we should probably call China MFN the Boeing MFN because supporters of MFN for China and keeping that special trade status protected say that exports to China will create jobs here. However Boeing, one of the chief beneficiaries of nearly $2 billion worth of airplane sales to China, recently announced over 5,000 people in our country are being laid off because they are going to replace that production with production in China, and I think what is so troubling is that China has done nothing to promote democracy. It has done nothing to stop China from selling missile technology to rogue nations like Pakistan. China has done nothing to end labor abuses in its own country affecting both men and women who are voiceless as we debate there today. They have done nothing to end human rights abuses like the detention and arrest of American citizen Harry Wu.  But in fact our China policy not only does not stand up for democracy, but from an economic standpoint has led to a flood of cheap imports into our country--expected to reach over $32 billion this year alone--representing an increase over last year, and in fact since China's crackdown on democracy in 1989, our country has suffered a net loss of over $100 billion in China.  Mr. Speaker, when we debated the crime bill, we talked about three strikes and you're out. It seems to me here we have got five strikes and you're out, and we ought to go back to the negotiating table and figure out what we stand for fundamentally as citizens of the freest nation on Earth.  China MFN is just another smokescreen for the rights of capital surmounting the rights of people and the ideals of democratic freedom. Free trade can only exist among free people. When is the United States of America going to recall its own birthright?  I am very upset that the Wolf amendment will not be offered here for a vote up or down in this Congress today. I stand here with a very heavy heart. I ask, ``Why don't we stand up for what our Constitution says we are here for?''  