Chairman, I would say to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde], I was hoping the gentleman would have a little more influence, because I think he is a man of very good intentions. But I wanted an opportunity on this floor to have time to debate on the foreign ownership provisions. I will not be given that opportunity. There will not be an opportunity to offer amendments. I think the neutering of the Justice Department is an absolute abomination, when we see the possibilities for concentration in this bill.  So as I leave this evening to drive home in my car, I find it a complete abomination, and I am ashamed of this House this evening. With a $1 trillion industry, with the rights of free press at stake, and competition in every one of our communities hanging in the balance, to be forced into this girdle, where we are only allowed 30 minutes during general debate, and then we will be put off on three little amendments tomorrow, maybe we will devote an hour or less to each of those, this is not the best that is in us.  I feel tonight as I did during the savings and loan debate, during the Mexican peso bailout, and probably during GATT as well, that we are truly being muzzled, and that is not what representative democracy is all about. I feel sorry for America tonight.  Mr. Chairman, here we are in the middle of the night, considering the most sweeping rewrite of communications laws in 60 years. The telecommunications industry represents 1/7 of our economy and is a trillion dollar industry. At stake is control of the airwaves and the information pathway into every American home. Not even the many appropriations bills that we have been debating for the past month before this Congress, will have a larger effect on consumer's pocketbooks. Consumers are promised choice and lower prices. Choice at what cost? Instead of creating competition by lowering prices and improving service, this bill allows the three monopolies to become one giant concentrated monopoly. It allows the 3 major players (cable, long distance, & local telephone) to partner or swallow potential competitors in each others business. The concentration could result in one company controlling the program's content, your local television stations, your cable company, your local telephone company, your long distance company, your local radio station, and your newspaper. Thus, controlling every aspect of access to information a consumer has and obliterate the likelihood of true competition.  This bill also promises job creation. I doubt it. Last time I checked, we do not even produce a single television or telephone in our country. In addition, I have very serious concerns about the foreign ownership provisions. Currently, foreign ownership in common carriers (such as telephone, cellular, broadcast television and radio) cannot exceed 25%, except in cable where there is no restriction. At a time when our trade deficits are at record levels, we are throwing open media markets to foreign ownership.  This bill would directly repeal foreign ownership restrictions on everything except broadcast television, which remains at 25%, thus allowing foreigners to control what America sees and should think and what America does not see. The bill leaves up to USTR crucial determinations regarding the rights of foreign interests to gain even more control. Why trust the USTR? That area of our government that has brought us record trade deficits for over a decade and can't even get our rice into Japan.  I also find it very disturbing that the telecommunications industry has spent $20 million to lobby for this bill. To find out the real winners in this bill one only has to follow the money. This bill is just another reason we need real campaign finance reform in our political process.  Moreover, this bill neuters the ability of our Justice Department to enforce the anti-trust laws against these giants who want to control every aspect of what you see, hear, and know. The bill basically turns our Justice Department Anti-Trust Division into paper pushers with no real enforcement power.  I welcome some deregulation to create competition and diversity in these monopolistic industries. However, deregulation is fine. No regulation is anti-competitive and anti-democratic.  