Pallone] talked about the interrelationship and how, what kinds of programs do we need to decrease, which ones should be increased, and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Barrett] also talked about that, where would we make investments for the future, where does it make the most sense, and I think it is important to point out that, if you look at the whole economy of our country, 80 percent of it is the private sector, so the growth has to come on the private side. Twenty percent of our gross domestic product is the Government. So, as hard as we might try to cut and move toward a balanced budget, the truth is, if we make the wrong choices and we stifle growth on the private side, we have all done a disservice to the Nation, and I think that some of the cuts that are being talked about are, in fact, ones that will inhibit growth on the private-sector side because, if you do not have an educated work force, if you are throwing more people into poverty who are nonproductive people, if you are robbing students of a bright future in the next century, and, I think, if you defile your environment, you are going to, you know, pay a very heavy price for it down the road, and I think one of the problems with the proposals, the way they have come out of that committee, is that they do not help the middle class to grow. I think that in fact they make people who are trying to earn a living and keep a household together, make it much more difficult for them to stay in the middle class, and we have seen enough people drop out of or keep hanging on with their fingernails at this point, and you cannot solve the whole problem just on the Government side, on the deficit side. You do have to look at choices that you make that will create growth.  So I think you pointed out important aspects that we need to think about as we make these choices, that they are the proper ones and they do not create more harm on the private-sector side, and we have heard a lot of talk about capital gains and who will benefit from that, and I think one of the issues there really is perhaps indexing of capital gains as opposed to just giving money away, and there is no, no requirement in the bill that is in that committee today that, when those dollars are given, they have to be invested in the United States of America. So we could be giving another freebie away and have more of our jobs taken to Mexico, or Taiwan, or wherever, and who is really benefiting? Not the society, not the middle class, not the growth of wealth in this country, but rather the frittering away of scarce resources to people who already have pretty big boats to float in.  So I just want to commend you for your comments.  