Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I rise in opposition to H.R. 1555. Here we are in the middle of the night considering the most sweeping rewrite of communications legislation in the last half century. I have to say to all the gentleman that have been complimented this evening for their marvelous footwork in conducting this debate at 2 a.m., I, as one Member, not serving on the committees of jurisdiction, am appalled that those people who would raise questions, like myself, would have 30 minutes, 30 minutes, to try to deal with legislation of this magnitude.  Mr. Chairman, there are times in my career when I have been very proud of this House. One of those times was when we debated the Persian Gulf War. I think our estimation went up in the minds of the American people.  There have been times when I have been very ashamed of this House, certainly during the S&L debate, brought up on Christmas Eve at midnight when it was snowing outside, or the Mexican peso bailout, where we did not fulfill our constitutional obligation.  I feel the same way this evening on this particular bill. I feel muzzled as a Member of this body, and I am ashamed of this institution. There has been enough lobbying money spread around on this bill, over $20 million, to sink a battleship, and it has been spread on both sides of the aisle.  This bill is not going to result in full competition. Are we kidding ourselves? It is going to result in full concentration, and the only question I have in my mind is how fast a pace that will occur at.  In my district, what will happen is the single newspaper, that is owned by a very wealthy and well-meaning family, will soon buy out the television stations, because they already own the cable stations anyway. They will probably go after all the radio stations. I really do believe in free press in this country and I really do believe in competition. This bill will not result in that.  I would say with all due respect to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bliley] and the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Fields] and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde] and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conyers] I guess Mr. Conyers. I guess I have to kind of leave him out of this equation, because his committee was absolutely resolved of all responsibilities in this, and that is the reason I am here at 2 a.m. in the morning.  