Speaker, Oil and Gas magazine also reported about that by the end of this decade, by 1997, 1998, 1999, Mexico will be a net importer of oil because the number of barrels she has been able to produce has been cut in half, and because capital investment has not been able to be made in capital plant, and because of instability among the workers in the oilfields in Mexico, where conditions are just terrible.  Mr. Speaker, I think any wise investor would question that, oil being used as collateral.  If I might respond to the gentleman from Vermont   [Mr. Sanders], who raised a good point, when it is a small item involving the budget, we get tied up in knots here, right?  When we are talking about $20 or $40 billion or however much the American people will be on the line, it is like the Stealth bomber. It goes through here, nobody saw it, we didn't vote on it. It happened, it is a happening in America, but we didn't have anything to do with it.  Mr. Speaker, I remember when the President came up here with his State of the Union speech. He didn't like the fact that the Department of Agriculture had spent a few thousand dollars trying to eliminate ticks. He spent a long time talking about ticks.  If you come from a rural area, a lot of my district is rural, that can be a pretty significant problem for people. In fact, we had one gentleman here in Congress, Berkeley Bedell, who had to leave Congress because he got Lyme disease. If you know anything about what can happen, it is a pretty serious area to be doing research on, so I didn't quite understand why he picked that particular few thousand dollar expenditure out.  [[Page H1276]] Here we are talking about an enormous amount of money, and the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Taylor] said ``Could we vote on it in the Committee on Appropriations?''  I asked one of the subcommittee chairs of Appropriations, ``Will this come up before your subcommittee this year? Will we get a vote? How do we get a vote on this?''  He said ``Well, you know, yes, the Treasury Department is under our subcommittee's jurisdiction, but this particular fund, I guess it is more like foreign aid, so we don't think it would come under us.''  This is the kind of fund, it is like mercury. If you have ever seen mercury and you try to put your finger on it, it keeps moving around. You can't pin it down, really; $20 billion, maybe $40 billion, and it is rising every day.  So here we stand, at 9 o'clock at night Washington time, trying to say it is our responsibility to vote on this kind of money, and putting our taxpayers at this kind of risk.  I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi.  