 Sometimes we do not always win our issues, but we find if we give voice to the American people, even though sometimes we feel like we do not have a lot of power, with that voice comes [[Page H966]] greater understanding, and slowly you see a country change. I think that is what we are about.  I am not aware of what the dispute is. The Bank for International Settlements was a consortium of central bankers that was devised in order to try to deal with some of the currency differences and for central banks to band together for assistance if there were draws that went more to one country than another country. I, like the gentlewoman, am quizzical as to what the dispute would be in this case. And I am very concerned about what the U.S. financial obligation would be if bills come due you.  I also wanted to place on the record this evening, to the gentleman from Vermont, who has been so steadfast in participating in these special orders, to say you have talked about the Wall Street Journal, one of the most respected publications in our country. And read it everyday and many, many analytical articles are just superb.  But I think it is important for the record to indicate that the former president of Mexico, the most recent president of Mexico, Carlos Salinas, was appointed to the board of Dow Jones & Co., which owns the Wall Street Journal, and it does not surprise me, therefore, as I read the various headlines in the Wall Street Journal and some of the hype that has been put into trying to make it seem like if we do not do this there will be an apocalypse, ``Mexico worries spread to emerging markets,'' the headlines, ``Mexico's currency plunges 10 percent amid worries about U.S. rescue plan.'' The headlines, you worry. Headlines form policy. It is important to know who is in position to make opinions about this and influencing public opinion.  So if I might further respond to the gentlewoman from Idaho, my hope is that as we get more details on the package, over the next day we hope--we were not able to get the fineprint today--we will be able to answer your constituents and our own with more specificity as to the role of the Bank for International Settlements in this.  We know it is $10 billion. We do not know how that is being drawn down. We were not provided with any details today.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I think the gentlewoman for answering questions as best we can at this time.  I think the gentlewoman from Idaho has raised an excellent question. The Bank for International Settlements, what is the United States' obligation to that bank at this point in time? How is it we came so recently to be represented on the board of directors by Alan Greenspan and the chairman of the New York Fed?  What commitments has the United States made of either funds that are be channeled through the Federal Reserve Board in secret, or more overt agreements or obligations of the Federal treasury? How much do we have at risk here?  I think these are excellent questions that need to be answered.  You know, there is this wisdom that somehow we have to allow the Federal Reserve to operate in secret because it is the only way to give them political independence. The Bundesbank in Germany is I think the most highly regarded central bank in the world, and they are required to conduct all their deliberations, negotiations, discussions and votes in public. But yet our Federal Reserve somehow is the only agency of the Federal Government, more powerful than the Congress and the President combined in terms of the economic future of this country today, in terms of whether or not we bail out Mexico or raise interest rates again to fight inflation that no one else sees except for Alan Greenspan and a few other inflation warriors at the Federal Reserve, they do all this in secrecy. They change the policies to say they think 4 percent unemployment is too low and they would rather have 6 percent, because otherwise wages might go up a little bit and working people might earn more in this country and that might start an inflationary trend. At the same time they are tying us to international agreements and institutions which are diminishing the role of U.S. labor.  So on the face of it their arguments are not even consistent. But they do not have to account to anyone. They do not have to answer questions if we call down there.  My staff called down today to ask about conflicts of interest by members of the Federal Reserve Board. Do any members of the Federal Reserve Board represent regional banks which are heavily invested in Mexico, and have they disclosed that fact, have they recused themselves from voting as they apportion funds to bail out Mexico? No, we are not allowed to know the answer to that question.  So what is this body we have created, that is so much beyond the public and the elected representatives of the people? Its role in this bailout is just extraordinary.  