Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the assistance of our esteemed colleagues, the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Canady] and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Frank] in allowing us to talk about this amendment this evening.  Mr. Chairman, the amendment is one that has been introduced in bill form in this Congress since the year 1985. There have been extensive hearings held on the content of this bill in several Congresses. For various reasons, because of its content and because of the pace of the legislative process, we have never been able to move this language on to a bill that was headed for presidential signature.  The acronym for this bill is FACEIT, the Foreign Agents Compulsory Ethics In Trade Act, and its purpose is to close the revolving door between government service and lobbying on behalf of foreign interests.   Mr. Chairman, our bill introduced with bipartisan support over the last decade, has two parts. The first is to impose a permanent restriction on high-level government officials from representing, aiding, or advising foreign governments and foreign political parties once they leave the employment of the United States and attempt to go back and lobby, advise, the very same clients before the very same agencies that they had worked for.  The second part of this bill would impose a 5-year prohibition on high-level officials against representing, aiding, or advising what we term ``foreign interests,'' and these are defined in the bill as well.  Let me say that in March of 1992, the General Accounting Office published a report which we requested entitled ``Former Federal Officials Representing Foreign Interests Before the U.S. Government.'' That report identified dozens of former high-level Federal officials, those who had served on the White House staff, those who had served at the highest level of Cabinet-level agencies, congressional staff, even some Members of Congress, executive agency officials in various administrations, who left the employment of the people of the United States, and then attempted and are representing foreign interests before the very agencies that they had served in years past.  We, in earlier years, thought it would be sufficient to merely ask for disclosure. In other words, the current law says to people, ``If you are conducting this type of activity, all you need to do is register.'' Well, lo and behold, the GAO found that numerous foreign agents simply do not register at all.  Mr. Chairman, the current law operates much like a sieve with very large holes in it. There is absolutely no enforcement and the disclosure process itself is extremely flawed. Our bill would ensure that our Federal officials are working on behalf of the people of this country and that they serve the government of the United States.  In my own personal experience here, I have seen too many officials of this country use their positions to seek post-employment opportunities. I might just say for the record, and I have said it in public hearings and I have said it here on the floor before, I have experience in my own district.  Mr. Chairman, the way I got into this was a businessman from my own district had come here to Washington, had gone on trade missions around the world with high-level government officials, and divulged certain aspects of his production, the products that he sold, what his competition was, to the government officials that accompanied him on these trade missions.  He came back to Washington 2 years later and he found that the people that he had spoken with were now working for his competition. Mr. Chairman, his question to me, when I met him as a fairly new Member of Congress, he said to me, ``Why should I tell you anything?'' I said, ``Well, I am very interested in what problems you are facing as a businessman trying to move your product into international markets.'' He had lost complete trust in the government of the United States because of what he had experienced. This is absolutely wrong.  Mr. Chairman, the reason it has been so hard to get this bill passed is because the people conducting these activities make lots and lots of money. Just think about the trade arena. The average person who is serving our government in trade negotiating capacity has a tenure today of less than a year and a half. We are beaten consistently in trade negotiations around the world because we have people who do not have the tenure, experience, and breadth of people negotiating for other countries.  Mr. Chairman, it is possible to work in a position in this government and maybe earn a salary of $100,000 a year, which sounds like big money in Toledo, Ohio, but then those same people can be offered four times as much as that the day after they leave the government to represent the very same clients before the agency that they just left.  Mr. Chairman, that is absolutely wrong. We need to plug the hole in that dike completely and restore integrity to the trademarking and other functions of this government.  The other aspect, what happens inside these agencies where we have people with integrity working very hard, when they see their compadres and compatriots in these agencies merely milking it for what they can get for themselves, it is totally demoralizing to serve in these various agencies and capacities in our government.  So, our purpose in this is to close the revolving door permanently for those who have such high-level knowledge that they can literally compromise the interests of this country, and it is to set a standard of integrity for those who would serve our people, and then try to cash in on it.  We have a cooling off period that we think is realistic in this bill. I think it will restore confidence among people like the businessman from my community who lost his respect for the government of the United States and the people who serve it here in our Nation's Capital.  Mr. Chairman, I would ask for favorable consideration by the committee and express a complete willingness to work with the gentleman from Florida to attach this legislation to this bill, or to work with the gentleman in any manner that could make an idea that is now a decade old a reality for the people of our country.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  