And most Americans do not realize that that particular toy, which sold over 300 million dollars' worth in our marketplace last year, there is not a single one made in this country.  In fact, the Power Rangers is owned by Bandai Corp., which is a Tokyo-based company. They employ about 700 people in Tokyo only in marketing. They employ all of their workers in Asia, especially in China and Thailand, and they pay them nothing. They then take those low wage produced goods and they sell them over here from $29 all the way up, there are some $5.95 figurines. But if you go into your local toy store, which I did and I turned over every toy that was there, they were all produced in China, they were produced in Thailand. And somebody is making the money off of the out sourcing of production by these big multinationals, whether it is Bandai or Mattel, which is located in our country. And most young girls do not know that there is not a single Barbie doll made in America. Mattel has out sourced all of its production, and yet the children, these companies look upon our children not as children, but as a market, as a market. And they buy time on all these television shows and all of the rest. And none of our workers are working, yet parents and grandparents go to the store, they want to buy that for their child or their grandchild, and they pay top dollar, $29 all the way up to $200.  Mr. DeFAZIO. If the gentlewoman would yield on that, because this is a point that occasionally a constituent brings up with me. And they say look, if we didn't have this free-trade agreement with Mexico, consumers would suffer. I said wait a minute, do you think that Chrysler, which is building a new large Dodge Ram truck plant, a truck that sells for a minimum, I think, of $15,000, some of them sell for as much as $30,000, I said do you think Mexicans with their former average earnings of $1,700 a year, this week reduced to about $800 or $900, are going to be buying many of the Dodge Rams which they build? And they say, well, no.  I said, have you noticed that since Chrysler or other United States firms started building these trucks in Mexico, that the price has come down? Oh, no.  Have you noticed that the profits have gone up, but the price has not come down?  Well, now that you say that, yeah, I guess I did notice they had their most profitable quarter ever.  I say that is the point. Even if you can argue that we should produce goods overseas because we can exploit cheap labor and it will be beneficial to the American consumer, the bottom line is that does not happen. The prices do not go down. The profits go up.  Nike Corp., based in Portland, OR, they don't make anything in America anymore. They used to manufacture shoes here.  