Before I address that, let me just say that through our efforts 80 percent of the American people oppose this effort to try to prop up the peso so that Mexico can pay its debts to Wall Street speculators. What is interesting is the Wall Street Journal today also said that 75 percent of the residents of Mexico City, the people of Mexico, were against the loan guarantee packages as well, so if the people of the United States are against it, and the people of Mexico are against it, who is it that is ramming this through?  And the gentleman asked about the Banking Committee. In my 8 years that I spent on the committee, Mr. Speaker, I never saw the Currency Stabilization Fund used for this purpose. It was always used in small amounts, never to the tune of $20 billion. We are trying to research back to see the largest such use of the fund. Maybe we found $2 billion back 10 years ago, but never to this extent, and never to defend the debts owned by another country. This is a very precedent-setting move that is occurring here.  In addition to that, there is an additional, around $17.5 billion, coming through the International Monetary Fund, and at the moment it is unclear to us whether that is $17.5 billion in new money because the U.S. contribution to the IMF has to be appropriated dollars through here. Are those old dollars? Are those new dollars? Where are those dollars coming from?  And then the third element of this is the International Bank for Settlements, which is $10 billion, and it is very interesting because the Bank for International Settlements has a board just like the Federal Reserve. It has 24 members on the board. The United States has never participated on that board before. We were not making payments. All of a sudden who ends up on the board of the 24 most recently? The Chairman of our Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan, and the chairman of the New York Fed, Bill McDonough, all of a sudden. And Citibank, surprise, surprise, is all of a sudden making payments into the Bank for International Settlements.  Now if it would happen that the debtors could not   pay their debts, the burden of the Bank for International Settlements falls to the member countries to pay back. So they have a lot of different names, but it is the same people in these different institutions, and it all comes back right here, to the taxpayers of the United States, and every single economist that came before our hearings that the gentleman from California [Mr. Hunter], and the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. DeFazio] and the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Sanders] helped us organize about a week ago, every single person said this was a set of credits that had high risk. This was not something where there was certain repayment. They expected losses. So, we expect that there will be claims that will be made on the taxpayers of our country under this new scenario.  So, the gentleman is correct. I think what the President has done is just pushed the definition of what is in that section to the limits both in terms of his own authority and the amount of funds that will now be drawn down for the purpose of, not propping up the dollar, but propping up the debts that are owed to creditors by the Government of Mexico.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont for a moment.  