So they did not want any problems in the market before August, so they propped up the peso through August. Then we were considering GATT, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, here, and they did not want any trouble in America. So we delayed that vote until we got back after elections in December, so they kept delaying it, and delaying it, and delaying it.  Then Mr. Salinas left office. The new President was sworn in. GATT was finished, and that is when they devalued the peso. But by then their friends knew, the 30 ruling families down there; they had already taken their money out of the country. They bought art to insulate themselves against any currency fluctuations, and Members of this House, and I will put on the record the gentleman from Buffalo, NY [Mr. LaFalce] because he worked so hard to get currency provisions in the original NAFTA. Nobody tried harder than he did. He educated all of us. He tried to help to make that agreement a stronger agreement to avoid this kind of catastrophe and was unable to finally get provisions in the final agreement. In my estimation he has some aspects of heroism in what he tried to do there, but there were plenty of people that cashed in, and now our people are left holding the bag.  Mr. DeFAZIO. And they are saying we could not have possibly anticipated this.  Well, it is strange. It is strange that we stood on this floor 14 months ago, backed by credible economists who said, ``Today, as you vote on the NAFTA agreement the Mexican peso is overvalued by 20 to 25 percent to make them look more attractive as a partner for the United States, to make them look as though their currency is stable. But it's inevitable after the passage of NAFTA they will have to devalue the peso by 20 to 25 percent.''  And now we are told by the Secretary of the Treasury, a former partner in one of the major investment firms in this country, that no one could have anticipated this. Well, the economists we talked to, who gave us a very critical analysis of NAFTA, could certainly anticipate it, did, and we are right on the money. In fact, they were a little bit overly optimistic about Mexico because we are talking the free market says the Mexican peso should actually go down 40 to 50 percent, and whatever happened to free-market forces? Where is the free market when we need it? If the market says the Mexican peso should be worth half as much, should the United States Government intervene to artificially prop it up?  