So they take the money out of Mexico which helps to contribute to the problem of that banking system in that nation, and if you look back in 1991, there were two billionaires, and that is with a ``b'' in Mexico. Today there are 24 billionaires in Mexico as best as we can calculate after NAFTA locked in, which means some people have been getting very, very, very rich, and the majority have actually had a downward pressure on their wages and their life style has been made much more difficult.  And I think what is interesting, if you look, and the gentleman may want to go into this, if you look at what Mexico has been importing from the United States over the last year, what really surprised me, when you went over those figures, the other day that the third highest import from us was art.  Now, I am a member of the Toledo Museum of Art. I think I can draw pretty well myself. I love artists. I love music. I am not speaking against artists here. It surprised me in a nation where the average family earns under $1,500 a year that art would be the No. 1, in the top three.  Mr. DeFAZIO. The big winner was tobacco. Our tobacco exports went up dramatically. They had the largest percentage increase. Art, collectibles, antiques, and precious jewelry and so forth were No. 3. Now, that may put a few people, you know, who have got expensive boutiques and stores in Manhattan and a few places to work and make them happy, but I do not think it is putting very many Americans to work. I do not think it is helping very many average artists or craftsmen.  Could I just get parochial for a moment? Last year the Pacific Northwest's entire delegation, Republicans and Democrats alike, had a lengthy series of discussions with this administration about refinancing the debt of our regional power authority, the Bonneville Power Administration, because we have had and seen political calls by the Reagan administration, the Bush administration, and now this year the Clinton administration to do a punitive refinancing of our debt.  So we said, ``OK, fine, we will go to the private sector and finance, refinance, this debt,'' and we got the entire delegation, Democrats and Republicans, to agree.  The Office of Management and Budget would not let us do it. They said they could not count it as a plus under the budget rules, so we could not do this.  But somehow Mexico wants $40 billion of loan guarantees, and that is OK; we are not worried about the budget rules here anymore, because this is national security, folks. Those little people up in the Northwest, well, gee, sorry, we could not help you out with your refinancing of EPA, but Mexico, $40 billion, no problem.  