Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. I wish to rise in support of our agriculture appropriations bill this year, to commend our very distinguished chairman in his maiden voyage as chair of this subcommittee and also to thank our ranking member for his terrific service.  This will be the last bill that, second to the last bill, that he will be handling on this floor. We thank him for the tremendous contribution that he has made over the years both as chair and now as ranking member of this committee.  I wanted to insert my full remarks in the Record tonight, because the subject of agriculture is so important to not just rural America but to urban America, to the nutrition needs of our people. But I wanted to say beyond that, as a member of this committee, I cannot think of a better committee in this Congress to serve on.  In listening to some of the debate that occurred here this afternoon, frankly, I was embarrassed at the level of dialog on both sides of the aisle. At one point I had teenage students here with me from my district, and I had to usher them out of the gallery because I was so embarrassed at some of the language being used here on the floor.  If I had to pick one committee in this Congress to say how the whole place should function, it would be this particular subcommittee, with the comity, the good will, with the gentlemanly and ladylike behavior that members of this committee display toward one another; frankly, the good humor as well.  I think a lot of that is due to the leadership of our chair, the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Skeen] who is truly a man for all seasons. We appreciate what he is as a person as much as what he does as chair of this committee. Frankly, I think if we had more Members like him, with his spirit on both sides of the aisle in this institution, I think the Nation would be much better off.  I rise in support this evening of this measure. I know with its passage, the Nation will have been bettered.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Agriculture appropriations bill and commend our chairman, the gentleman from New Mexico, and our ranking member, the gentleman from Illinois, for their outstanding leadership in putting together a responsible bill. This bill continues our support for American farmers which are the most productive in the world as well as fulfills an important commitment for advancing agriculture and nutrition to rural and urban America.  The bill is fiscally prudent and includes a total of $13.3 billion for discretionary programs which is $135,571,000 less than the amount appropriated in Fiscal Year 1995 and $1.6 billion less than the budget request.  For mandatory programs, which are 80% of the funding in this bill, the committee provides $49.2 billion a decrease of $5.5 billion below the amount available for fiscal year 1995 and $4.4 billion below the budget request.  The committee faced difficult decisions in meeting the needs of U.S. agriculture and related programs in this bill. Only three programs, meat and poultry inspection, conservation and the Women, Infants, and Children's Feeding Program received increases in funds.  Those who serve farmers and work with Agriculture are taught over and over again that there is a big difference between money and wealth. Our job on this Committee on Agriculture is to help create the wealth of America through the investments that we make through this department.  To call this an agriculture bill is a bit misleading. Nearly 60 percent of the programs funded by our subcommittee are nutrition programs, primarily foodstamps. The bill also funds rural development, food assistance, and export programs as well as the Food and Drug Administration.  Mandatory spending not under the jurisdiction of this subcommittee accounts for a majority of the appropriations in this bill. Discretionary spending in this bill amounts to $13.4 billion in budget authority.  I would like to commend the chairman and the members of the subcommittee for putting together a bill that meets the budget mandate bill. We were faced with tight budget constraints that forced us to eliminate a number of programs including the Great Plains Conservation Program as well as 80 special research and extension projects. The bill also places a moratorium on funding for all university research buildings and facilities.  Tough choices had to be made. Yet while faced with tight budget constraints we were still able to shift resources to priority programs.  We continued funding for TEFAP, the Emergency Food Assistance Program, which provides vital support to our community food pantries and senior centers.  The Women, Infants, and Children Feeding Program is provided with a $290 million increase to cover inflation and food cost increases to maintain 1995 participation levels. WIC decreases infant mortality rates and investments in WIC are offset by decreases in long term Federal Medicaid expenditures.  Traditional farm programs however continue to receive a decreasing portion of our spending. With the upcoming debate on the 1995 farm bill, it is my hope to begin targeting our scarce agricultural dollars to small family farmers.  In the decade of the 1980's we have slowly eroded the basis of American agriculture--the family farmer--and are moving in the direction of large corporate farms. We must ensure that to ensure that prices are maintained at a level high enough to compensate for costs or production and to maintain standards of living in order to attract and retain individuals in farm production. We must also negotiate trade agreements which encourage and enhance the ability of family farmers to compete in world markets.  In agriculture trade, we must also work to recapture lost markets and increase exports. As American agricultural exports grow, foreign agriculture exports are being shipped to the United States in greater magnitude. Since 1981, our agricultural exports have declined from $43.8 billion to a low of $26.2 billion in 1986 and back to $42.2 billion for 1992. Under the USDA programs, the profit has gone to the exporter but the cost is charged to the farmer.  Since 1981 agricultural imports have increased from $10.8 billion to $24.3 billion in 1992. In many cases these are products our own farmers could be selling.  In closing, I want to again commend the chairman and the ranking member for putting together a solid bill under difficult budget constraints. I urge the Members to support this fiscally responsible measure.  