Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the amendment we are offering has been redrafted from this afternoon, and I doubt that there will be any points of order that will be able to be raised against the amendment. Essentially what this amendment does is to maintain the successful anti-drug program that has existed since 1988 when Jack Kemp, in the Bush administration, began this program.  In the Case bill, Mr. Chairman, this program was completely zeroed out. During the deliberations of the full committee, I attempted to restore these funds, and we came within five votes of doing so on a bipartisan basis. Sixteen members of the committee were absent for that vote. We went to the Committee on Rules attempting to get a rule that would permit us to offer an amendment concerning this program on the floor.  This is what we are attempting to do this evening. Our amendment will shift $234 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency's disaster relief account and shift it to the public housing modernization account, where it is earmarked for anti-drug activities. This is a budget-neutral amendment, and in fact, even with our amendment passing, this program will have $54 million less in it than in the prior years during which it has been funded.  I do not think any person in this Chamber could agree with me more when I say that there is no greater scourge affecting our country in every city, town, and neighborhood, than the scourge of illicit drugs and drug trafficking. No Member here wants to be in the position of turning back the progress that has been made in this extremely successful program. Every Member, before they vote, should call their mayor, they should call the director of their local housing authority, and ask them how successful this program has been.  I stood in Chicago when Charlie Hayes served in this Chamber and watched snipers on the roofs of those housing projects in Chicago controlling the activities of thousands of people who lived in those buildings and in the surrounding neighborhoods. Mr. Chairman, this program cleans up those streets and projects that were out of control.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts, Joe Kennedy, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Housing and Community Opportunity of the Committee on Banking and Financial Services.  