We are doing real well. We didn't send any before.''  Of course they are sending them to rental car companies in Cancun and in Mexico City where Americans can vacation. They never talk about this number, the 277,000 cars and trucks coming the other way. It completely obliterates this, and that is why America's trade advantage with Mexico has been cut in half and, in October, went into the red. I say to my colleagues, you have to read the fine print so carefully.  It is just like articles in my own local newspaper back home when they talk about wages and they talk about the economy in our area. The last paragraph at the bottom of the page on the insert says, ``But wages didn't go up. There is job creation, but there is no wage growth, and the reason is because we are cashing out our good jobs with good benefits to the low-wage nations of the world that are largely undemocratic in nature whether it's China, whether it's Mexico, whether it's many of the nations that repress their work forces and do not in their laws provide for the dignity of work.''  It does not surprise me why our wages are going down.  Mr. DeFAZIO. And, if we use the other interesting statistic, maybe getting less esoteric here, Treasury has two sets of numbers, and that is for goods exported to Mexico that were made in the United States, and in the second is for goods that were transshipped.  We have become a point of entry for European goods that have shipped a container to New Orleans, and then will ship from New Orleans to Mexico in order to avoid the customs and tariff on European goods, and they add that into our balance of trade. Maybe one dock worker checks that container for 1 or 2 minutes of his or her day, but that was the total American contribution to that effort. But that counts as part of our exports to Mexico. It is, as my colleagues know, it is a transshipment.  I mean it is amazing, the lengths to which our Government has gone to try--and even when they get all done with that, they still have to show a deficit in October, and that was before we got to the devaluation, and does any American believe, or do any of those muckamucks really believe, that we can go on, year in, year out, running a trade deficit with the rest of the world of $120, $140, $160 billion, and someday the piper will not come due. We are not only exporting those jobs this year by running those trade deficits. Someday someone is going to ask us to cough up those dollars that we are shipping overseas. We have more than $1 trillion of Federal debt now. From 1917 until 1984 the U.S. Government was the largest creditor in the world, and now we are the largest debtor in the world. We owe more money to the rest of the world than all of those problem nations combined. Add them up, Brazil, Mexico, everybody else. Our trade debt is greater than every other nation in the world----  