. Treasury and to the Federal Reserve, not that they are not intelligent and hardworking Americans, but their mindset comes from, especially this group over the last several years, from the speculative Wall Street sector, which means that when they have been used to creating all this debt around the world, they are pretty well-heeled themselves, when they get appointed to a top Government position, they forget they are not just dealing with their own customers' funds anymore, they are dealing with taxpayers' public money. There is a difference.  I think one of the problems we have is that when you have this revolving door between Wall Street and some of the institutions of the people of the United States, sometimes I think people forget where they are and they start gambling with our peoples' money rather than the private investors' and speculators' and gamblers' money. There is a big difference.  Let me say to the gentleman from Vermont that I see the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lipinski] has joined us here. I am sure that both of these gentlemen face the same situation in their own districts. But I cannot get loans for my congressional district from the U.S. Treasury in order to clean up the toxic waterways in my community. They told us, ``Well, wait 5 years, wait 10 years, wait 15 years.'' I said, ``Wait a minute, I only get elected for 2 years. I cannot wait for 15. I came here to make it better.'' I cannot get money to build a new tower out at our airport field so that the airplanes do not crash into one another while landing because we have such an old tower that it is on the wrong side of the runway. Well, we cannot get that built. I cannot get a loan from the Treasury backed up by the taxpayers of the United States to do that. I cannot get money for an enterprise community in the center of our city because there was not enough to go around to every major city in Ohio. I could not get the attention of the Federal Reserve or the U.S. Treasury.  I cannot get more money out of this Government to add to the new police class being hired in my district, in my major city and many of the rural communities in my State that are trying to hire policemen, police officers, because of the drug problem. Do you know the transit route, the chief transit route to Toledo, OH, in terms of the drug trade, is direct from Mexico, comes up direct to our community. And I cannot get a loan from our Government to help us deal with the crime situation in our community.  So it gets pretty discouraging when you see the enthusiasm of these former Wall Street speculators down here helping their friends, but I cannot deliver as fast as I want to for the people of my home district, as hard as we try.  I want to acknowledge that we have been joined by Congressman Bill Lipinski, a most esteemed Member from the great city of Chicago, which I like to call the capital of the Midwest. I know how hard he has tried to help not only his own city but this entire Nation through his work here and his years of service. I yield to the gentleman.  