Speaker, I rise today to commend our chairman, the gentleman from New Mexico, and our ranking member, the gentleman from Illinois, for their outstanding leadership in shepherding this bill through conference. While I believe this bill provides adequate funding for agriculture programs and continues our support for American farmers which are the most productive in the world, I have serious concerns with two provisions in the conference report.  First, the conference agreement includes language allowing the Secretary of Agriculture to fund all costs for agricultural equine quarantine inspection services in connection with the 1996 summer games. Mr. Speaker, what we are talking about here is using American tax dollars to pay the fees foreign countries would owe a U.S. Government agency [USDA APHIS] for inspecting horses competing in the equestrian events at the Olympic Games. Let me repeat, this conference report includes language which forgives the fees foreign countries are required to pay for quarantine costs of horses competing in the equestrian competition at the Olympics and then forces U.S. taxpayers to pay the bill. Supporters of this provision in the conference argued that this was a goodwill gesture which will only cost approximately $300,000; $300,000 here, $300,000 there and soon you are talking about real money which can reduce the deficit.  We all know that the days of struggling amateur athletes competing in the Olympic Games are long gone. Individuals often receive government support to compete or have the benefit of corporate sponsorship or endorsement contracts. Why should our taxpayers pay this bill? The Olympic organizers or the corporate sponsors who will make millions on this event should bear this cost.  In addition, I object to the inclusion of language in the conference agreement which prohibits the USDA from enforcing regulations it recently issued, that would have prohibited processors from labeling poultry products chilled to below 26 degrees as fresh. On August 25 USDA issued regulations to take effect 1 year from now which would overturn longstanding USDA policy which allowed chickens that had been chilled to as low as 1 degree Fahrenheit to be labelled as fresh when they are put on sale. Consumers have a right to know whether the chicken they buy is truthfully labelled as fresh and has never been frozen. Everyone agrees that its a bad idea to re-freeze thawed chicken. Yet if the Senate language contained in the conference report prevails, consumers will not know if the chicken they are moving from the fridge to the freezer is being handled correctly.  Mr. Speaker, California passed a law which would have prohibited the sale of frozen chickens as fresh. This law was struck down in Federal court. USDA, after 15 months of study, issued rules which give consumers truth in labelling. Under the rule, only chicken 26 degrees and above is labelled as fresh; 0 to 26 degrees must be labeled as hard chilled or previously hard chilled; and chicken at 0 or below must be labelled as frozen or previously frozen. Industry has two concerns, a 2 degree temperature variance is needed in order to ship chickens in extreme climates and that consumers will not buy chickens labelled as hard chilled. I appreciate industry's concerns but common sense dictates that you do not scrap a rule arrived at after 15 months of review and scientific study. Playing politics with food safety is wrong.  