Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding this time to me.  I rise in strong support of the Coleman amendment and of the contract rights of the bus drivers in my district. Nobody has a right to take those away.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Coleman amendment. No one in this body has the right to cancel a contract, privately negotiated, between workers and their employers. Section 13(c) has served as the basis for stable and productive collective bargaining in the transit industry. Its repeal would undermine a system of labor relations that works and replace it with labor strife. No one in this body has the right to cancel private contracts in Toledo, OH.  Across our Nation, over 200,000 bus drivers and mass transit employees are protected by the collective bargaining agreements covered by section 13(c). The purpose of section 13(c) is to assure transit workers that their collective bargaining contracts will not be jeopardized by Federal transit aid programs. It provides a fair mechanism for the continuation of collective bargaining agreements in the face of service or structural changes. This makes perfect sense. It would be unproductive, even silly, if every shift in Federal transit policy resulted in reopening union contracts and risked labor conflicts. Section 13(c) helps avoid strikes and lockouts. Do the advocates of its repeal want strikes and lockouts?  In part because of 13(c), the transit industry's growth and expansion in urban, suburban and rural areas has been accomplished without needlessly harming transit workers and with the substantial support of transit labor rather than its opposition.  Some argue that 13(c) should be repealed because it slows the Federal transit grant process. I agree that some reforms are in order, but repeal is an amputation where a course of antibiotics would suffice. The Transportation Committee is already considering appropriate changes to section 13(c) which would assure the timely release of grants. Reforms such as a guarantee of certification within 60 days, the application of model labor agreements, and expedited decisions make steps in the right direction without throwing out a labor relations mechanism that works.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Coleman amendment. Let's let the authorization process work and avoid even more slash-and-burn legislation in this appropriations bill.  