 In a few weeks, we here in the Congress are going   to be asked to vote on a balanced budget amendment. What is going to be very interesting about this whole debate is an issue like this one, when our taxpayers can be held hostage through our own U.S. Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve. When the private sector gets in trouble they receive special treatment at the doors of the Federal Reserve and at the doors of the U.S. Treasury. None of that is voted on here. It happens through a private set of relationships, but ultimately they get our taxpayers on the hook.  I have felt for a long time that if we are going to have requirements for certain types of budget balancing here in the Congress, we ought to put some additional restraints on the Federal Reserve and on our own U.S. Treasury Department which has all these sets of special relationships which in the end hold our taxpayers hostage and they cannot do anything about it.  It is the same thing as the savings and loan crisis. It is amazing how that stealth bomber got through here. We hardly had any debate. It came through at 2 in the morning. When the private sector's big financial interests really want something done here, they can certainly achieve it without any amendments to the Constitution. It just happens through sleight of hand.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I do not want to get too far afoot on the Federal Reserve, but I think it would be interesting for people watching to know that now this Congress has subjected itself to all laws. Yet the one entity now left in this country that is exempt from virtually every law, of conflict of interest, public disclosure, freedom of information, is the Federal Reserve Board. They have these extraordinary powers.  I can call and say, ``Excuse me, I'm elected, I represent the Fourth District of Oregon, and I understand you are taking United States dollars and shipping them to Mexico to prop up the peso. I would just like to know what kind of collateral you got, what the terms of these loans are, and what you think the prospects are of repayment and how much money we're shipping to Mexico,'' and the Federal Reserve says to me, ``That's none of your business, and we don't have to tell you. This is national security.''  National security? National security when we are now paying to ship our jobs to Mexico? That is the bottom line here. We can document that there has been a net job loss through the first year of this agreement. That was not predicted by the proponents but was predicted by us.  The gentlewoman has demonstrated it very graphically with the automobile sector. In fact, autos were the No. 3 loser. The No. 1 loser was machinery and electric parts, which was going to build things in Mexico that will be shipped back here. They are a loser. Optical and photo was a big loser, and autos were No. 3.  We had a few winners. Tobacco. We exported more tobacco products to Mexico, we exported more articles of cork, and the Mexicans bought a lot more antiques and art from the United States during the last year.  How many jobs does that produce in America versus the deficit we are running in autos and other critical manufacturing sectors and a growing deficit and one that is going to grow astronomically with the devaluation of the peso?  These are questions that need to be asked and I really appreciate the fact that the gentlewoman has the guts to stand up here on the floor, because there is a lot of pressure, and you know it, for us not to talk out about this.  