The bottom line is that this emergency declaration is nothing more than an end run around a majority, a bipartisan majority, of both the House and the Senate, in complete disregard of our constitutional system of separation of powers.  There is no doubt that we have a broken immigration system, and comprehensive reform should be a subject of congressional deliberation. But today, in particular, we have a new crisis. It is a humanitarian crisis, but the President has said that this wall will solve that problem.  He also says that this is about drugs. Well, let's talk about that, if we could.  Here we have walls that are static. It is very old technology that has been used for many centuries, as we know. Most recently, when the French built the Maginot Line, the Germans went around it in 24 hours, similar to what the President is proposing. He wants a wall on part of the border.  If the problem were people illegally crossing, they would cross in other areas where there is no wall, but that is actually not the case. He says that this will stop the flood of people who are coming to the border. These are not the historic people who were crossing the border legally to come to the United States for the purposes of work and to remit funds home or those who were illegally smuggling drugs through remote areas. This is a humanitarian crisis.  This is recently in Tijuana, a photo of a flood of people coming to actually two areas where we have walls and fences, wanting to surrender to the Border Patrol and claim asylum, or coming to places where we don't have walls and fences, searching for Border Patrol agents so they can claim asylum.  A wall is going to do nothing to deal with the humanitarian crisis, and we need to take a much more thoughtful approach to that.  Secondly, he says it is about drugs. He makes a big deal about this contributing to the deaths in the opioid crisis, fentanyl, and all that. Of course, the Chinese are shipping in fentanyl in other ways. It is not coming across the Mexican border. Maybe we ought to do something about that.  We have tried with walls to prevent the smuggling of drugs. The drug smugglers are very creative. They have used rather primitive devices. That is a catapult. They have used drones. They frequently use tunnels.  We found out, in the trial of El Chapo Guzman, that their preferred route is not some remote area that is unwalled but, actually, to come across at the legal border crossings here. It is such a big business, they can modify a semi tractor-trailer, put in a fake floor, and send 10 in a day. We only inspect 1 out of 10. Therefore, they get nine through. They lose one truck, millions of dollars' worth of drugs in a truck, and they don't care. It is a multimillion-dollar business.  We need new tools and technology at the legal border crossings. In particular, we need that so we can scan 100 percent of the vehicles. We are going to have to reconfigure the border crossings. We have to bring in the equipment. We have to hire more personnel. These are very expensive undertakings.  Instead, we are going to waste money on a static wall, which isn't going to stop the drugs. Even more than that, the former Commandant of the Coast Guard testified that they have actionable intelligence, they think, on about 80 percent of the maritime drug shipments targeting the U.S., mostly from Central America, some from other Asia-Pacific areas.  They can only act on one-fifth of the actionable intelligence because they don't have the personnel. They don't have the ships. They don't have the helicopters. They don't have the tools they need to interdict those maritime drug shipments.  We are going to waste money on a stupid, static wall. Meanwhile, the drugs are going to flood in on a maritime basis or through the legal border crossings.  Last year, the Republicans--this is supposedly a crisis, and somehow it wasn't a crisis when the Republicans controlled the Congress up until the beginning of this year. They refused to appropriate funds for the wall. Then the President shut down the government for 35 days, the longest government shutdown in our Nation's history. More than 800,000 people were either denied coming to work or had to work without pay.  Finally, the President agreed to open the government with a short-term continuing resolution, and he said that lawmakers should come up with a comprehensive border security proposal.  Congress did that. A bipartisan group delivered compromise legislation that rejected the proposed border wall as ineffective. Alternatively, it made effective, robust investments in border security. Congress overwhelmingly passed the legislation. The President agreed to sign it. Then he issued a national emergency declaration in order to raid funds from other departments to secure funding for a border wall, which Congress has repeatedly voted against.  As I already said, he has made it about drugs; the wall will be ineffective. He made it about the humanitarian crisis; the wall will be ineffective.  How is he going to pay for it? Well, he is going to take money that the Department of Defense was going to spend on high-priority military construction projects, which will ultimately undermine the training, readiness, and quality of life for our men and women in the Armed Forces.  In fact, General Robert Neller, Commandant of the Marines, has detailed that the ``unplanned/unbudgeted'' shift of funds to deploy troops to the southern border last fall has forced him to cancel or reduce training exercises, delay urgent repairs, posing an ``unacceptable risk'' to our Armed Forces' training and readiness.  Then he is also going to take, ironically, money from the DOD drug interdiction program, which will further inhibit the capability of the DOD in effectively interdicting drug shipments, in favor of a stupid, static wall.  This emergency declaration also violates a number of existing laws. The Military Construction Codification Act only authorizes the Secretary of Defense to reallocate funds for construction projects during a national emergency if the project is ``necessary to support'' a ``use of the Armed Forces.''  Our Armed Forces are not responsible for enforcing our immigration laws. Using these funds in this way is a direct violation of existing law.  The administration would also need to seize thousands of acres of private property by eminent domain to build this wall. This is the party of private property rights and local control, and they are going to support that activity, or some are.  Currently, more than two-thirds of border property needed to build the wall is owned by private parties or relevant States. In 1952, the Supreme Court held in Youngstown Sheet & Tube that President Truman's declaration of a national emergency, even in the midst of an international armed conflict, did not permit him to unilaterally seize private property.  It is unlikely that this thing will get built anyway, but we are going through this process. Because of this likely illegal overreach, the House passed a bipartisan resolution to terminate the national emergency declaration. Even the Republican-controlled Senate passed the resolution, with 12 Republican Senators breaking with the President.  With the President's decision to override this resolution, we must send a strong, clear message to the President that we live in a constitutional, representative democracy, and the President and his administration cannot ignore Congress and existing law when they don't like our actions.  We must stand up and defend our constitutional system, separation of powers, and Article I of the Constitution of the United States.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  