Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, just expanding a little bit on the former speaker, Representative Graves of Louisiana, I would recommend to people the video that became available last week of the Coast Guard boarding a semisubmersible smuggling drugs. It is an extraordinary video and extraordinary and precarious undertaking by the Coast Guard, jumping from a Zodiac onto the top of this vessel, pounding on the hatch to get the people to open the hatch and surrender.  Again, just reiterating what I said earlier, what they do with drug interdiction far exceeds all of the other Federal agencies combined, and yet they weren't paid during the shutdown doing these dangerous activities, and what they do for Homeland Security, what they do on a daily basis to provide search and rescue activities, keep our mariners safe and maritime safety inspections.  So again, I regret that the technicalities around here didn't allow us to move forward at this time, but I am determined that we will do that.  Mr. Speaker, I also want to raise another issue, and I would hope that the Coast Guard is listening.  I am very concerned. The largest acquisition program--I mentioned earlier about the acquisition budget for recapitalization--is the Offshore Patrol Cutter. Twice now, Representatives and Senators from Florida have attempted to end-run the contracting process. They have a shipyard that claims, that because of the hurricane, they didn't underbid the contract.  No, no, no. They didn't. They didn't. But they need hundreds of millions of dollars more to do the contract without going through a bidding process, without any scrutiny, and without any information being provided to this committee justifying those increases.  In fact, they are saying: Well, we can't get workers because of the hurricane; it is just impossible. Well, we are rebuilding Tyndall Air Force Base. Armed Services hasn't heard anything about that.  And then, also, they say: Well, it is going to take 1.3 million more man-hours.  Well, what does that have to do with not being able to get skilled labor? The allegations by some others in the industry are that they underbid the contract, and now they are trying to come up with a rationale.  It is further disturbing that a former Commandant of the Coast Guard runs this organization. And I am very concerned that the Coast Guard is now contemplating asking Homeland Security to invoke a law they have never used before, claiming national security to renegotiate between the current Commandant of the Coast Guard and the past Commandant of the Coast Guard running this shipyard the terms of this contract.  That is not right. It doesn't protect the taxpayers. It doesn't protect the contracting process. I am going to be pushing very, very hard on this issue.  That said, there are many meritorious things in this bill, and I will yield back the balance of my time after recommending a unanimous vote by the House of Representatives. Hopefully, the Senate won't take 1\1/2\ years to get the bill done this time, so actually it will be a 2-year authorization instead of a 2-year/1-year authorization.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  