Speaker, why are we here today? We are here today because the President is down on the border and he wants to build, along part of the border, a wall, a Maginot Line, if you would have it. The French thought that they could keep the Germans out by building a fortified wall and fortifications along part of their border. The Germans went around it.  Well, if the drugs were coming over the border illegally, they would go around it. But that is not where they are coming. They are coming through the ports of entry, where we don't have enough personnel, who, by the way, aren't getting paid today, and where we don't have the technology we need to find the humans and the drugs that are being smuggled through in tractor trailers and other vehicles across the border.  If you want to invest in border security, that is a place to invest in border security.  Now, the President promised us a grand infrastructure plan. Little did we know it was going to be a partial wall along the Mexican border that he felt so strongly about that he would shut down the government.  We have the busiest, most complex aviation system in the world. It is the safest in the world. Today, 14,000 air traffic controllers are working without pay. They all got checks today--I just got a copy of one--for $0. So they are still processing their checks, but the check is for $0.  Then we have 3,300 aviation inspectors who are furloughed. They are not essential. We are allowing the airline industry and all the aircraft maintenance facilities and everything else to self-regulate. No one is looking over their shoulder. ``Oh, don't worry about it. No problems.'' Right.  Then, of course, there are a few other issues that this bill would deal with. We have a $100 billion backlog to bring existing transit, which is inadequate for today's needs, up to a state of good repair. This is delaying dealing with that problem more and more into the future.  We have 56,000 bridges on the national highway system that need substantial repair or replacement. Well, guess what? That is not going forward today either.  Last year, we wasted 3.1 billion gallons of gasoline and diesel idling in traffic. A lot of concern about climate change--well, on this side of the aisle, not on that side of the aisle. They don't believe in it. I don't know, maybe the gentleman from Florida does; they are kind of going underwater.  But we aren't giving people the options they need to get out of their cars, to be more efficient with transit.  Wastewater, the Federal Government used to partner with communities to deal with wastewater. We are not doing that anymore.  So are we going to rebuild America? Are we going to deliver on the President's promise of something other than a stupid, wasteful, ineffective wall?  How about shutting down the government because Congress won't provide the funding we need to rebuild our infrastructure? That would be, perhaps, a better cause for this President.  I urge Members to vote for this, reopen the government, fund transportation and infrastructure, and fund our air traffic controllers who are keeping us safe.  