 Madam Speaker, I was just looking up that most of the deaths--or many--are due to fentanyl, and the fentanyl, of course, is all produced in China. Some of it is shipped via UPS, FedEx, and the international postal service. We lack the screening capability to deal with that.  Much of it does go to Mexico and is then smuggled into the U.S., but it is not the classic myth of these people carrying backpacks through remote areas of the desert where, if we only put up a wall, the wall would stop them from getting the drugs into the U.S.  If people had paid attention to the extraordinary trial of El Chapo Guzman in New York, which I did, there was testimony after testimony after testimony that he is bringing and they--his successors--are bringing the drugs through our ports of entry, because they deal in volume and sophistication.  And what are we going to do? We are going to build a medieval wall over here while they continue to flood this country by modifying pickup trucks, passenger cars, and semis to smuggle humans and drugs into the United States of America.  Border Patrol is understaffed. Border Patrol does not have adequate technology. They only screen a very small percentage of the vehicles coming through, sometimes 6 percent, sometimes as high as 8 percent. Wow.  Well, then, you have got a 92 percent chance, if you are El Chapo Guzman or some other scumbag drug person from a cartel in Mexico, of getting your product in in an efficient, volumetric way.  Why would you pay someone with a backpack to go through some remote area when you can just ship them in that way, or you can use FedEx or UPS if you are Chinese.  You can go online and find Chinese selling fentanyl, and they will give you advice about how you should order it from them and how you can get it into the United States.  Why aren't we doing something about that? The President is making a big deal about getting tough on China. They are producing all the fentanyl, and it is coming in here in many, many different ways, and this wall will do nothing--nothing--to deal with that.  Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House.  