Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in support of the bill introduced by the gentleman from Minnesota, Representative Stauber. H.R. 1775 would create a task force to review existing methods for presenting notices to airmen and -women, or NOTAMs--maybe we have to add a W after the M, we will work on that--to pilots. NOTAMs provide pilots with essential real-time information regarding abnormalities or issues in the National Airspace System. For example, NOTAMs alert pilots to potential hazards in the airspace or at an airport, such as, more mundanely, closed runways or taxiways. They are also used during space launches and things like that.  While pilots are required to review all NOTAMs before flight, there has been concern about the lengthiness and completeness of the critical information contained in NOTAMs and how the information is displayed to and organized for pilots.  Under H.R. 1775 the task force will determine best practices for organizing and presenting flight operations information to pilots in the most optimal manner and make recommendations to improve the presentation of NOTAM information while ensuring their accuracy and completeness.  Recommendations from the task force could help prevent future aviation accidents and near accidents. We saw that in July 2017 an Air Canada A320 almost landed on top of five jetliners with more than 1,000 people onboard awaiting take-off at San Francisco International Airport before executing an emergency go-around. The aircraft came as close as 60 feet above one of the planes on the ground. That would have been catastrophic if that plane had just descended a little bit more.  There were no injuries, but this could have been catastrophic, as I said. The National Transportation Safety Board determined the probable cause of the incident was the pilots' misidentification of the taxiway for a runway based in part on their ineffective review of NOTAMs.  NOTAMs can and must be better and more clear for pilots. I expect the task force established under H.R. 1775 will lead to good work and recommendations that will improve safety, hopefully, in the near future without any sort of lengthy rulemaking process.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting the legislation. I reserve the balance of my time.  