Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be standing on the floor here with my colleague, Mr. Meadows, at this time, perhaps a bit more in agreement.  So this bill, H.R. 1306, the Federal Disaster Assistance Coordination Act, was introduced by Representatives Meadows and Peters. It amends the Disaster Recovery Reform Act, DRRA, so-called, to help Federal agencies streamline and consolidate information, collection, and preliminary damage assessments following disasters.  When a disaster occurs, Americans don't have time to wait around for the bureaucracy to get the assistance that they are entitled to. Today, there are too many barriers that stand between emergency response and Americans in crisis due to a disaster, whether it is a flood, a hurricane, a wildfire, or an earthquake. Whatever the disaster might be, the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other Federal agencies are supposed to be there to help.  Currently, the implementation of those recovery efforts and that disaster assistance is hampered by inefficient information collection and assessments conducted by multiple agencies. Some of them even come in like a year after the fact and say: Wait a minute. We didn't authorize that. That kind of thing has got to stop.  So this will remove information collection barriers that currently impede disaster aid. It creates a working group to identify duplicative assessments--we don't need to waste money on those--and it proposes getting rid of them by administrative rule or, if necessary, by legislation.  Further, it would streamline Federal disaster recovery efforts by concluding that a single agency is sufficient to conduct damage assessments to account for the needs of disaster victims.  Again, we have multiple agencies with conflicting opinions and numbers, and sometimes they come back to communities and want money back. Really? The other agency approved the money. Oh, but you didn't think--this has got to be done better, more efficiently, in coordination with a single lead. So I am pleased that this bill is before us today.  Mr. Speaker, I obviously recommend an ``aye'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my time.  