Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the President has declared a national emergency so that he can divert funds from the Pentagon and other agencies to deal with the national emergency on the border. The largest diversion of funds is going into a wall.  The President says the emergency is mostly about the smuggling of drugs. Interesting.  As we know from testimony when Carlos Guzman was tried and convicted in New York, a big drug lord from Mexico, his hench-people and others testified that the cartels don't use people with backpacks through remote areas of the desert. That is too inefficient for a multibillion-dollar business.  What they do is send trucks, which they have modified, semis, through our border control points, where we only inspect 6 percent of the trucks, so they lose one every once in a while. So what? With tens of millions of dollars, it doesn't matter to them. It is just the cost of doing business, kind of like taxes.  What is the President doing about the border control points? Nothing. We are not buying the new technology we need and reconfiguring them so that we can inspect every truck that comes across the border.  They have another way of getting the drugs in, which they are using more and more and more. That is that they use semi-submersibles and other boats and ships to smuggle the drugs around, on the coasts of the United States.  The Coast Guard is our prime line of defense against this. The retired last Commandant of the Coast Guard said that we have actionable intelligence on 80 percent of the drug shipments coming into the United States, but the Coast Guard only has resources to intercept 20 percent.  Just last week, the Coast Guard intercepted a semi-submersible that had 12,000 pounds of cocaine on it. That would be a heck of a lot of people with backpacks coming across the border, as the President alleges--no, that is not the way they do it--worth over $165 million.  What is the President doing? He is diverting money from the Coast Guard to the physical, land-based border and saying that somehow this is going to help us stop the drug shipments.  Here is the Coast Guard with a prior drug shipment that they intercepted. Now, they just intercepted another.  We have all seen the videos of them jumping onto these semi-submersibles out in the middle of the Pacific, with 6- to 8-foot swells, jumping on there and stopping and arresting these people.  What is the President doing? He is cutting the Coast Guard's capability of doing this.  Back to the border. Again, there are a few things we could be doing.  Oh, look, there is something just like what the President wants, a big, tall fence with slats. People seem to be climbing over it.  Here is the border control point. Six percent of these vehicles will be inspected.  Here is a tunnel under it.  There is a drone over it.  Some of these people are really ingenious. They even are imitating the Middle Ages, using catapults to throw drugs over where there is an existing wall.  Here we are, cutting $6 billion from the Pentagon for critical needs of the Pentagon for housing where troops are living in mold-infested barracks, for training facilities for the National Guard, for firefighting facilities on our military bases, and from daycare centers for our troops' kids. And we don't pay these troops a heck of a lot of money; they can't afford to send their kids off base to daycare.  The President says all that stuff is going to be cut because we have to build his stupid wall, which isn't even targeting the way drugs are really brought into the United States of America. This is just an abysmally stupid waste of money, but he is delivering on a campaign promise.  Oh, wait a minute. Mexico is going to pay. Who is going to pay? Mexico. Who is going to pay? Mexico.  Then he had a phone call with the President of Mexico saying: I know you are not going to pay it--we have this transcript, too--but you can't say publicly you are not going to pay for it. We are going to pay for it.  The taxpayers of the United States are going to pay for his stupid, useless wall, cutting essential things from the Coast Guard, which does real, dangerous work every day intercepting drugs; cutting funds from the military, which needs these facilities for their troops, troop morale, and the safety and security of our troops. All for a stupid wall.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  