Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       At the end of division E (before the short title), insert      the following:       Sec. __.  None of the funds made available by this Act may      be used to carry out section 4(b) of Executive Order 13868 or      to issue a special permit under section 107.105 of title 49,      Code of Federal Regulations, that allows liquified natural      gas to move by rail tank car.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 445, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chair, this is an extraordinary move to suddenly turn trains into liquid natural gas pipelines. Of course, liquid natural gas is not transported by pipeline. It brittlizes metal, and this would be a new and innovative way of moving liquified natural gas.  Now, there are a few problems with this. We had the Administrator into the committee last week. It is going to be moved in DOT 113 tank cars.  I said: Are those puncture-proof?  He said: No, they are not puncture-proof.  I said: Well, what happens?  He said: Oh, we carry volatiles all the time.  I said: You don't carry anything like liquified natural gas.  There is something called the BLEVE; it is a boiling liquified explosive vapor explosion. So the BLEVE has an unbelievable blast impact. And this is just one rail car. These will be six trains a day going through the most populated parts of Florida, 100 cars in each train.  Envision this: Here is Fort Lauderdale, Florida. This is the blast zone. And that is just one--one--of these tank cars. It is likely it will cause a chain reaction and explosion. It is going to be about as powerful as Hiroshima if it goes off.  Now, this maybe will get someone's attention. This is the Brightline high-speed rail line. That is where they are going to run six trains a day with 100 cars of liquified natural gas--never, ever been done before; except in small containers, never been done before.  And, oh, by the way, within the blast zone is Mar-a-Lago. Are they going to allow the trains to run while the President is there?  All you need is someone with a .50 caliber to shoot a hole in one of those tank cars and you are going to have one humongous explosion that goes beyond Mar-a-Lago.  So what is the foolishness?  The Pipeline and Hazardous Safety Materials Agency has not evaluated this. They are the ones who are supposed to do this. They haven't finished imposing laws that we put in place in2011 for the safe movement of hazardous goods, but now they are rushing this through.  The administration says, oh, no, we want this permit done in 12 months. Well, maybe the President doesn't know he is in a blast zone. Maybe he wouldn't be ordering it be done in 12 months if he knew it was within the blast zone.  Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.  