Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       At the end of division A (before the short title), insert      the following:       Sec. ___.  None of the funds made available by this Act may      be used to--       (1) alter or terminate the Interagency Agreement between      the United States Department of Labor and the United States      Department of Agriculture governing the funding,      establishment, and operation of Job Corps Civilian      Conservation Centers (or any agreement of the same      substance); or       (2) close any of the following Civilian Conservation      Centers:       (A) Angell Job Corps Civilian Conversation Center.       (B) Boxelder Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (C) Centennial Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (D) Collbran Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (E) Columbia Basin Job Corps Basin Civilian Conservation      Center.       (F) Curlew Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (G) Great Onyx Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (H) Harpers Ferry Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (I) Lyndon B. Johnson Job Corps Civilian Conservation      Center.       (J) Jacobs Creek Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (K) Mingo Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (L) Pine Ridge Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (M) Schenck Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (N) Trapper Creek Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (O) Weber Basin Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (P) Wolf Creek Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (Q) Anaconda Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (R) Blackwell Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (S) Cass Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (T) Flatwoods Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (U) Fort Simcoe Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (V) Frenchburg Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (W) Oconaluftee Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (X) Pine Knot Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.       (Y) Timber Lake Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment to preserve the Job Corps Civilian Conservation Center, CCC, program.  Last month the Trump administration, in a shortsighted manner, announced plans to permanently close nine of the centers and hand the remaining 16 facilities over to private contractors by the end of the year.  This is an incredibly successful program. They have a unique mandate within Job Corps to help conserve, develop, manage public natural resources and areas and to respond to natural disasters. The 25 CCCs operate in 17 national forests and grasslands across 16 States and train thousands of at-risk youth every year.  Many of these young adults, being at risk, come from rural communities, and these programs provide them with cutting-edge vocational training and pathways out of poverty in addition to providing critical opportunities to struggling rural areas.  Beyond this, CCCs provide essential capacity for the Forest Service to fulfill its mission. During the height of the 2017 fire season, 1,200 students provided 450,000 hours of wildfire support, and after Hurricane Harvey, the students provided 5,000 hours of support to impacted communities.  This is wrong for our rural communities, wrong for the Forest Service, and it is wrong to abandon at-risk youth by killing this program. Now is the wrong time to be reducing capacity.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.  