Speaker, you know you have drafted a strong bill when you unite both national security hawks and civil libertarians. The USA FREEDOM Act has done that. It also has the support of privacy groups, tech companies, and the intelligence community.  This bill is an extremely well-drafted compromise, the product of nearly 2 years of work. It effectively protects America's civil liberties and our national security. I am very proud of the USA FREEDOM Act and am confident it is the most responsible path forward.  I do not fault my colleagues who wish that this bill went further to protect our civil liberties. For years, the government has violated the privacy of innocent Americans, and I share your anger, but letting section 215 and other surveillance authorities expire would not only threaten our national security, it would also mean less privacy protections. I emphasize it would also mean less privacy protections.  The USA FREEDOM Act also ends bulk collections across all domestic surveillance authorities, not just section 215. It also expands transparency with increased reporting from both government and private companies. If the administration finds a new way to circumvent the law, Congress and the public will know. The bill also requires the FISC to declassify significant legal decisions, bringing an end to secret laws.  If the PATRIOT Act authorities expire and the FISC approves bulk collection under a different authority, how will the public know? Without the USA FREEDOM Act, they will not. Allowing the PATRIOT Act authorities to expire sounds like a civil libertarian victory, but it will actually mean less privacy and more risk--less privacy and more risk.  Now, to my colleagues who oppose the USA FREEDOM Act because they don't believe it does enough for national security, this bill is a significant improvement over the status quo. Americans will be safer post USA FREEDOM than they would be if Congress passes a clean reauthorization of the expiring provisions.  I am not ignorant to the threats we face, but a clean reauthorization would be irresponsible. Congress never intended section 215 to allow bulk collection. That program is illegal and based on a blatant misinterpretation of the law. That said, the FREEDOM Act gives the intelligence community new tools to combat terrorism in more targeted and effective ways.  Specifically, the bill replaces the administration's bulk metadata collection with a targeted program to collect only the records the government needs without compromising the privacy of innocent Americans.  It includes new authorities to allow the administration to expedite emergency requests under section 215 and fills holes in our surveillance law that require intelligence agencies to go dark on known terrorists or spies when they transit from outside to inside the U.S. or vice versa.  Under current law, the administration has to temporarily stop monitoring persons of interest as it shifts between domestic and international surveillance authorities. What is more likely to stop the next terrorist attack: the bulk collection of innocent Americans or the ability to track down a known terrorist as soon as he or she enters the United States?  If you answer that question the same way I do, then don't let the bluster and fear-mongering of the bill's opponents convince you we are safer with a clean reauthorization than we are with this bill.  Attorney General Lynch and Director of National Intelligence Clapper recognize this. In a recent letter of support, they wrote:       The significant reforms contained in this legislation will      provide the public greater confidence in how our intelligence      activities are carried out and in the oversight of those      activities, while ensuring vital national security      authorities remain in place.  Let's not kill these important reforms because we wish this bill did more. There is no perfect. Every bill we vote on could do more. I play the lottery. When I win, I don't throw away the winning ticket because I wish the jackpot were higher.  It is time to pass the USA FREEDOM Act. I am asking all my colleagues--Democrats and Republicans, security hawks, and civil libertarians--to vote for it. Let's speak with one voice in the House of Representatives and together urge the United States Senate to work quickly and adopt these important reforms.  