Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution and commend the chairman of the committee and the ranking member for their leadership on this issue.  I regret that the gentleman from California has left the floor.  Mr. Speaker, one of the things that made me nervous, very frankly, during the Cold War, was some well-meaning Members used to get up and draw parallelisms between Soviet actions and perceived problems in the United States. There was no parallelism or comparison to be drawn. And the gentleman from California that tries to draw a parallelism between the Muslims and Mr. Izetbegovic and the Croats and the Serbs, I would, with all due respect to the gentleman from California, strongly disagree.  President Reagan saw evil, and he called it evil. That was what it should have been, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker. Milosevic is evil. I do not come to this floor for a brief on Mr. Tudjman or Mr. Izetbegovic, but I see no parallel between the war crimes sanctioned by, led by and committed by Mr. Milosevic and the other two.  The fact of the matter, Mr. Speaker, is once again the butcher of Belgrade has struck, and the victims are his own citizens. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, we should not be surprised. This is a conflict that has been simmering for a long, long time; some would say centuries.  The new Chairman of the OSCE, Foreign Minister Bronislav Geremek of Poland, in mid-February, just 30 days ago, referred to the situation in Kosovo as, and I quote, a conflict in preparation.  As many of my colleagues know, Kosovo has been overshadowed for some years by the conflict in Bosnia. Preoccupation with Bosnia, in fact,contributed to the maintenance of the status quo in Kosovo, especially since there was a strong chance early on for the Bosnian conflict to have a spillover effect on nearby regions.  Like a number of my colleagues, I have been to Pristina, the capital of Kosovo. I have talked to Kosovars, but, more importantly, I have talked to Milosevic's hand-picked representative in Pristina. And I asked that representative, ``Is there one person, just one, one Kosovar, out of the 90 percent Albanian population in Kosovo, just one that you think is reasonable enough to sit down at the table with and discuss the resolution of the conflicts that exist in Kosovo?'' That representative of Mr. Milosevic could not think of one name in all of Kosovo that would be an appropriate interlocutor for peaceful discussions of the resolution of conflicts. Is it any wonder, therefore, that conflict has not been resolved, if one side could not find one person with whom to discuss reasonable resolution?  The recent violence has shattered this status quo, and we are now faced with a possibility of further violence in Kosovo which could spill over into neighboring Macedonia and, indeed, Albania itself. Clearly, Slobodon Milosevic has fomented hatred between the people of the former Yugoslavia as a means to maintain power and ward off democratic development in Serbia itself.  In 1989, as has been said by my friend from New York, whose leadership has been so outstanding on this issue, Milosevic unilaterally and illegally revoked Kosovo's previous autonomy. He made discrimination against ethnic Albanians, who constitute 90 percent of the population of Kosovo, official policy. Discrimination was and is now official policy of the government in Belgrade.  He has repressed freedom of speech, and his police force has arbitrarily harassed, detained, tortured and, yes, even murdered innocent Albanians on a regular basis. The recent massive attacks by Serbian police and paramilitary units are said to be in response to the formation of the Kosovo Liberation Army, which seeks to fight repression with terrorism.  Mr. Speaker, terrorism in any form must be condemned loudly and unequivocally. Violence by either sides will only beget more violence. That said, however, the magnitude of the response by the Serbian authorities is reprehensible. The attacks on several Albanian villages, which left dozens dead, including women and children, and many others injured or displaced, is an absolute and undeniable contravention of the standard for the behavior of governments, as stated in Helsinki Final Act and numerous United Nations documents. They are to be condemned, and those responsible must face consequences.  Mr. Speaker, this resolution calls for the maintenance of sanctions against the Government of Serbia, the reestablishment of the OSCE mission, and the immediate implementation of the agreement on education.  I also support the contact group's call for the prosecution of war criminals, war criminals present in Yugoslavia, not just by definition of us on the floor, but of our own State Department under the Bush administration and under this administration. Mr. Speaker, I believe what has happened in Kosovo constitutes crimes against humanity, and the Hague-based tribunal should have authority to prosecute.  Finally, I agree with the contact group's recommendation of an adaption of the mandate for UNPREDEP, the U.N. peacekeeping force in neighboring Macedonia, which has, as we know, a U.S. contingent. If Kosovo explodes, its potential for direct spillover into neighboring countries is actually greater than it was for Bosnia, and we must be prepared for that threat.  Mr. Speaker, given our witness to the horrors which took place in Bosnia, we should be aware of the dangers in Kosovo, and we must not fail to act.  