Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Traficant), my friend, for those very kind remarks. I want to thank the Committee for reporting this resolution out in a timely fashion.  For the last 7 years, Mr. Speaker, I have sponsored a resolution for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby to hold its race along Constitution Avenue, as the gentleman from California (Mr. Kim) has said.  I proudly introduced H. Con. Res. 255 to permit the 57th running of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, which is to take place on the Capitol grounds on July 11 of this year.  This resolution authorizes the Architect of the Capitol, the Capitol Police, and the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to negotiate the necessary arrangements for carrying out the running of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby in complete compliance with rules and regulations governing the use of the Capitol grounds.  In the past, the full House has supported this resolution, once reported favorably by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I ask my colleagues to join again with me along with the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Davis); the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton); the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Wynn); the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf); the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella); and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) in supporting this resolution.  From 1992 to 1997, the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby welcomed over 40 contestants which made the Washington DC race one of the largest in the country. This event has been one of the largest steps in turning the local area into a grand event for kids. Participants, as it has been said, range from 9 to 16, and hail from communities in Maryland, the District of Columbia, and Virginia. The winners of this local event will represent the Washington metropolitan area in the national race, which will be held in Akron, OH on August 8, 1998.  The Derby provides our young people with an opportunity to gain valuable skills, such as engineering and aerodynamics. Furthermore, the Derby promotes teamwork, a strong sense of accomplishment, sportsmanship, leadership and responsibility.  These are positive attributes that we should encourage children to carry into adulthood. The young people involved spend months, Mr. Speaker, preparing themselves for this race, and the day that they complete the race makes it all the more worthwhile. In addition, this event provides parents, local residents, and tourists with a safe and enjoyable day of activities.  I hope my colleagues will support this resolution on behalf of the children and families of the Washington metropolitan area.  Mr. Speaker, this is somewhat like motherhood and apple pie, the Soap Box Derby. Young people using their talent, with an objective and goal in mind, teaching them lessons that will be good for them throughout their lives. It is young people like these contestants in the Soap Box Derby who, I might say, Mr. Speaker, are all winners, all winners for having participated, set for themselves a goal, exercised their talent and enterprise to achieve that goal, and then participate in the competition that is so much a part of life.  Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank the committee for reporting out this resolution in a timely fashion.  