Speaker, I have prepared remarks, as so many do, but I have much more in my heart that is not written down in these prepared remarks, and so I will include them.  They talk about my sadness in hearing of Ron's decision to retire. Not sadness for him, because for him it is the right thing to do at this time, but sadness for his colleagues and his friends, his brothers, as my colleague who previously spoke enunciated; sadness for the people of California and of Berkeley and of his district; sadness for this institution.  Ron Dellums is a tall man. He is a stately man. The Washingtonian called him one of the best dressed men in Washington. He is indeed one of the best dressed men in this country. But those are superficial distinctions, because the measure of the man that we know as Ron Dellums is not on the outside, it is on the inside. A man of great conviction, which he couples with great courage, which he applies to deeply held principles as he debates the issues of the day and, indeed, of the centuries. Ron Dellums is a man of purpose, a man of humor, and a man of serious resolution. Ron Dellums is a man who has demonstrated the best there is in this body.  Many of us will rise and say from time to time we disagreed with Ron Dellums and, very frankly, we could say that about any person in this House, because never do we always agree with everybody else. But there was never, ever a disagreement that Ron Dellums was one of the most respected, if not the most respected person in this body. And when he rose to speak, people listened, not because they were convinced they would agree but because they were convinced that they would learn and they would hear the best side of the argument.  We are all very sad, Ron, that you are leaving this body. It will be a lesser body for your leaving. We will be less happy for your absence, but we will be eternally grateful to God that he gave you to us to enrich our lives, enrich our intellects, and expand our knowledge.  Ron Dellums tells a story about being a Negro when he tried to join the Marines. And he joined the Marines and was considered to be an officer. And because they found he was a Negro, not an African-American, not a black, but a Negro, he was not admitted to OCS. How ironic that he would rise to be the chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, one of the most powerful representatives of the defense establishment in America.  And the great thing about Ron Dellums is he looks back on that without rancor, without anger, but with a conviction that America has changed, and America has changed for the better. It has done so in part because of the leadership of our friend and our colleague, a great American, a great Member of Congress, and a great member of humankind.  Thank you, Ron, for all you have given and all you have meant to all of us.  