Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a dear friend of mine, Congressman Ron Dellums of California. It is with great sadness that I note that Ron will be retiring from the 105th Congress, after serving in this body for 27 years.  Ron brought a tremendous amount of insight to his work in Congress. Having once worked as a social worker he ran for the Berkeley city council in 1967, starting his political career. In 1970, he beat a Democratic incumbent to win a seat in Congress.  Times were turbulent when Ron entered Congress, particularly in his home town of Berkeley, California. He immediately sought and won a seat on the Armed Services Committee, where he became a leader in helping to craft American military and foreign policy and advocated for an end to the Vietnam war.  Ron used his seat on Armed Forces to push for arms reductions, peaceful resolution of international conflict and for alternatives to the use of military force.  Representing Berkeley and Oakland, California, Ron used his position on Armed Forces to advocate for funding of social programs to invigorate and renew these two cities. He pushed for money to be spend on the poor and uneducated and gave voice to those in society who often do not have a voice in government.  In 1993, he became chairman of the Armed Service Committee. His chairmanship is remembered as being very even handed with a strong respect for the input of all committee members. As chairman on the committee, and continuing this Congress through his role as the ranking member, Ron has consistently examined the military's role in the post cold-war era, while advocating for stronger rules on sexual harassment and discrimination in America's Armed Forces.  While he and I have sometimes differed on our national security goals, Ron has always taken the views of other Members into his consideration. This sense of fairness and respect for this institution is what will be missed.  Along with identifying himself as a progressive expert in military affairs, Ron has been a consistent champion of civil rights and equal rights for all Americans. In 1971, as a freshman Member, Ron first proposed sanctions against South Africa. Throughout a bitter battle in the 70's and 80's these sanctions were finally passed in 1986. Through his dedication and leadership, Congress imposed sanctions on the apartheid government of South Africa, which led to democracy and full party participation. The highlight of Ron Dellums work on bringing this issue to the attention of Congress and the American people was when South African President Nelson Mandela addressed Congress. This day must have been one of Ron's best days and fondest memory while serving in Congress.  I will miss my friend Ron and the work we have done together. The institution of Congress is losing one of its finest Members, not to mention one of its best dressed according to Washingtonian Magazine. His tireless advocacy for the poor, and less fortunate will be missed by myself and many Members of this body.  I wish Ron the best of luck and continuing success in all of his endeavors.  