Speaker, the distinguished gentleman from Illinois rose and said correctly that each of us in this body took a solemn oath to defend the Constitution of the United States. A part of that Constitution gives us the awesome responsibility of judging the conduct of public officers and holding them accountable if they do not meet their constitutional responsibilities in carrying out their duties of office.  This proceeding, as we go forth from this day, will be about that responsibility. But today's proceedings are not about the President of the United States, but about the fairness that this House is going to accord in the carrying out of its responsibilities.  Our citizens expect fairness. America's constitutional system is almost unique in its adherence to due process, to giving citizens their right to be heard. We should do no less for those whose conduct we have the responsibility to oversee.  This week, I tell my friends, is not a harbinger of fairness to come. Without notice, quickly, and to some, surprisingly, with unique timing, theatrically, obviously designed for television exposure, a report was delivered to this House, creating, I suggest to you, more of a circus atmosphere than a judicial, considered atmosphere.  We have now failed to provide one of the parties with notice as to what was going to proceed. I tell my friend from Illinois, whose intellect and integrity I have no question of, that if we are in fact acting as a grand jury, we would not release information, as no grand jury does. We in fact would review that information, consider its import, and then, and only then, report our findings.  That is not to be the case, for we will release this document. Many believe that we ought to release it so at least it is seen in whole, not in part, through leaks, which surely would happen.  Mr. Speaker, you have called for nonpartisanship, but all of us know that this surely is one of the most partisan Congresses in history. We need more, my friends, than rhetorical recognition of fairness. We must have substantive adherence and the realization of fairness. Let us do our responsibility, as the citizens expect us to do that responsibility.  Mr. Speaker, the distinguished gentleman from Illinois rose and said correctly that each of us in this body took a solemn oath to defend the Constitution of the United States. A part of that Constitution gives us the awesome responsibility of judging the conduct of public officers and holding them accountable it if they do not meet their constitutional responsibilities in carrying out their duties of office.  From this day forward, this proceeding will depend upon that responsibility. However, today's proceedings do not relate to the President of the United States, rather, they relate to the fairness that this House is going to accord in the execution of its responsibilities.  Our citizens expect fairness. America's constitutional system is almost unique in its adherence to due process, as it grants citizens their right to be heard. We should do no less for those whose conduct we have the responsibility to oversee.  Unfortunately, this week is not a harbinger of fairness to come. Surprisingly for some, theatrically for most, a report was delivered to this House. It's unique arrival created more of a circus atmosphere then one of judicious consideration.  We have already failed to inform one of the parties involved in this matter with proper notice as to what is yet to come. I tell my friend from Illinois, whose intellect and integrity I do not question, that we were in fact to act as a grand jury, then we would not release information. No grand jury does. We would, in fact, review the information, consider its import, and then, and only then, report our findings.  That will not be the case here. We will release this report. Many believe we ought to release it so at least it is seen in whole, not in part as a result of leaks, which surely would happen.  Mr. Speaker, you have called for non-partisanship. Yet all of us know that this surely is one of the most partisan Congresses in history. We need more than rhetorical recognition of fairness. We must have the substantive realization of fairness. Let us execute our responsibility as the American citizens expect and as we are solemnly pledged to do.  