Speaker, on April 18, 1998 Senator Terry Sanford died at the age of eighty after a long battle with cancer.  He was a Governor, a Senator, a two-time Presidential candidate, a lawyer, an author and a president of Duke University.  Growing up in the segregated south, the town of Laurinburg, North Carolina, young Terry learned the value of hard work and money from the abject poverty his family lived in after his father's hardware store went bankrupt.  After a stint as a paratrooper in Europe during World War II, Terry Sanford returned to his native North Carolina to attend the University of North Carolina law school and to become the progressive voice of the Democratic Party in North Carolina.  In 1960, Terry Sanford ran for Governor of North Carolina and faced a spirited campaign against an avowed segregationist.  He was forced into a run-off but won with 56% of the vote and went on to become Governor of the State of North Carolina.  Terry Sanford assumed the governorship at a very turbulent time in the history of North Carolina and the South.  The historic sit-in at the lunch counter at Woolworth's began just weeks after he assumed his office.  While some southern Governors were calling for resistance to this nascent civil rights movement and defended segregation, Terry Sanford called for moderation.  In his 1961 inaugural address, Terry Sanford called for a ``new day'' in which ``no group of our citizens can be denied the right to participate in the opportunities of first-class citizenship.''  Along with civil rights and integration, Terry Sanford also stood for education since his earliest days.  He created the community college system in North Carolina and the North Carolina School for the Arts in Winston-Salem and the Governor's School, a summer program for the most talented students in the State. He was recognized in a 1981 Harvard University study which ranked him as one of the Nation's top 10 Governors of the 20th Century.  Constitutionally prohibited from seeking a second term, Terry Sanford looked for a new challenge. He started a law firm and turned down quite a few excellent opportunities such as becoming United States Ambassador to France, before he assumed the presidency of Duke University in 1970.  At Duke University Terry Sanford doubled the Duke Medical Center's capacity making it a nationally recognized medical center and school and created the J.B. Fuqua School of Business.  Continuing his dedication to Democratic politics, in 1972 Terry Sanford campaigned in the Democratic Presidential primary.  Although he withdrew from the primary, Terry Sanford's ideas and ideals made an impact both in 1972 and during his second campaign for the nomination in 1976.  In 1973, Terry Sanford was elected chairman of the 100 member Democratic Party Charter Commission which rewrote the party's Presidential nominating rules.  He remained active in politics both in North Carolina and nationally.  In 1985, Terry Sanford retired from the presidency of Duke University.  In 1986, Terry Sanford ran for the United States Senate and defeated Republican Jim Broyhill.  During his term in the Senate, Terry Sanford was remembered as a thoughtful legislator who took an interest in international affairs and education.  He was a strong supporter of personal freedom and peace.  In 1992, Terry Sanford lost his re-election for a second term to a former Democratic ally of his, now a Republican.  One can only imagine what Terry Sanford would have accomplished in the United States Senate if he had been elected to a second term.  After his loss, Terry returned to North Carolina, advising political candidates and spending time with his family.  Mr. Speaker, Terry Sanford was a remarkable American.  One who understood the challenges of his time and rose to the occasion. While all too often public servants run from the pressing issues of the day, trying to avoid difficult decisions and choices, Terry Sanford did not.  His heroic stand against the status quo throughout his entire life, and his belief that he could make North Carolina and the United States a better place is what we stand here today to remember.  