Chairman, I rise in strong support of the legislation, in strong support of the McCollum amendment, and in opposition to the Sensenbrenner amendment.  The Sensenbrenner amendment is nothing short for a ``takings'' provision. I have heard a lot about taking. This is about taking, whether to or not to. It would force songwriters to provide their music for free to restaurants and others. These restaurants then, in turn, use this music to enhance their business.  How is this fair? For the thousands of songwriters, composers and music publishers, this amendment is a two-fold insult. First, it says to them, ``Your hard work and creative talent aren't worth protecting.'' Then it says, ``And by the way, it's not worth a dime either.''  My colleague, Stephen Foster died a pauper. Why did Stephen Foster die a pauper? Because the product he created was not popular, was not wanted, was not used? No. Because Stephen Foster put his product on the table, it was eaten--if you will--listened to, more appropriately, but not paid for. And so Stephen Foster, one of the great songwriters of America, and indeed the world, died a pauper because the world enjoyed his music but did not compensate him for his music.  The McCollum amendment tries in a reasonable way to get at what is a problem that is by some perceived as cataclysmic and by others perceived as procedural. It is a reasonable alternative. It is one that I will support. But if it does not pass, I will as strongly as I know how oppose this legislation, even though I believe its underlying 20-year extension of the copyright protecting one's property is appropriate.  Mr. Speaker, I have been and always will be opposed to any legislation that infringes upon the property rights of anyone. I cannot digest ``taking'' someone else's hard work from them for free. This amendment is an affront to the tens of thousands of individuals who spend a lifetime trying to sell their work in a competitive and sparsely rewarded field--especially after considering the cost benefit analysis.  It is estimated that the restaurant business is a $289.7 billion industry, while thousands of songwriters draw an income that is minuscule in comparison and subsist largely off of royalties. Music licensing fees account for less than one percent of expenses for a full service restaurant, and the average cost for a restaurant business that uses music is $1.58 a day--equivalent to one draft beer.  Mr. Chairman, let me make it plain: we are considering stripping individuals of their intellectual property rights over what boils down to a mug of beer.  Mr. Chairman, I would hope that my colleagues who in fact have some property that we put in the public sphere, not expecting remuneration, at least not in money, the remuneration we expect is votes when we put our property, our ideas, our thoughts, our opinions in the public wheel. But when a songwriter sits down to create art, that songwriter does so for their own personal enjoyment, but they also do so with the expectation that if someone wants to use their product, they will do in a capitalistic society what we expect, and that is to compensate them fairly for that.  The previous speaker spoke about the problem with small business. Government does not require a small business in America to turn on the radio in their place of business or to turn on the television in their place of business, not one. They do so because they think to some degree it enhances the ambiance of their establishment, and I agree with them. And if they thought curtains did or tablecloths did or pretty windows did, they would have to pay for all of those increases to the ambiance of their establishment. If the restaurant pays for the hamburger, it should also face the music and pay for the licensing.  I have a lot of restaurants in my district and in my State. I understand some of them are concerned, and I believe that the McCollum amendment tries to reach out to them and say yes, we understand there is a problem, let us try to solve it and let us try to solve it where there is a meeting of the minds. And in fact, I understand there was a meeting of the minds until one party thought perhaps they could win without agreement. I do not know that; I have heard that.  But let us, as we vote on the Sensenbrenner amendment, remember Stephen Foster, remember that Stephen Foster gave us so much, this Nation and this world, enriched our lives, enriched our culture, enriched our enjoyment, and let us not say to the Stephen Fosters of the world what they do is not worth us compensating them for it.  Let me share with you part of a concise perspective offered by former Chief Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes: ``If music did not pay, it would be given up. If it pays, it pays out of the public's pocket. Whether it pays or not, the purpose of employing it is profit, and that is enough.''  I would hope that we would defeat the Sensenbrenner amendment, pass the McCollum amendment and pass the bill.  