Weldon) for yielding to me. Madam Chairman, as all of us know, many of us know, the gentleman from Pennsylvania has been one of the leaders on fire service protection not only on Capitol Hill but throughout this country.  He is a former chief of a volunteer fire company of his own congressional district, a former municipal leader. And he did, in fact, raise to a high level of attention, subsequent to the fire in Speaker Wright's office, the necessity to make our buildings more safe for our Members, for our staffs, as well as for the visitors to our offices.  Today's fire in the Longworth House Office Building was a fire that apparently an acetylene torch, I think, heated up some materials that ignited very rapidly and shot flames seven stories high up through the elevator shaft. There was very significant smoke onthe seventh floor. I do not know about other floors, but I heard from my staff on the seventh floor.  What is significant, and I think we all ought to know, is the extraordinarily quick and very skillful response that was given by the Capitol Hill officers, our medical staffs, the Sergeant at Arms' staff, all of those who were called upon to assist in evacuating the building. Some of the officers that were taken out, were taken out because they remained in the building to make sure that the building was, in fact, evacuated by showing great courage to assure the safety of all of those who might be in the building.  In addition, I want to report that my staff reported that the District of Columbia Fire Department was there almost immediately. There has been some criticism of the District of Columbia Fire Department for not responding as quickly as they might, but in this instance they were there very, very quickly.  And I think we owe a debt of thanks to all of those who we rely on day-to-day. As is so often the case, we do not think of them because we are not personally involved, it does not happen, there is not a crisis. And because they are there to respond to domestic crises such as this and we do not have one, we may not acknowledge their presence and their readiness to risk their limbs and their lives to protect their communities.  So I want to join with the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon), who has really made it a cause, and a successful one at that, to ensure that we are aware of the risks and take every precaution to avert risks that might have tragic consequences for individuals not only on Capitol Hill, not only in this city, but throughout this country.  So I thank the gentleman for taking this time and thank him for yielding me this time.  