Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1428, the Voter Eligibility Verification Act.  The only purpose this bill serves is to undermine the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the National Voter Registration Act, more commonly referred to as the Motor Voter law. H.R. 1428 is exclusionary in nature, and it's motives are questionable.  Mr. Speaker, if ever we as legislators wanted to discourage American citizens from voting, this bill would get the job done. There is no argument that persons who are not citizens of this country should not be permitted to vote. However, this bill is not the answer.  When immigrants become citizens of the United States, they are very proud and have an earnest desire to contribute to and participate in the greatest democratic nation in the world. Whether it is to join the workforce and contribute to the economy, or to cast a vote and participate in the democratic electoral process, we ought to embrace our new countrymen and women with respect.  H.R. 1428 would take away that respect. We would be saying to everybody--even those born in this country--``Prove to us that you are a true American. Prove to us that you are entitled to vote in our Democratic electoral process.''  What's next, Mr. Speaker? Will we have to start carrying our personal papers on our person at all times in the event that we will suddenly prove our nationality when we cross state lines as they did in World War II Europe?  This bill is also an affront to the 35 million plus voting aged Americans with disabilities who have benefitted greatly from mail-in registration since, in many instances, these individuals are physically unable to go to a registration site. Americans with disabilities already register to vote at a rate 20% below the rest of the population. If H.R. 1428 were enacted, that number would drop even lower.  This bill is flawed in many ways. First, H.R. 1428 says that for persons born prior to 1978, the Social Security Administration would be required to report where that person was born. If a person was born 70 years ago in another country, but has since become a naturalized U.S. citizen, his or her INS records are archived in a federal vault. There would be no way to verify the citizenship of long term, naturalized Americans through this scheme.  Second, the bill would provide a 30-day ``appeal'' period, which would allow a person whose citizenship is unverifiable to submit ``supplemental'' materials. At the end of those 30 days, the local or state registrar of that voter will then decide whether to permit the person to vote. This is an incredible affront to the Voting Rights Act. To give a registrar the ability to deny an American citizen their right to vote is a disgrace and an injustice.  This is America, Mr. Speaker. This bill was conceived out of paranoia and xenophobia and it would severely threaten the voting rights of all Americans. Mr. Speaker, rather than discourage, we should encourage Americans to participate in the Democratic electoral process and to become fully engaged in the affairs of the country, which is their fundamental right.  I urge my colleagues to vote no on H.R. 1428.  