Visclosky) as the principal sponsor of this legislation; also the gentleman from Florida (Mr. McCollum) and others on the committee who have worked on this legislation. This is truly bipartisan legislation which is aimed at trying to make our law enforcement officers safer.  We ask some Americans to do an extraordinary thing; that is, to put on a badge, put on a uniform or in plain clothes to protect us every day, to face the most dangerous people in our society who would undermine our safety, would take our property, and place at risk our families and our neighbors. This bill is a bill that will, I think, enjoy overwhelming support. It is appropriate that we tell local subdivisions, both State and local, municipal, that we will participate with them in trying to ensure further the safety of those we ask to defend what is vital in any democracy, and that is peace and good order.  Obviously, democracy cannot flourish in a society if law and order is not also present in that society. So the very essence of a police officer's duty is to preserve and protect the Constitution and the democratic way of life. So this is a very, very important piece of legislation.  It is appropriate that we pass it this week when we make note of the contributions and the sacrifices and the courage shown by so many in law enforcement throughout this country. I am pleased to be a supporter of this legislation.  Mr. McCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I do not believe that I will consume all of it. I just want to comment about this at the end of the debate and say once again how important this bill is. We have had a number of Members speak on both sides. It is, as the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) said, a truly bipartisan piece of legislation.  But this is an exceedingly important piece of legislation because it does present us an opportunity to save lives and save the lives of the people out there protecting our kids and our families every day by putting their lives on the line. It is not very often we get a chance to do that. Usually we are up here after the cow is out of the barn or the horse is gone or whatever and trying to do some remedial correction to help law enforcement.  Today we have a chance to do something in advance to help people who are on the street every day to provide a new grant program, a grant program carefully tailored only to those communities in this country that are not able or have not used their local community block grant monies to provide these vests or those very small communities that do not qualify otherwise, but nonetheless tailored to assure that every community can provide and is providing vests, bulletproof vests for their police officers.  I urge passage of the bill. Again, I commend its authors, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky). I think it is tremendous that they brought it forward. I have been proud to bring this out of the Subcommittee on Crime and urge its adoption.  