Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I want to explain what procedure we are going to pursue. I believe it is very important to have every Member understand what we are going to ask for. We are going to ask that the previous question be defeated. That will then allow us to offer an alternative rule.  I want to represent to every Member in this Chamber and listening in their offices what that rule will be comprised of. First of all, we will continue the provision reported out of subcommittee, reported out of full committee, that will preclude Members' pay from going into effect.  Secondly, we will provide for the consideration of the Lowey amendment, which was democratically adopted in the committee and reported to this floor, but is unprotected. Not only would it be not subjected to a vote, yea or nay, but one Member under the rules that were proposed will be able to exclude that or any other item.  Thirdly, we will protect in our rule the Y2K funding, which everybody in this House and in this Nation knows is an emergency, and which the Committee on Appropriations, with the leadership of the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Livingston), designated an emergency, to his credit, and frankly, to the credit of the Republican leadership that initially agreed with that procedure.  So to remind Members, if they vote no on the previous question, they will then be able to vote yes on a rule which will preclude a pay raise, which will take it out of a political demagoguery situation; that will allow a democratic vote in the people's House on whether or not we ought to allow for access to contraception so we can preclude more abortions; and thirdly, if Members vote no on the previous question, they will be able to protect the provision which provides for funding of the solution to the Y2K problem, and ensure the effective operations of our computers and our governmental programs, as well as commerce in this country in the next century.  I urge Members to vote no on the previous question to accomplish these three objectives.  