Speaker, I rise today to join my colleague, Louis Stokes, in celebration of black history month. This special order is a time honored tradition in the House, and I always enjoy participating.  For the past 17 years, I have celebrated black history month with the families, community leaders and elected officials of the fifth congressional district in Maryland, together, we reflect the memory of African American leaders past, honor the leaders and activists in the present, and encourage the development and education of future leaders: the children.  One of the reasons I celebrate black history month is because I believe that African American history is the foundation of American history: They are indeed one in the same. African American history is a celebration of the journey of a people from which all Americans are able to witness the meaning of strength, perseverance, resilience, talent, faith, leadership, economic empowerment, and vision.  Strength was what the African ancestors drew upon when they were stripped from their native land, chained in the bowels of a slave ship, and forced to make the traumatic transatlantic voyage into the unknown.  Strength was the African slaves' will to survive in a foreign land, under violent, torturous and deplorable conditions for over 260 years.  Perseverance was when Harriet Tubman, ``the Moses of her people'' led slaves to freedom countless times, dubbed ``the underground railroad'' in the face of danger and exhaustion. I am pleased to be a co-sponsor of Mr. Stokes' bill, H.R. 1635, the national underground railroad network to Freedom Act of 1998. This legislation would authorize the National Park Service to link together in a coordinated and cohesive fashion the many sites, structures, activities, museums and programs that commemorate and celebrate this African American triumph.  Resilience is Booker T. Washington, who, after walking from West Virginia to Hampton Institute located in Hampton, Virginia, swept the floors of a classroom as his admissions test, and went on to become the principal of Tuskegee Institute in Tuskegee, Alabama. Washington played a defining leadership role in American politics in the early 1900's.  Talent is defined by the great storytellers of the Harlem Renaissance era, like Langston Hughes, James Weldon Johnson, Nella Larsen, and Claude McKay--writers who drew upon their own experiences and societal African American culture as the basis of their compelling text.  Talent is the musical genius of Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong, who developed the wonders of jazz music and laid the foundation of America's appreciation for many genres of contemporary music.  Faith is what the late Jackie Robinson had when he became the first black player in modern major league baseball in 1947, an act which helped break down racial barriers in professional sports. We just celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of his feat last year, marking this triumphant point in history and reminding our youth of how far we have come and how far we have yet to go in fighting discrimination.  Faith is what Rosa Parks had when she denied a white person a seat on a bus, which helped lead us into the greatest movement in American history--the civil rights movement.  Faith is what nine students in little rock, Arkansas had when they integrated Little Rock Central High School in 1957, becoming symbols of educational equality.  The late Thurgood Marshall demonstrated leadership when he became the first black associate justice of the supreme court in 1967. The vital role he played as counsel in Brown v. Board of Education Topeka, Kansas left an indelible mark on the history of education in America, eliminating the cruel ruse of ``Separate but equal''--overturning Plessy v. Ferguson.  The late Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was and will remain one of America's most revered and honored leaders as an advocate for racial harmony. Like many other leaders of the 1960's, Dr. King's assassination took him from us physically, but his spirit of leadership and his vision for racial equality still lives.  Economic empowerment is what all of us here are seeking to sustain and create. We all want to develop and strengthen our communities economically by creating jobs and other opportunities to make sure that our neighborhoods are prosperous and our children are provided for.  All of these attribute I have touched upon lead us to vision. African-Americans have always had a vision, whether it was of freedom, equality, voting rights civil rights, economic stability or justice. It must be noted historically that, when reviewing the visions of African Americans from one point in history to another, one thing rings true: The vision is always realized.  As we approach the year 2000, we should all take a long, hard look at the journey that our ancestors have taken, that we have taken--and how, we need to look at the road we have left for our children to take on their journey.  We leave our children with a rich history full of leaders and innovators, of men and women who made a difference and ensured the survival of a race of people in the face of adversity.  Yet, as we prepare to pass the legacy of a people to the next generation, it is still incumbent upon us to tell the story, to celebrate the history. We must impress upon our children not to give up, but to always hope. They must hold onto the vision for their journey, and stick with it until it is realized--as our African American forefathers and mothers did.  It is impossible for me to recognize all of the African-Americans throughout history who have influenced our lives. However, I am truly thankful that, with the leadership of Representative Stokes and others here today on the floor, we take the time to recognize black history month.  Today, we are celebrating the African-American journey and are passing the legacy onto the next generation. I am proud to have participated in this special order commemorating black history month in 1998.  