Chairman, I rise today because I have some genuine concerns about the funding levels of specific accounts within H.R. 4194, the Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies appropriations bill for fiscal year 1999. I understand the difficulty that the chairman and the ranking member faced in crafting this legislation within the tight fiscal constraintsthat the Appropriations Committee had this year. However, I am concerned that certain initiatives, which have been priorities of the committee and the Congress in the past, will not receive the necessary level of funding in fiscal year 1999.  First, the bill proposals a $59 million reduction to NASA's Earth Science Program. This important program can help predict weather and climate changes up to a year in advance, will yield tremendous benefits for argricultural and natural resources productivity, will save money and lives by allowing natural disasters to be predicted earlier, and involves partnerships with Japan, the United Kingdom, Brazil, and France. Goddard Space Flight Center, located in Greenbelt, Maryland, is NASA's lead center for these efforts and has an extraordinary reputation for Earth Science studies.  I have visited with the scientists working on this program and I can tell you that their work is amazing. Funding for Earth Science will produce both practical benefits and a long term understanding of the environment. This reduction would be disruptive to the program at a time when the need for programmatic flexibility is at its greatest due to technical challenges in the development of various missions, and could lead to either significant delays or even cancellation of project elements.  I also want to express my concern about the bill's elimination of the AmeriCorps National Service Program. AmeriCorps' members are estimated to leverage an average of about 16 stipended volunteers per member. AmeriCorps teaches its volunteers responsibility and opportunity. The organization has also had a positive effect on traditional volunteer activity. If we are going to make children and youth our top priority, we need the assistance of volunteer service organizations such as AmeriCorps. AmeriCorps plays an important role in advancing the goals of the summit for America's future. We cannot fight to make the future better for our nation's children without AmeriCorps' help.  Finally, the bill increases the limits on the sizes of home mortgage loans that may be insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) under its single-family loan program. Raising these loan limits poses little or no risk to the FHA fund. It is a fund with a value of about $11 billion. Auditors give it a clean bill of health and say that loans at the higher end pose less risk than do low balance loans. Raising the FHA loan limit is critically important and will expand home ownership opportunities to families all too often shut out of the conventional mortgage markets--first time home buyers, minorities, families in inner cities and rural families.  Mr. Chairman, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, I fully understand the budget constraints which we are under, but I am concerned that we are not properly funding the Nation's priorities in this bill. I would hope that we can work towards remedying this imbalance.  