Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time. I want to share the view of the gentleman from New York. It is regrettable that we do not have more people here. This is a very important bill. As the gentleman observed, it is a small amount of money. But it is critically important as the world's leader tries to implement policy. And it is lamentable that we do not have more Members engaged.  I rise today in opposition to this rule. I understand the Chairman's view. But the rule does not provide, in my opinion, for certain essential things. First and foremost from my perspective, the rule does not permit debate and action on funding of the IMF. That is because the rule does not protect an amendment restoring the IMF's funding as it would necessarily have to, in order to be sustained against a point of order.  It is critical, Mr. Speaker, that we fully fund the International Monetary Fund this year. Congress failed to fund the IMF at sufficient levels in Fiscal Year 1998. Those of us who support funding the IMF agreed to wait until a supplemental appropriations bill came before the House. We were guaranteed that the remaining funding for the IMF would be included in a supplemental. It has not been, contrary to that guarantee. Now IMF opponents are trying, once again, to prevent us from providing the full $18 billion that is needed for the IMF.  I also want to support an amendment that will be offered on section 907 of the Freedom Support Act. Last week, the full Appropriations Committee passed an amendment which struck section 907. I opposed this amendment. We find ourselves in a situation where Azerbaijan has for 9 years blockaded Nagorno-Karabagh and Armenia from fuel, food, medicine, and other vital goods. I believe it is critically important that we reinstate section 907, and therefore will support an amendment which will be offered to do so.  I will be joined, I know, by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith) and others who have been there and know firsthand the situation.  I appreciate what the Chairman of the Committee on Rules is saying in terms of some aspects of this rule being open, but I do not believe that the rule goes far enough to allow us to address critically important issues as we end this session. I would hope that the rule would be modified to give greater latitude for debate and amendment.  