Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  I rise to say that in ending this general debate, we ought to, again, lament the fact that a large part of the work of this committee is, in my opinion, supported by the majority on both sides. It is unfortunate that we have gotten ourselves involved in a lot of political gamesmanship and that this rule will plunge us into seeing much of this bill stricken because, as I said, one person can do that.  Furthermore, we will not really focus, I predict, during the course of the consideration of this bill, on the substance of this bill, which is funding critical law enforcement, critical tax collection and tax reform issues, critical building of facilities to confront the crime problem in America, critical programs to make sure that our elections are fair, that people who are running for election follow the rules and that we adequately fund those who we are assigned the purpose of overseeing those elections.  It is unfortunate that as we consider this bill we will focus on the elimination of programs because they have not been authorized, through no fault of the Committee on Appropriations and perhaps even through no fault of the authorization committees, but the fact is they have not been authorized. So many of the programs that the gentlewoman from Connecticut referenced, which all of us know ultimately will be adopted, will be stricken from this bill. That is unfortunate, but the rule allows that.  In closing, I want to again congratulate the chairman and thank the chairman, thank the staff on both sides of the aisle, thank the members, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Meek) on my side, and the members on the other side for working together to try to adequately and appropriately fund agencies that are critical to the continued success of this country.  We are fortunately experiencing one of the longest, most successful economic periods in the history of America. We clearly have not been the sole persons who have brought that about. In fact, what government has done has been only a portion and not the majority portion of that success.  It has been the private sector, their innovation, their enterprise, their investment that have brought about this growth. But clearly, as I said in relationship to the Y2K problem, the agencies in this bill are critical partners in that success.  This bill has a long way to go before it becomes law. We will work together with the chairman and with the Members of this committee in a bipartisan way to try to bring it to fruition successfully.  I want to regret that and hope that the provision that the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey) included in this bill and the Committee on Appropriations adopted providing for women in the Federal service to have access to contraceptive services to preclude unwanted pregnancies and, therefore, abortions, which everybody wants to do, will not be struck on a point of order and that at the very least we can consider that by majority vote in this House, which is not precluded by the rule, probably will not happen but is not precluded by the rule.  I thank, again, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) for his leadership, his openness, and his positive attitude and actions as we consider this bill.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  