Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, the ranking member of the Committee on Rules, for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule.  At the outset, let me say that it is unfortunate that we find ourselves in this position. The chairman of the Treasury Postal Subcommittee, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe), as I said in the committee markup, has forged a fair bill as it came out of subcommittee. It was a bill that sought to address the problems that confront the agencies that are our responsibility. It was a bill as well that sought to fund a critical situation that confronts not just our agencies but almost every agency of government other than defense, and that critical crisis was, as we refer to it, the Y2K problem, ensuring that computers would be compatible with the change of century.  Because if they are not, we will not be able to fly airplanes. Indeed, we willnot be able to collect revenues. We will not be able to pay Social Security. We will not be able to pay Medicare. The fact of the matter is, government will come to a screeching halt, and commerce will come to a screeching halt. That is not an acceptable alternative.  As a result, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Livingston), and it is my understanding the Speaker, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt), the minority leader, and the Committee on Appropriations, all agreed that we would confront this issue forthrightly and designate it for what it is, an emergency, one that cannot be delayed, one that must be solved on behalf of every American, young and old. We did not do that.  I tell my friend, the chairman of the Committee on Rules, that his rule does not protect that issue. It does not allow us to proceed as we should. And the ranking member of the Committee on Rules is absolutely correct, on this floor, on the debate, when this rule was last considered 3 weeks ago on the 25th of June, it was represented that by the time we got back, we will know how to solve this problem. We will know where to get the $2.3 billion. That was represented to us on this floor by the leadership on the other side of the aisle. As the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Moakley) has correctly pointed out, that has not happened.  Substantively, this was a good bill, as I said, as it came out of subcommittee. It was not a perfect bill as it came out of the full Committee on Appropriations from my perspective. There were matters in it that I had concerns about, but they would not have led me to oppose the rule. But as it came out of the Committee on Rules last time, it was not acceptable.  Now, I say to my friend, the chairman of the Committee on Rules, this is not about a pay raise. Like the chairman, I am for a pay raise, because it is effectively simply a cost of living adjustment, less half a point that every other Federal employee gets, less a half a point. So we get a half a point less, because we did not want to take a full pay raise. We wanted to respect the American public's concern on that issue.  I say to my friend, the chairman of the Committee on Rules, our committee reported out, as he well knows, the preclusion of the acceptance of that pay raise, and that is the only matter the gentleman has protected in his rule.  