Speaker, I think the gentlewoman consumed about 10 seconds on her presentation, and I will try to be equally brief.  Mr. Speaker, I am very proud and pleased to rise to join my colleague, the gentlewoman from New Jersey, and am rightfully proud of the heritage of Meg Goetz. The viewers on C-Span see the debate, sometimes acrimonious and confrontational, sometimes lacking in civility. Most times they do not see the staff who make it possible to have debates and to keep this institution going.  Too few of us perhaps take the time to realize the contributions that are made by, for the public, probably nameless, and certainly for Meg not faceless, but for some faceless employees, who, day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month, year-to-year, through their dedication and commitment make it possible for us to function effectively as the people's House.  Some have been here for many years more than most Members. Meg Goetz is one of those people. She has been here now for over two decades, and as the gentlewoman from New Jersey has said, she has brought to her job a great ability, but as well, a great demeanor. Her character and commitment to this democratic institution have added to its stature, and never, ever detracted from it. Few of us that serve in this body can say that we always did the same.  I want to rise, not on behalf of the Democrats or on behalf of the Democratic leadership, but on behalf, Meg, of all who have served in this body during your tenure. As I am sure my colleague, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Slaughter), will observe, and I do not want to steal her thunder, but I think it is so appropriate to recognize, Mr. Speaker, that Meg Goetz is the first woman who has served as a Reading Clerk of this House, appointed by Tip O'Neill.  In doing so, she had, I am sure, a special cognizance of her responsibility to her gender in that capacity. Every woman in America can be proud of their representative, their first representative as our Reading Clerk.  Meg, I know that I speak for all who have served in this body during your tenure, who have enjoyed not only the competency with which you performed your task of informing the House from time to time what the business before the House was, of informing us of the amendments, of the messages from the Senate or from the President; yes, you have performed your duties in a very professional way, but in a very personal way for each of us you have been our friend, our adviser and counselor from time to time when you knew much more about what was going on than we did. And we would ask, Meg, what are we doing? And you always knew.  It is, Meg, sad that you are leaving, but as the gentlewoman from New Jersey has observed, you leave very young with much ahead of you, and I know that you will carry with you the experiences in this House to whatever endeavors you now pursue, and that you will be enriched by those experiences, as you have enriched this institution, this people's House, this center of democracy, not just for America but for the world. It is, Meg, because of people like yourself that this body has functioned so well. Notwithstanding its weaknesses, its foibles, its personal failures from time to time, it is people like yourself who have given it strength, given it judgment, given it balance.  So I am pleased, Meg, to rise with all those with whom you have served to thank you, to thank you for your dedication, and for your service, and for your friendship, and to wish you the very best in everything that you do in the years to come. Godspeed.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay a special tribute to someone who has been part of this institution longer than myself and many of my colleagues.  Although she is not a Member of Congress, her face and name is known to everyone in this chamber, (and to those thousands of adoring fans on C-SPAN).  Mary E. ``Meg'' Goetz, the House Reading Clerk, is leaving us after 20 years of service to the House of Representatives.  Meg is a 1978 political science/economics graduate from Chestnut Hill College in Philadelphia, PA.  She began her career with the United States House of Representatives in 1978 as a legislative information specialist.  In 1981 she became the Assistant Journal Clerk, helping to compile and publish this important publication.  In 1983 she became the House Reading Clerk.  Often seen and often heard, Meg is an active part of the backbone which helps make the institution of Congress function.  From her perch on the dias, she has had a ringside seat on the history of America.  I know that my colleagues join me in wishing Meg the best of luck in her future endeavors.  