Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution and urge the House to pass it by a unanimous vote.  This resolution condemns the violence in Kosovo and calls for compensation for its victims from the assets of the perpetrators. This is the just and right thing to do.  And while, Mr. Speaker, we must condemn the violence and ethnic cleansing, we must do more. As we debate this resolution, Milosevic and his thugs are conducting yet another assault against civilians in the Drenica region of Kosovo. Reports indicate that 20,000 more refugees are fleeing their homes as Serb police and military units continue their scorched Earth policy. Hundreds of people, including women and children, have been killed since the violence began. More than a quarter of a million people--one-sixth of Kosovo's overwhelmingly ethnic Albanian population--have been driven from their homes. An estimated 50,000 are living in the open, threatened by starvation, hypothermia and disease.  Last week Senator Bob Dole and Assistant Secretary of State John Shattuck testified about their recent visit to Kosovo before the Helsinki Commission. Senator Dole said that what he saw in Kosovo shares many of the worst characteristics of the war in Bosnia, including the genocide in Srebrenica. Secretary Shattuck described horrendous human rights violations, violations of humanitarian law, and acts of punitive destruction on a massive scale.  Make no mistake about it. This is Bosnia--again. And as we saw in Bosnia, the only thing Milosevic responds to is force.  In December 1992, President Bush warned that if civilians in Kosovo were attacked, we would respond with force. President Clinton reiterated that warning in March 1993. The international community has threatened, NATO has planned contingencies, we have rattled our sabers, yet Milosevic and his thugs carry on with impunity.  I call on the Congress, the administration, and our NATO allies to act now to save the people of Kosovo, to halt Milosevic's reign of terror and to finally bring a chance for peace to the Balkans.  