Speaker, today's historic and tragic vote is not about whether any of us condone the private behavior of the President. It is, however, about whether we are committed to uphold the Constitution, the touchstone of our freedom and the articulation of the genius of our democratic government's separation of powers and adherence to the democratic transfer of power.  Nor is this vote about whether the President of the United States is above the law. He is not. Indeed, as has been amply demonstrated over the past 6 years, even the President, as must each of his fellow citizens, must respond to the demands of the law.  Moreover, it is clear that upon leaving office, the President could be held accountable in a court of law if charges were to be brought against him alleging the wrongdoing of which the Committee on the Judiciary Republicans have accused him of today.  Nor, as some claim, is this vote about process or simply moving this weighty matter from our calendar to that of the United States Senate: A Pontius Pilate-like act, presumably designed to rationalize the profoundly precedent-setting action that this House now contemplates.  Nor do I for one second believe that this vote is about setting a marker for the young on what conduct will be sanctioned or allowed to stand. Our Nation and our sustaining values will survive one man's failings. But our democracy will be threatened if we destroy the due process and high standard that the Founding Fathers established over 2 centuries ago.  The process that the majority has pursued in this matter has been partisan, driven, I believe, by animus, and exceedingly unfair. Like so many other acts of these last two Congresses, it has been unworthy of our duty and of our responsibility.  At the beginning of this Congress, after almost 30 years of House precedent, the Committee on House Oversight moved to allow a case to go forward to remove the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Sanchez), who had beenelected by the people of California to this body. They spent over $1 million to do so on the expressed theory that they were simply moving the process forward. It was my contention then that there was no case at the outset, and it was the irrefutable conclusion that there was no case at the end.  Later on, because the President defied them in 1995, they shut down the government. They threatened to do so again this year, if the President defied them. Today they seek to substitute, in my opinion, their judgment for the will of the American people and remove their nemesis from the position to which the American people, over their objection, elected him. If I believed that the conduct of this President had threatened our Nation's security or undermined the operation of our government, or put at risk the principles of our democracy, I would vote to impeach.  But I am absolutely convinced of the opposite. I have said that the President's conduct has defamed himself and his Presidency. But it has not amounted to treason. It is not a case of bribery. And, as so many scholars of all political and philosophical stripes have testified, it does not amount to high crimes and misdemeanors endangering our freedom or our democracy.  The President may well be accountable on another day.  But, today, I clearly see it as my duty, consistent with the oath that each of us took to preserve and protect the Constitution, and to the stability of our democracy for generations to come to reject and oppose these articles of impeachment. And, I shall, therefore, vote ``no'' on each of them.  