Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.  I have a great deal of respect for the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Traficant). It seems to me both amendments seek the same objective, and that is to ensure that we successfully confront the scourge of drugs in America. I am for that. But, unlike the formulation of the gentleman from Georgia, I do not accept the premise that I, therefore, have to be against Reyes and for Traficant.  I am for Reyes because I think it is a more thoughtful way of accomplishing the objective. The President of the United States has put General McCaffrey in charge of our drug control effort. I do not think he is a wimp. I think he understands military security needs. I think he understands how to utilize the military. He is the former Commander in Chief of SOUTHCOM, as so many of you on this floor know. His advice is that we do not move in this direction at this time. I think we ought to respect that.  I would also say, on a different front, that I am concerned, as all of you are, about conserving the resources we have available to keep this Nation secure. This bill does not have enough money in it for the military. I know some of my colleagues think that is not the case. I would be for spending more money in this bill.  I agree with the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton), and I congratulate him for his leadership, and I agree with the chairman of this committee who have joined together in a bipartisan way to say, America, this is not a time to pretend that our security interests have been secured. This is not a time to retreat from our commitment and our responsibilities. We may not like being the sole superpower in the world, but that which we are, we are; and we have responsibilities.  I am supportive of deployment in Bosnia. We have saved hundreds of thousands of lives, and we have saved millions of people from being dispossessed from their homes. That is not only a moral good, it is a strategic good.  I say to my friends that, although I am going to support the Reyes amendment, I, too, agree that we ought to make every effort possible to secure our borders from the scourge of drugs.  