Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Virginia and the ranking member for yielding me this time.  I rise to express my pleasure at the fact that this bill, again this year, deals with a disparity that has existed for some period of time, which the gentleman from California (Mr. Dixon) and I worked on, and now the committee is continuing to work on, and I congratulate the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor), and that is the effecting of equitable pay for the fire fighters of the District of Columbia.  For many, many years, the fire fighters of the District of Columbia have not only received less pay than their counterparts in this region outside of the District of Columbia, but also have been paid disparately with respect to the police in the District of Columbia. Indeed, the police themselves went for long periods of time with a freeze on their pay. The gentleman from California (Mr. Dixon) and I were concerned about that. Action has been taken, and we believe that that has moved in the proper direction.  When we talk about police and fire in the District of Columbia, we obviously talk about those agencies that are charged with the protection not only of the non-Federal part of the District of Columbia but the Federal part as well. Obviously, the Federal Government does not have fire fighters. They are, in fact, the fire fighters of the District of Columbia, charged with the responsibility of responding to fires.  Most recently we saw the fire at the Longworth Building to which the D.C. Fire Department and rescue squads responded. They did an outstanding job. They, along with the Capitol police, ensured we exited the building and we confronted the fire.  So that when we talk about the D.C. Fire Department, we are talking about those individuals, those Americans who daily are called upon to respond to emergencies of literally millions of visitors from throughout the United States that come to this capital, visit other monuments and office buildings around this city, and generally come to see their capital city and to share the pride that we have in that which it represents.  So I want to congratulate the gentleman from North Carolina and the gentleman from Virginia for their leadership, and the gentleman from California for his leadership over so many years, and others, as well as Mr. Miconi, the staff member who has so ably staffed this committee for over, I guess two decades. I am not sure, but a long time.  It is appropriate that we do this, and it is appropriate that we do it not just for the city, though doing it for the city alone would be appropriate, but we do it for all the citizens of the United States who have invested much of their resources in building this capital city and then visiting it, and these brave men and women of the D.C. Fire Department and rescue squads who ensure their safety while visiting here. And the fact that we are now going to pay them appropriately is a testament to the good judgment that the committee is showing. I will certainly enthusiastically support that and congratulate the committee for its actions.  I want to say as well that he sits here not as the ranking member or as the chairman, but I do not know anybody who has paid closer attention, been more supportive, is more knowledgeable about the District of Columbia as it relates to the Federal Government than my friend from California, the distinguished member of this subcommittee, but formerly the chairman for many, many, many years of this subcommittee, under whom I had the privilege of serving for many years on this committee. And I want to congratulate the gentleman from California (Mr. Dixon) for all the work that he has done, and thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), and look forward at some future point to discussing other aspects of this bill.  Generally, I want to say that I am a strong supporter of home rule. And where home rule affects citizens who live in the District of Columbia solely, I think it ought to be left to its own devices, whether we agree or not. When it affects others, I think it is appropriate for us to intervene, and we will discuss that at a later time.  