Chairman, I rise in support of this bill and would like to commend the work of both the Chairman, Mr. Spence and the Ranking Member, Mr. Skelton. I believe the priorities which they have established in this bill are good for both our Nation and for our Nation's defense.  We are preparing to enter the 14th consecutive year of real decline in defense spending. I am one of those who believe that we cannot continue to put the military at risk. The funding constraints imposed by the balanced budget agreement make our choices more difficult. However, we still must ensure that other priorities do not drive us away from one of the primary responsibilities the Congress has, and that is ensuring for the Nation's defense.  We all realize that the United States holds a unique position in the world. People all over the globe look to us for security and stability. It may not be fair, but it is the reality. While our Military Forces are shrinking, operations around the world are increasing. The increased pace of peacekeeping, humanitarian relief, and other contingency operations is forcing our Armed Forces to do more with less. However, doing more with less is not always conducive with ensuring the long term readiness of our Armed Services. Our troops serving today in Bosnia are just one of the recent examples of our global leadership and responsibility. I continue to support our deployment of troops in Bosnia and believe the work they are accomplishing there makes America a better place and the world a safer one.  I say to both the Chairman and the Ranking Member that their priorities are right for our Nation, we need to stand up for those priorities and pursue them.  I support this bill to authorize $270 billion for critical defense needs in fiscal year 1999 and want to commend the committee for what is in the bill before us: a 3.6% military pay raise; the $2.7 billion for procurement of 27 FA-18 E/F's; $36.2 billion for continued research and development, which includes $456 million for the joint strike fighter; the continued support for the important mission of the special operations command; the $2 billion to purchase the second new attack submarine. The $285 million for 30 Blackhawk helicopters, 18 of which are for the Army National Guard; and the procurement of 8 V-22 Ospreys for the Marine Corps.  I also want to commend Chairman Hefley and Ranking Member Ortiz for their work on authorizing $8.2 billion for military construction.  I commend the Committee for funding these DOD and Navy priorities and for addressing the needs of our men and women in the Armed Services.  