Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentleman from California. The rancor ought to pass from us. I will tell my friend from California that there would have been far less rancor if this had been a more open process, and we had felt included in this process.  I think I have the reputation of being a fair Member who can work with both sides of the aisle. I value that reputation and I value that mode of operating. But I will tell my friend that there are clearly some erroneous things that are being said on this floor: 748 illegal votes. Nobody on this floor knows that there are 748 illegal votes that were cast in this election. I guarantee it. I guarantee it as someone who has worked pretty hard on this case, who has read all the precedents, who has read not the majority report, because I just received it at 10 minutes of 10:00, but read all of our report, all our lawyers' reports, and investigated as much as I could with the time I had available on matches of signatures.  We believe that there is a general issue here, but that, very frankly, the House has been hurt in the attempt to establish a new precedent with respect to the level of credible evidence necessary to get a Member to the time when they have to respond to as prolonged and expensive contest as this has been.  The distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter) said that we were not proceeding on Mr. Dornan's allegations. He was absolutely correct. It was the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter) that said that. We believe that is the case. What we were proceeding on was information garnered by the committee, not on the contestant's case. Indeed, the contestant does not have all the information, in my opinion, that he should have right now. But neither does the contestee. But it is time for us to dismiss this case. It is time for us to go beyond this and indeed it is time to free the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Sanchez) from the bondage which has been this case, and allow her to fully represent the people of the 46th District. She has been doing so well and I know she will continue.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Bonior), minority whip.  