Speaker, we just heard, minutes ago, about the death of one of our former colleagues, Bella Abzug. She had a full career and made contributions that her talent and commitment enabled her to do.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in great sadness to honor the memory of a young man who did not get the time to live out the promise of his ability, of his character, of his unbelievably goodwill. The son of our colleague, Ben Cardin, and his wife, Myrna, died suddenly last week. I know, Mr. Speaker, that the entire House of Representatives joins me in extending condolences to the very sad Cardin family on the loss of a gifted and caring young man.  Mr. Speaker, I have known Michael Cardin since he was a very young boy. His father and I went to the general assembly in 1967 together. Ben first became a member of the Maryland general assembly on the year that Michael was born. He graduated from the University of Maryland law school on that day as well, in that year. But the proudest event of 1967 in the Cardin family was the birth of Michael.  I and some of the rest of my colleagues, perhaps, had the opportunity to watch Michael grow as he and his sister, Deborah, and their mother, Myrna, would visit their father in the House of Delegates and here in Congress. There were two characteristics, Mr. Speaker, that I remember most about Michael. He cared more for others than for himself, and he was an intelligent young man whose greatest concern was for those less fortunate than himself.  As a student at Wesleyan University in Connecticut, Michael continued to develop the commitment to serving others that he had shown even as a child. He served as editor in chief of the school newspaper where he demonstrated his strong communication skills and dedication to justice. In 1993, following in the footsteps of his grandfather, a great and good man, who has celebrated 93 years of service to his State and Nation, and his father, like both of them, Michael graduated from the University of Maryland School of Law. With his grandfather in attendance, Michael received his juris doctorate degree after hearing his father deliver the commencement address.  The occasion was a fitting honor for the Cardin family, which has contributed so very, very much to this State and this Nation. At the University of Maryland, Michael was remembered as being a talented student dedicated to becoming a lawyer to help people, not for profit. This past winter Michael was admitted to the Maryland bar, a bright future lay ahead. After passing the bar, he worked in Baltimore for the special counsel and volunteered at the Hamden Family Center working with children and families.  Everyone that I have talked to who worked with Michael at the Hamden Center said he was one of the brightest lights for all the children who were benefited by that center. His willingness to help others has always been a core value to Michael, and he demonstrated it in every part of his life.  At the service this past Sunday, his father rose and said that there were many instances of which he and Myrna had no knowledge, incidents that demonstrated with individual people, homeless, children, people in trouble, Michael repeatedly showed the character that he had, which I suspect was in his genes, because it was consistent with the Cardin contribution.  Mr. Speaker, Michael was 30 years of age. He left us too soon. All those who know him are heart sick. We can take comfort, perhaps, in knowing that in the time he spent with us he made a tremendous difference in the lives of all those he touched. His parents can take comfort in knowing, and I know they do, that Michael was a wonderful son from a wonderful family.  I do not know any family that I have ever met, Mr. Speaker, that is more supportive, closer, more giving, more respectful of one another than the family headed by Ben and Myrna Cardin. They are wonderful human beings, good and decent people who loved and nurtured their son without reservation. Michael, for the 30 years that he had, got the best that there was in the Cardin family.  I know that all my colleagues who know Ben so well, some who know Myrna and some who know Michael will join all of us in Maryland in honoring the memory of Michael Cardin, this compassionate and caring young man, and we will join together in extending our deepest sympathies, love and caring to Ben, Myrna, the Cardin family. We are a lesser land for Michael's loss.  