Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentlewoman's amendment. Many of these amendments go at the very heart of home rule, none more than this, and this is broader, I would suggest. We will argue an amendment at some point in time tonight where I will disagree with the gentlewoman, and I will disagree on the proposition that it affects individuals outside of the District of Columbia. My position has historically been if legislation affects people inside the District of Columbia, that is for the District of Columbia government to decide.  It seems to me that this amendment deals with one of the most basic rights that Americans have. It is a unique right. It is a right that conservatives and liberals and moderates, Republicans and Democrats, those from the east and west, north and south all should adhere to with a religious passion. That right is articulated in the first amendment of the United States Constitution. It says, not only do we have the right to freely speak our views. That is an extraordinary right when you compare it with the abridgment of that right around the world. Those of us who have had the opportunity to travel, not just to the Soviet Union but to nations that espouse democracy and are in fact democracies but who limit, far more than we do, the right of those in a democracy to speak, to articulate their view, to address the issues of the day, and try to make their point made to their fellow citizens. Our Founding Fathers in the first amendment thought that right so fundamental that they articulated it first. The first amendment probably is one of the most historic provisions of any political document in the world.  It is significant, I think, that the last phrase of that amendment says this, or let me read more of it: ``Congress shall make no law, no law, no law, respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peacefully to assemble.'' And then they concluded this historic amendment with this phrase: ``And to petition the government for a redress of grievances.''  There is no more basic right in a democracy for the people than the right to petition their government for the redress of grievances. That is what this section speaks to and tries to, by law, impede, deny and diminish.  I would hope that in this greatest body of democracy in the world, in this palace of freedom, this center of democracy, we would not only not say to the District of Columbia government but we would say to no one in America that we will pass a law with its obvious intent of undermining your ability to petition this government and your fellow citizens for the redress of grievances. Clearly what section 148 tries to do is to diminish that most fundamental of rights. For that reason alone, I suggest to my colleagues it should be rejected.  