Speaker, I rise today to recognize a truly unique individual who has served our country, my great State of Maryland, and the Congress of the United States for over four decades. Mr. Jerry Grant is one of the finest examples of people dedicated to standing up for what is right and fighting, both in the forefront and behind the scenes, to make our country a better place for all our citizens.  Jerry turned 60 years old on July 1, and I would like to be one of the many to wish him a very happy birthday.  Mr. Speaker, I first met Jerry when both of us were attending a national Young Democrats convention, he as the president of the Young Democrats of Colorado, and I as the president of the Young Democrats of Maryland. Even at that young age, Jerry made an indelible impression, with his uncanny ability to persuade people to listen to his point of view and come onto his side of an issue. The good thing about Jerry Grant is that he uses this talent in a positive manner, to influence opinion to the good of politics and the people involved.  By 1972, Jerry was serving as a county commissioner of Adams County, Colorado. I am not sure whether this stint as a public official made him more sympathetic or critical of elected officials, but since then Jerry has served in a variety of non-elected positions, quietly and effectively making a difference in people's lives.  Jerry served for 10 years as Chief of Staff to U.S. Senator Jim Sasser of Tennessee, earning the respect of fellow staff and Members of the Senate alike. Jerry was the guy who knew all of the ins and outs of an issue, and the person who people turned to when they were not exactly sure just where to be in a controversy.  After promising himself and his family a quieter life outside the beltway,Jerry was coaxed back into the political fray by a young Maryland basketball star and Rhodes scholar, our former colleague, Tom McMillan. It was Jerry's strategy and guidance which helped Congressman McMillan win his first election to Congress in 1986. Jerry later served as Tom McMillan's Chief of Staff.  Jerry Grant played an important role in the 1992 presidential election, helping Maryland garner the highest percentage of votes in that election for the Clinton-Gore ticket. Mr. Speaker, many elected officials owe a large measure of their success to Jerry Grant. He has worked with such leaders as Jimmy Carter, Walter Mondale, Roy Roemer, Hubert Humphrey, and Henry ``Scoop'' Jackson.  On the local level, literally scores of elected officials in Maryland can credit their electoral wins to Jerry's counsel, advice, and maybe even sometimes a few of his jokes.  Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Jerry on his 60th birthday, and send my best wishes to my good friend, his lovely wife, Sue, and their entire family.  Mr. Speaker, Jerry Grant has been fighting cancer for a number of years with the same kind of courage and integrity that he has lived his life. Throughout his life Jerry Grant has enriched his country and his community. I know that all of my colleagues join me in wishing him well, and a very happy birthday, indeed.  