 The gentlewoman from Maryland is correct. Everybody has observed that this problem is coming. She also made, I think, a very valid point. The cost of the solution has escalated over the last 12 months, and I would say even over the last few months.  My point that I made before is this has happened in the private sector and the public sector. The reason for that is that the scope of the problem was not contemplated. There are computers in almost everything we use, including our automobile as we drive down the street, which apparently also has this glitch built into a number of the chips that control many of the systems in the automobiles. That is how complicated this system is.  The Committee on Appropriations, I say to my friend from Maryland, did contemplate that. We have taken, as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) said, $400 million out of the IRS. I say to my friend, the gentleman from Colorado, who got up and said we are going to pass an IRS reform bill today, it is an IRS reform bill with some tax provisions in it which are going to change the Tax Code. We are going to have to have computers amended. It is the same thing we do, on the one hand, we say reform; but on the other hand, we complicate the code.  But that aside, I will tell my friend, the gentleman from Colorado, if we do not do this emergency fix of the Y2K problem, IRS reform bill or not, IRS is going to crash in 2000, period. Then there will be no funds to do anything in the Federal Government, whether it is emergency or nonemergency, defense or domestic, Social Security, or Medicare.  All of those are going to come crashing down around America's head. They will not want to hear, very frankly, oh, well, we delayed. We washed our hands and said we are going to do it later. If it was going to be done later, it should have been done. We have heard a lot about later.  The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Livingston), the Speaker, all agreed some weeks ago that this was going to be an emergency and that we needed to fund it through emergency funding. They recommended that. The committee adopted that.  As the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) pointed out, there were only 16 members of a 54 member committee that did not vote for that. Think of that. That is a pretty overwhelming bipartisan determination by the Committee on Appropriations that has the responsibility to make sure that we address this emergency to fund it.  We are now retreating from this; not retreating from it in the Committee on Appropriations. The Committee on Rules took it upon itself to strike it from the defense bill.  This is not a liberal/conservative issue. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Murtha) was up here on behalf of defense, one of the strongest advocates of defense in this Nation, saying this was a problem. He urged that we defeat the last bill specifically for that reason.  I am urging that we defeat this rule for the same reason that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Murtha) urged that we defeat the defense bill rule. I do not think we are going to do that. I understand that. I think the other side of the aisle has determined in a unanimous way that they are going to vote for this rule.  There is nothing I can do about that other than bring to my colleagues' attention that this does, in fact, place at risk solving what is one of the mostcritical problems confronting our government today, was recognized as an emergency, is an emergency.  The gentlewoman from Maryland and I agree it is an emergency. We have got to address it. Lamenting the fact, however, that we have today said that we are going to pass IRS reform, but we are going to delay to some other day solving the emergency situation of the computer glitches that will occur in the Year 2000, thus placing at risk the very IRS reform procedures that we are going to adopt later today.  I urge the House to reject this rule so that the Committee on Rules can go back, there can be a reconsideration, calmer and cooler heads can prevail, and then we can move ahead with solving this Y2K problem.  