Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding this time to me, and I want to associate myself with the remarks the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) made earlier.  I regret that I come to this floor to oppose this bill. Instead of coalescing funding to continue our peacekeeping operations in Bosnia and ensure a strong and forceful presence in the Gulf, we are being asked to undercut important domestic programs included in last year's budget agreement to finance our national security interests.  It is not enough that the budget agreement of 1985 provides for emergency spending without offsets during domestic or international crisis. It is not enough that the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, my good friend, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Livingston), it is not enough that Mr. Livingston fought hard to prevent making unwise and devastating cuts in domestic programs, notwithstanding the fact that he just said something a little different. In fact, Mr. Speaker, it apparently is not enough that the United States Senate, with the support of the President of the United States, passed this emergency spending without gutting domestic programs by voice vote.  No, Mr. Chairman, instead today this body is being asked to gut the Section 8 low income housing program which could leave 800,000 Americans without housing next year. We are being asked to effectively shut down the AmeriCorps program through a 60 percent cut, and perhaps in one of the most outrageous affronts contained in this bill, the leadership is advocating a cut of $75 million in bilingual and immigrant education.  Let there be no mistake, Mr. Chairman, as to the importance of the emergency funding the President is seeking. Continuing the U.S. presence in Bosnia is critical. Progress is being made in the implementation of the Dayton Accords, and this progress has only been possible because of U.S. participation in the NATO-led stabilization force. There is not one of us that has visited that force, that has not been proud of our men and women and the effect that they have had.  Apparently the majority party did not learn the lessons of the 1995 disaster relief supplemental. The chairman learned them; I think most of the chairmen of our subcommittees learned them. But their caucus did not learn them. There are very serious issues to be debated in this Chamber. However, we should not hold emergency funding hostage when on its surface we all support the need for a strong presence in Iraq and a need to respond to the ravages of El Nino.  I urge my colleagues to vote down the latest sham of the Republican leadership and release this funding from the daily game of politics in which we have been embroiled. Vote ``no.''  