Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time. I rise today to oppose the Republican tax cut package and to support the alternative to be offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel). The discussion today is not a debate about tax cuts. It is a debate about the future of Social Security. The tax cuts in both packages are identical. However, the Republican tax cuts would be paid for by a Social Security surplus. That is irrefutable, notwithstanding what the chairman just said. A surplus that I tell my friends on the other side of the aisle we have not yet even realized. Without playing politics with America's fiscal future, the tax cuts in the Democratic alternative would not become effective until the Social Security trustees certify that the trust funds are solvent for the next 75 years.  It would be irresponsible, Mr. Speaker, of me to support a bill without considering how the tax cuts are financed. The Republican bill does in fact raid the Social Security trust fund which provides funds often referred to as the ``budget surplus.'' I believe our firstduty must be to solve the long-term solvency problems of Social Security while remaining committed to fiscal responsibility.  While I find it quite interesting that the tax bill that Republicans put forward embraces mostly Democratic ideas for tax cuts for middle America, the poison bill in this bill is the way in which it is financed.  I would remind my colleagues, in fact, just a year ago, Democrats supported a $100 billion tax cut similar to the one the Republican leadership has brought to the floor today. But there was a significant difference. Our bill was fully offset with real spending cuts that did not dismantle or put at risk the future of Social Security, a future in which as the 1998 report of the Social Security trustees found that none of the Social Security trust funds will have sufficient income to be able to pay benefits over the next 75 years. Today it is the main source of income for two-thirds of the seniors in this country. Seventy-six million baby boomers will begin retiring in 2010. By 2025, most baby boomers will be 65 or older. We cannot put our desire for politically-driven, irresponsibly-financed tax cuts before our overwhelming need and responsibility to ensure that Social Security is viable into the next century. To do that, the Democratic alternative creates a lock box. It takes 100 percent of the Social Security surplus and ensures that it will be used only for Social Security purposes. This creates a real protection for the Social Security surplus and the overall integrity of the system.  I would remind my colleagues that just a few weeks ago, the chairman of the Committee on the Budget, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kasich) suggested a 700 to $800 billion tax cut. I remind my friends, that would be 50 percent of the Social Security surplus. Where do we go next year?  Save Social Security. Oppose this bill. Support the Democratic alternative.  