Moakley), the ranking member of the Committee on Rules, for yielding time to me, Mr. Speaker.  Mr. Speaker, I rise, unfortunately, in opposition to this rule. I have been quoted numerous times on this floor as saying that this is a good bill. Let me repeat that statement. This is a good bill.  Let me also repeat, for all my colleagues, that the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe) has done a good job in shepherding this bill to this point. The gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) in my opinion is one of the fairest, brightest, hardest-working Members of this House. He is a gentleman for whom I have unrestrainedrespect and affection and with whom I enjoy working.  It is unfortunate that a provision that he supports is dropped from his bill and is causing us so much consternation on this side. There is an irony, I suppose, in that, as well.  Let me now speak to where this bill is. I have said it is a good bill. The good news is, for America and for this House, that 99.999 percent of this bill is agreed upon. We have four provisions, just four, that ultimately the conference could not agree on or could not be agreed upon in this House, because obviously the provisions that were included in the bill that came to the conference committee were agreed upon.  There was one provision, as I pointed out in the last debate on the rule, that was unanimously opposed on our side of the aisle. We perceived it as a partisan issue. That is to say that it was not supported by Members of both parties. That was, of course, the provision that dealt with the FEC, which would have had the effect of immediately firing, as of January 1 or fairly immediately, January 1, 1999, the incumbent counsel. We perceived that to be a payback, an action which would have been taken for the purposes of disciplining somebody who took an adverse action against GOPAC and the Christian Coalition.  I know my colleagues on the other side of the aisle do not believe that was the motivation, and I accept their premise as being honest. But that was our perception of what that item was about, so it was very controversial. That item has now been dropped. We think that is appropriate.  This issue will be discussed. I think the chairman of our committee has a legitimate concern about bringing in new blood to oversee this agency. I will be glad to work with him and talk to him about those issues. The right thing was done with respect to the FEC. We went into conference again to discuss this.  I made it very clear to the gentleman from Arizona (Chairman Kolbe), on behalf of the Democratic side that if the FEC was dropped, I say to my friend, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. McInnis), that at least 180 members of my side of the aisle would vote for the rule and this bill if the FEC were dropped. We could not pledge all 207 because there was some controversy on other substance, but I believe we could have gotten 180, which means that if the gentleman had 40 on his side or 100 or 140, this bill would have passed overwhelmingly.  Unfortunately, however, that was not to be. The chairman, as we left the conference, said the deal is off, we are not going to do a conference, we are going to put this in the omnibus bill. I have talked to the administration about that. I will tell my friends that the administration is going to be very, very hard and adamant on the inclusion of the contraceptive position of either this bill or the omnibus bill and the provision dealing with the Haitians.  The child care provision most of us I think are for on both sides of the aisle. We have a procedural problem that is causing a very substantial problem. I do not think the chairman is against it, and certainly I am for it. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) is for it, and other Members are for it.  With respect to the contraception, this, we believe, is the most egregious action that has been taken as this is reported back. First of all, let me tell my friend, the gentleman from Colorado, forget about what the Democrats say about cost. The Congressional Budget Office, I say to my friend, headed up by the selection of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kasich) and Mr. Domenici, two Republicans who head the Committees on the Budget in the Senate and in the House, said that there is no cost; not Democrats, not the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), but CBO says that, no cost. We were not scored for any cost whatsoever on this provision.  So that I think that is dispositive. CBO has talked to OPM, OPM says there is not going to be any cost, and CBO says there is to be no cost. So that was not the issue. In fact, it should not be the issue, this being a bipartisan-supported bill. In fact, 51 Republicans joined approximately 178 Democrats in voting to sustain this provision, 51 Republicans. What a significant number on the gentleman's side of the aisle, a very bipartisan support for this provision, which we perceive to be in the best interests of the health of America's women, in the best interests of the health of Federal employees, and in the best interests of pursuing a diminishing of abortions in this country. Will it be significant? We do not know. Will it affect that? We think it will.  We hope that Members vote against this rule so that we can go back to conference, as we did before, include back those provisions that we think have bipartisan support, pass this rule, and pass this very good bill that the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) has worked so hard on.  Mr. McINNIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I do want to make one point to the fine gentleman from the State of Maryland in regard to the CBO statement or the estimate that there is no cost.  First of all, my point to the gentleman from Texas was that in one statement he said there was no cost, and in the next statement he said it was negligible, so I am not sure what it is. Frankly, I think the gentleman probably observed it a little more closely. The point is, there is a shift in cost. While it is true that the government does not pick up additional costs, the individual will pick up additional costs. I think we just need to clarify that. What the gentleman has said is accurate, but to complete the picture, we need to show that the individual will pick up additional costs.  Mr. Speaker, I, of course, think it is important to get to this good bill. To get to this good bill we have to pass this rule.  Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe).  