Speaker, today we confront one of our most solemn responsibilities as Members of Congress, that of the question of impeachment of a President of the United States. In doing so, we consider embarking upon a task of the gravest consequence in democracy: the removal of the elected leader of our Nation by other than electoral process. We have considered this course on only two other occasions in the 209 year history of our Constitution and Government. It is plain that we should proceed judiciously and fairly in carrying out this duty.  Today's vote is how we should undertake this task. There are two proposals: The Republican proposal suggests that we authorize the Judiciary Committee to pursue an open ended investigation, consider all things that the Committee majority deems relevant for such time as that inquiry might take.  The Democratic proposal provides for the Judiciary Committee to pursue an analysis of the facts referred by the Independent Counsel and the law and to make such recommendations to the House as it deems appropriate after such review.  I shall vote for the Democratic proposal and against the Republican one. My constituents should know why.  First, I believe the President's conduct and public representations merit the disdain and deep disappointment, and, yes, even anger, of the American people. Having said that, I believe we must act according to the Constitution, the facts, and with a view to the precedents of history and the precedents we will establish for the future.  In many ways the situation that confronts us is unique. This matter comes to us from the Office of Independent Counsel after four and one-half years of extensive investigation, at a cost of over forty million dollars. In addition the House and Senate have themselves spent over ten million dollars and thousands of hours on hearings, depositions, investigation, and consideration of allegations against the President and his administration.  I believe the Republican proposal to undertake additional investigation and hearings isnot only unnecessary and redundant, it is also not in the best interests of our Country. I have stated before that I think this is the conclusion of the American public. Whatever action they favor, I believe they strongly support a prompt resolution so that whatever the outcome we can again focus on a public agenda reflecting the concerns, aspirations, and realities of our people's lives and our Country's in the international community. To do otherwise will jeopardize our future both in the short and long term. We must not continue to mire our public discourse in muck, ridicule, and nationally demeaning debate.  Secondly, I am convinced that we must decide whether the allegations contained in the referral from the Office of Independent Counsel, even if true, constitute impeachable offenses. It is clear that there is disagreement on that question among legal scholars.  The Republican resolution is clearly focused on procedures for further investigation and fact finding rather than a consideration of the information, allegations and conclusions referred by the Independent Counsel. It is difficult for me not to conclude that this is simply intended to prolong this matter for another year or two for political rather than Constitutional reasons. From circus-like delivery of the Counsel's report to the Congress the purpose of which, as quite obviously, to heighten public frenzy and expectation; to the almost immediate release of a salacious report designed, in my opinion, for sensationalism and to add to the debasement of the President, to the subsequent release of volumes of raw material for consumption by the public; to two days consideration weeks before a national election with the gag procedures imposed upon debate of the two alternatives, it is impossible to view these deliberations as either fair or judicious. Such action ill serves our Constitution or our Country. It is, I sadly lament, nevertheless, consistent with the totally partisan tenor of the leadership of this Congress.  The alternative resolution I will support provides that the Judiciary Committee will review the evidence referred to it and either recommend to the House to impeach, to impose such sanctions as it deems warranted or to take no further action. The Committee is directed to do so prior to December 31, 1998--a time frame deemed possible by the Chairman. Furthermore, if the Committee finds that it is unable to accomplish its work in the time frame provided it may ask the House for more time.  Neither this President nor any other can carry out the duties required of him by the Constitution and laws of this Nation while under constant investigation and attack. The American people understand that, which is why they want this matter brought to a close.  Our decisions should not be made based upon poll or plebiscite. But, I am convinced the people are absolutely correct in their judgment that we must conclude this tragic chapter in our Nation's history quickly before it demeans us further and debilitates us more.  