Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman and would rise in support of this amendment. I thank the gentlewoman from New York, who has been such a tenacious spokesperson on behalf of monitoring and ensuring fair elections in America. Her leadership on this issue has been outstanding, and all of America owes her a debt of gratitude.  Mr. Chairman, first of all, let me say that we ought to clarify what this amendment does. The chairman of the committee indicated it took it from the General Accounting Office. That was incorrect. The chairman made a mistake. It is out of the General Services Administration. I am not for reducing those accounts, but this particular account that is being reduced is over, I think, $2.3 billion, and this takes $2 million out of it. So it is a minor nick at best on the particular accounting question.  Having said that, the gentleman from Kansas, who is the cosponsor of this amendment, observes that we obviously feel in this country there are substantial problems with elections. Over $1 million was spent, not just by the committee, but by the parties involved, on one congressional election during this Congress, $1 million, \1/34\th of the dollars in this bill for FEC. That did not include the President or any of the other Federal races, United States Senate or House Members, other than that one race.  This Congress has spent, and you can get all sorts of estimates and I will not say which one is precise or not, but anywhere between $10 million and $40 million, a pretty broad spectrum, looking at the Presidential race alone. Just one race. We ask the FEC to look at essentially thousands of candidates to ensure that they are complying with the laws this Congress adopted to ensure that Americans have fair elections.  Now, the gentlewoman's amendment and the gentleman from Kansas's amendment takes the FEC from the $34 million-plus that we have incorporated in this bill to the $36 million-plus that was the request of the administration. Some would argue pretty strenuously that that was insufficient in and of itself. Why? Because the dollars involved in campaigns has escalated geometrically. We all know that. Just taking House races alone, where the average expenditures have gone in the last 20 years from probably less than $300,000 to, for the most part, close to $1 million, that is three-and-a-half times in 20 years.  The number of candidates is rising. I am not sure that is true this year on House races off the top of my head, but we know over the last 6 years, the number of candidates has escalated very substantially.  The FEC has had to dismiss cases. They have had to dismiss cases because they did not have the resources to handle them. So unless they are very serious cases, they have not been able to deal with them. The proposition raised by the gentlewoman from New York and the gentleman from Kansas is that ought not to be, because, if that happens, we cannot ensure fair elections.  Now, I understand the chairman of the committee feels strongly that the FEC does not do its job properly. I understand his premise. I also understand his premise when he talks about the length of service by some Commissioners. I think he makes a good point. I am not for term limits, as the chairman is not for term limits, but we did not raise a whole lot of stuff about his provision last year.  But I would hope that every Member of the House on either side of the aisle would look at this amendment in the context of what we are trying to do in America to ensure that funds are raised properly, spent properly, and administered properly.  I hear in one-minutes, in special orders and in debate on this bill and other bills many, many members of the majority party getting up and saying how awful it is that we do not know exactly what happened in the elections in terms of raising money from foreigners, from domestic people, soft money, hard money, whatever. Well, my friends, if you really want to get at it, this is where we have set up in law to do it. And to say on the one hand you want to get at fair elections and on the other hand undercut the resources of the agencies that Congress has established to accomplish that objective I think is problematic at best. So I would urge my friends to adopt this amendment, and congratulate my colleagues for offering it, and hope that the House will adopt it.  