Speaker, I thank my distinguished friend and colleague, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Traficant), who does such an able job representing us on this committee and in the Congress, for yielding this time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S.Con.Res. 120, a concurrent resolution to rename the Capitol Police Headquarters in the memory of Officers Christopher Eney, Jacob Chestnut and Detective John Gibson.  Mr. Speaker, the distinguished majority leader and I had the opportunity today to participate in the laying of a wreath at the memorial which commemorates those brave American police officers, our domestic defenders who have laid down their life for peaceful and safe communities.  Mr. Speaker, almost 15,000 Americans wearing a uniform or in the service of our law enforcement levels at the Federal, state and local have lost their lives. That is a big number. This year alone, Mr. Speaker, 64,000 officers will be assaulted on the streets and in the communities of America. An officer will be killed once every 54 hours in America. Twelve officers, in addition to Mr. Chestnut and Mr. Gibson, Detective Gibson and Officer Chestnut, were killed in July of 1998. These stark statistics were given at that memorial service in which the majority leader and I participated today.  I introduced a resolution similar to this in the House with Senator Paul Sarbanes on September 18, 1998, passed Senator Sarbanes' resolution, nonpartisan-bipartisan, no pride of authorship, but a pride only in the service that these brave men have given. It passed the Senate on October 8.  I want to thank my colleague and friend, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay); the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster); the ranking member, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar); and, as I said earlier, my good friend the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Traficant) as well as the gentleman from California (Mr. Kim) for bringing this bill to the floor in a timely fashion. Susan Brita of the Democratic staff I would also like to personally thank for her attention to this bill as well as the majority staff for their hard work in ensuring its consideration here today.  This resolution names; the building does not have a name right now, but this resolution names the United States Capitol Police Headquarters as the Eney, Chestnut, Gibson Memorial Building. It is right and proper that we do this. This name was selected not by any of us, but by the Capitol Police themselves and reflects the order in which each man lost his life. These men are fallen heroes of the Capitol Police Force.  Let me read now, if I can, Mrs. Eney's remarks that are included at the memorial. She said this:  It is not how those officers died that made them heroes, it is how they lived.  I hope Mrs. Eney is watching today along with Mrs. Chestnut and Mrs. Gibson. I had the opportunity to talk to Wendy today and to Lynn and see the pain of their loss and the anguish that they were experiencing. There is nothing that we can do perhaps to relieve that pain, but it is proper for us to recognize the sacrifice and service of those they loved.  These men are fallen heroes. Officer Christopher Eney lost his life during a training exercise in August 1984, training to be ready to defend this Capitol with his life, if need be. Just as Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson had trained and were prepared and did, in fact, give their lives in the defense not just of the people in this body, not just of those who work in this building, not even just for those who visit this building, or a combination of all, but in a very real sense in defense of the democracy for which this building stands.  Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson were struck down in the line of duty on July 24 of this year while defending innocent citizens, staff and Members from a maniacal and senseless shooting spree in our Nation's Capitol. Last week indeed, Mr. Speaker, a grand jury indicted the shooter, charged him with murder in the shooting deaths of Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson. Hopefully that trial will proceed speedily and will reach a just and appropriate result.  Mr. Speaker, August 24, the day on which Christopher Eney died, and July 24, the day on which Detective Gibson and Officer Chestnut gave their lives, those two dates should forever remind us that the risk is always present for those we ask to defend a free society.  As a Capitol Hill family, we in Congress wish to join the Capitol Hill Police Force and the families of the deceased in honoring the memory of their colleagues and loved ones who died while performing their duties by renaming their headquarters after them.  It is appropriate for the Congress to pass this resolution. The men and women of law enforcement, like those we ask to join the Armed Services and defend freedom abroad, are responsible for us being able to meet in this body, in a society that honors peace and order. The least that we could do, as a body and as a people, is to honor our fallen officers by naming the headquarters where they served with dignity and pride and commitment and courage.  I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.  