We are glad to have you back.  Speaker Wright, Speaker Michel, Mr. Speaker, I want you to know that, with all due respect, I said to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Ray LaHood), I said, Mr. LaHood, I will get you 207 votes if you will get 11, and we will make Bob Michel the Speaker. But he still has not come up with those 11 votes, Bob. I don't know what the problem is, but we are working on it.  I am very pleased to have the opportunity once again to be the designated hitter to welcome you back to the halls of Congress. One of my constituents from New Carrollton got an award this morning from the Small Business Administration, so I was down there. As I was driving back from the Grand Hyatt Hotel, I was thinking about welcoming this group back.  The thought occurred to me that it is so nice to have you back, the generation that had those raging deficits. We have balanced the budget, you know. It was your generation that gave us the unrestrained Cold War, and we are welcoming you back now that we have solved that problem.  But also I thought to myself, yours was the generation of unapologetic civility in the Congress of the United States. Those were the good old days, although I might observe, I am sure, that the civility is much greater in its recollection than it was in its experience, because I served with so many of you, and I know that there were acrimonious times even then.  We are very pleased to have you back, because you are part of the brotherhood and sisterhood of those who had the opportunity of serving the peoples' House.  I think all of us, and those who are in the Senate, I see three of my Senators are here, Senator Mathias, Senator Beall, and my patron, as all of you know, Senator Daniel Brewster, who employed me, and effectively made it possible for me to get through Georgetown Law School as a member of his staff. I will forever be thankful for his contribution to my success. We have two Republicans and a Democrat, great friends and great patriots all. We are pleased to have you back.  One of my predecessors is here, Congressman Larry Hogan, who had the experience of having his son run against me some 6 years ago; but we have remained friends, and I am pleased to see all of you back.  It is clear that this body and the body across the Capitol are perceived correctly by the world's population as being the repositories of how people get together in peaceful ways and resolve differences. So many of you have been heroes in that effort.  Senator Baker is mentioned most recently for his role in the crisis confronting a democracy that saw the Constitution of the United States work its will, and the people's will reflected in a peaceful transition of power. So I am pleased, because I know that so much of what we do from a good standpoint, we do and are enabled to do because of the contributions that so many of you made.  I had the privilege of coming to the House under Speaker Tip O'Neill, one of the beloved Speakers of this House. Then I had the great privilege of serving in what I perceived to be, and I know that that may not be a universal judgment, as the most productive Congress in which I served, the 100th Congress, under the leadership of Speaker Jim Wright. Speaker Wright, it is a privilege and pleasure to have served with you and to have you back, and recognize your great contribution to the history of this country and the history of this House.  I am so honored to be with all of you, and so honored to recognize your contributions to America's well-being, to its role not only in this country, for its own citizens, but around the world.  God bless you, good health, and I look forward to seeing you again, over and over. Thank you very much, and welcome.  Mr. McHUGH. We thank our friend, the gentleman from Maryland, for those very thoughtful remarks.  At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, the Honorable Louis Frey, Jr., who is the president of our association.  