Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 3246, a bill the Republican Leadership has seen fit to name the ``Fairness for Small Business and Employees Act'' but should more appropriately be called a ``Bill to Restrict Workers from Organizing''. This bill should not have been brought to the House floor for a vote. The only reason we are debating this bill today is because the Republican Leadership has, as part of their agenda, set a goal of removing the right of American workers to organize.  The current law protects American workers. An employee who holds a job for the purpose of organizing a particular workplace is an official employee of the company that hired that person. If this worker performs their employment duties satisfactorily, they are protected against discrimination for union activity and affiliation. If H.R. 3246 passes, it will overturn a 1995 unanimous Supreme Court decision that upheld the current law. This bill will give employers the ability to discriminate against workers who exercise the right to organize. The NLRB will be unable to protect workers against unfair employer discrimination.  This anti-labor bill also gives employers the ability to frustrate and delay their employees' choice of union representation. The NLRB, through years of experience, has determined that in most situations, it is appropriate for workers to organize in a single location of a multi-facility business rather than organizing at all locations at once. This bill requires the NLRB to apply a subjective test to determine the appropriate unit to organize. This will allow employers to have control over their workers' right to organize.  Mr. Chairman, H.R. 3246 is unfair to our workers and unfair to America. One of the foundations of this Nation is the right for workers to organize. This bill is at odds with basic principles of American labor law and jeopardizes fundamental worker rights. The bill is a direct and specific attack by the Republican Leadership on American workers and unions and I urge my colleagues to oppose it.  