 I rise to lament this procedure which I think does not do what ultimately we must do. And what ultimately we must do is to restore the confidence of the American public in their system of electing public officials, whether at the Federal level, at the State level or at the local level.  Like some of my colleagues, I have been involved in politics for a long time, having first been elected to the Maryland State Senate in 1966. During that period of time that I served the State Senate 12 years, I voted on a number of campaign finance reforms. I was not here in Congress in 1974 when we adopted the far-reaching campaign finance reform regime and which, as the gentleman from California said, essentially exists today.  I want to congratulate the gentleman from Arkansas, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Meehan), the gentleman from California (Mr. Farr), and the ranking member of our committee, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Gejdenson), for the untiring and long-term work that they have undertaken on behalf of campaign finance reform.  I also want to congratulate the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Baesler) for his leadership on this issue. It was his focus, his discharge petition, and the disciplined approach that he took that, frankly, got us to this place.  I will make a much more detailed, expansive discussion of campaign finance reform and my views of the specifics of those reforms when we return. It is, however, my hope that we will not add to the cynicism of our citizens by the course of this debate. Because if we do so, we will have served them poorly.  If what we do is a political game, if what we do is beat our chests and say, on the one hand, the first amendment demands that we do not intrude in trying to make our elections more honest, more fair, more open, we will have not served the public well, nor will we have served our democracy well. If, on the other hand, what we do is play a political game where amendments fly across the field of battle and ultimately we pass no reform, we will have undermined the confidence of the public.  My colleagues on both sides of the aisle, let us be real, let us do our duty, and let us restore the confidence of the American public in their democracy.  