 Madam Speaker, there has been a suggestion that the administration did not exercise its responsibilities with respect to the Y2K problem. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) has pointed out that that included the total of about almost $5 billion for emergency and contingency spending in their budget, that $1.2 billion was specifically requested for Y2K, and that another $3.25 billion was requested for Bosnia contingency spending and also Y2K.  That is not described, so neither I nor anybody else can specifically say what figure one can apply. But the fact is the administration, as all governments and all private sectors, has been working this issue very hard.  But the issue is not who is to blame: Did the Reagan administration or the Bush administration or the Clinton administration purchase incorrect hardware or software. In fact, we had a hearing before the Committee on House Oversight that the new leadership, Republican leadership, came in and bought some new computerware in 1995, which is outdated. We are going to have to replace them. That is because technology is moving very quickly.  This is not to blame anybody. It is to say that that decision is in error, recognized in error yesterday before the committee in testimony by the administrator. With no criticism of that, we need to move on to make sure that, technologically, we can handle our information systems properly.  The fact of the matter is, the point we are making on this rule is that we have some 40 days, 40 legislative days left. We have not done much in this Congress to date. Everybody observes that. We have 40 days left. This country is confronted with an emergency. Everybody recognizes that on both sides of the aisle. There is no dispute about that. There is an emergency.  The dispute is whether we delay confronting that emergency. The Committee on Appropriations said no. TheSubcommittee on the Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government said no.  Let us address it now. Let us deal with this issue now. Let us responsibly say we are going to fund the solution and not delay. That is what this dispute is about.  You can go all you want and say, oh, well, it was the other guys, point fingers, and it was somebody yesterday or the day before or the day before that that caused this problem. What you cannot, however, say is that there is not an absolutely essential need for us to respond.  My distinguished chairman, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Kolbe) said, well, we can delay and we can decide later in a supplemental as to how we pay for it or we do not pay for it, whether it is emergency or not. That sounds good, but all of us know that the longer this is delayed, the longer agencies cannot plan for dollars available, the more problematic becomes the solution. As the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt) likes to quote Ed Harris as saying in Apollo 13, ``In this instance, failure is not an option.''  This rule puts at risk solving this problem. It does not preclude it. I understand that. But it puts it at risk unnecessarily. This is an emergency. Far too often, frankly, in the last 3 years we have found emergencies by tornado, by flood, by other devices; and we have delayed the solution to the detriment of those who were injured. We ought not to do that in this instance.  Mr. McINNIS. Madam Speaker, first of all, I would note to the gentleman, hang around until 5 o'clock this evening, and we are going to pass the IRS reform which is the most major piece of reform. We are doing something today. It is going to be a very significant day.  Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella).  