Chairman, we confuse salary and Federal employee benefits, health benefits and retirement benefits.  Let me bring this back to what this debate, from my perspective, is all about. First of all, I will tell my friend from Kansas that I presume he means that our employees are self-employed. He references that they work for the taxpayers, apparently not conceiving that they themselves are taxpayers. To that extent, I suppose they work for themselves. My point being that they are taxpayers, they are citizens of this country, and they are due equal consideration, as every other working American is due. It so happens, yes, they are our employees, but they deserve no less respect, no less integrity in their decisions, than any other employee.  Now, let me tell my friend, every employee in America essentially has a compensation package. They may not refer to it as fancifully as that, but they have a compensation package. Most employees, not all, most have at least two components of that compensation package, salary and health benefits.  We know there are a large number of employees that only have one; that is, the salary component. Other employees have, in addition to the salary and the health benefits, a retirement benefit, making it a three-component compensation package. But the fact of the matter is it is all their money, not the employer's, whether the employer be a public sector or private sector employer.  For instance, General Motors. General Motors makes a contract with their employees, and they go and negotiate back and forth. Some employers used to want to have more health benefits in their package and less salary because they pay FICA tax on salary, and it was cheaper to do health costs. As health costs have escalated, they have gone to salary. Because health benefits are too expensive and they are going to HMOs, we are causing the problem we are discussing.  The fact of the matter is that compensation package is the employee's. They made a deal, and they said, ``I will spend X number of hours using my talent and effort to accomplish the objectives you, the employer, want to accomplish, and in consideration for my talent and effort, you will compensate me with X number of dollars. Part of those dollars will be paid in salary. I get my check.''  Now, if the gentleman from Kansas and the gentleman from New Jersey perceive those as Federal dollars, if those are Federal dollars, those salaries, because they are paid out of exactly the same pot that compensation and retirement are paid out, exactly, there is no distinction, if you perceive that to be Federal dollars, then the Federal employee, unlike every other employee, can only spend their dollars when they go home that they earn in salary as we tell them, as Big Brother, as dictator employer tells them to spend it.  But you make an interesting distinction and say oh, well, they can spend their salary money, which, of course, comes out of the taxpayers' pocket, the way they want; but the part of their compensation package that we pay directly to the insurance, because we have a joint system in which we directly pay the insurer, which makes it cheaper for the employee and cheaper for the employer, so the taxpayer gets a benefit because we put it together, as opposed to giving it directly to the employee and having them purchase it discretely, individually, which would be a lot less efficient and therefore a lot more costly.  I do not know why we look at Federal employees as some second-rate employees in America.  