Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Hefner) for offering this amendment. My experience has been, in the some 30-plus years that I have been in public office, that the constituents with whom I deal hate most hypocrisy. They can disagree with me from time to time, and they do, but it is when they know, and hopefully it does not happen very often, hopefully never, that I am saying something that I do not believe, that I am voting a way I do not act.  In 1989, this body, in a bipartisan way, with the leadership of the present Speaker, the then Speaker Tom Foley, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), the gentleman from California (Mr. Fazio), many others, Mr. Michael in particular, I think even the presiding officer presently came together and said that we need to have a system that we believe is fair and the public will believe is fair.  We, at that point in time, for those Members who are new and do not recall, could take 30 percent of our salary from private-sector interests to enhance our salary. It was called honoraria.  I did not think that was right. This body did not think it was right and good policy. And we changed that. And in changing that, we said, we are going to set in place a system that will attempt to fairly reflect a salary that will, in effect, stay level. Because that is what cost of living is, of course, staying level, staying even. So that costs increase and salaries increase across the board, we escalate Social Security by a cost-of-living adjustment so that the value of the receipt of Social Security is approximately the same.  And so we did that. But as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) has correctly pointed out, we said that we are going to take the economic cost index, ECI, the private-sector wage information, determine what that average salary increase is, and we will then deduct half a point from that so that we will be getting less than that average in the private sector and adjust our salaries by that number.  Now, is it a raise? Yes, of course it is an increase. But is it a real raise? No, it is not. It is a staying even with the economy. That was, in my opinion, an honest, rational, common-sense approach. Members voted on that reform on this floor in public on the record at 4 in the afternoon, full light of day. And we did it before an election. And we said that that would not go into effect until we were reelected. In other words, we did not take it at that point in time.  And, in fact, I believe that every Member who sought re-election that was reelected, or even defeated, was not done so because of that provision. That is to say, citizens understood that. They thought it was fair. In fact, they thought it was reform and common cause, and many other citizens organizations endorsed it.  Now, for a number of years after passing that, we did in fact follow without debates; and if Federal employees and if private sector got a cost-of-living adjustment, we got a cost-of-living adjustment. It was not a controversial item among the citizens in America. They understand that that iswhat, for the most part, they would like in their jobs and, for the most part, they get in their jobs.  We have, however, always been inclined to demagogue the institution and demagogue one another on institutional issues. That is a shame. It is a shame because it brings disrespect on this institution and disrespect on the individual Members.  Now, is that bad for the individuals? Of course. But, much worse, it is bad for America to lose faith and trust in its Members, who somehow give the impression that they are taking something that is either undeserved or unearned.  I would hope that every Member on the majority side, as I will tell my colleagues on my side, will tell the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Linder), this is not good policy. It may be good politics. It may adopt the premise of the Speaker that politics is war. But it is lousy public policy. It is demagoguery of the worst type.  