Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation. We have heard a lot of talk this year about the falling crime rate. Violent crime is down more than 16 percent in the past 5 years. We are very pleased with that, of course, across this country. This is a remarkable accomplishment.  I might observe that many of us believe that the President's crime program and community policing have contributed to that result. But in the midst of celebrating, we must not forget the terrible price paid by the people most responsible for this achievement, police officers.  We at the Federal level talk a lot about law enforcement, about crime, and about bringing down the crime rates in this country, but we know full well that it is not at the Federal level that we fight crime, not even, frankly, primarily at the State level, but the local level, at the municipal level.  There were 159 police officers, Mr. Speaker, killed in the line of duty just last year; 159. The even worse news is this number was a huge increase from 1996, during which there were 116 line-of-duty fatalities. It is clear that it is getting more dangerous to protect the rights of citizens in this country.  I believe this resolution is absolutely correct. It honors those law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice, who have, in Lincoln's word, given their last full measure of devotion to the cause of protecting the rest of us from harm. For that devotion, the police officers of this country have earned the undying gratitude of their fellow Americans.  Just a few minutes ago, Mr. Speaker, we considered a bill to provide more bulletproof vests for officers. That is a crucial initiative, and I hope it will be signed into law within the month. But even with those vests, even with those vests, police officers will still have to walk out of the door each morning prepared, if necessary, to put their lives at risk in the name of justice, to put their lives at risk in the name of peace and good order, to put their lives at risk so that others of us might have safer schools, safer neighborhoods, safercommunities, safer streets, put their lives at risk so that democracy and freedom and justice can prevail.  These brave men and women are true American heroes, Mr. Speaker, and they deserve to be recognized, not just rhetorically, but in any way that we can, to recognize their heroism, to recognize their absolute critical role in the preservation of democracy and justice and order.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this resolution is very, very simple in its wording, and I want to commend the sponsor and the introducer of this resolution, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Burton). Very simply, it says that this resolution indicates it is the sense of the House of Representatives that the contributions made by law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty should be honored, their dedication and sacrifice recognized, and their unselfish service to the Nation remembered.  Later this week, Mr. Speaker, the Nation's law enforcement community will gather from all over the country and will join us in our Nation's capital to remember the over 14,000 men and women in blue who have made the ultimate sacrifice to serve and protect.  During the course of their ceremony, Officer Bill Glover of the Ashtabula City Police Department from my district and 15 officers from other jurisdictions will have their names solemnly added to the silent walls here in the Capitol. Their service is what protects the law-abiding from the lawbreaking, and their sacrifice should be honored and remembered by all in any way that we possibly can. That is what makes H.Res. 422 so fitting and appropriate.  When I have the opportunity to visit the Police Officers' Memorial here on the Capitol on an annual basis, I am often reminded of remarks that we wish that all of the men and women who don police officers' uniforms in this country could die in bed with their socks on, next to their loved ones, and that we would have no need of a memorial to mark those men and women who fall protecting us from those who are bent on violence and destruction.  It is appropriate that we have that memorial. It is a solemn occasion that we will remember this Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. I would urge all of my colleagues to support H. Res. 422.  