Speaker, under my reservation, I sadly join the majority whip, whose comments are both personal but express as well the sentiments of his colleagues.  Over 14,622 law enforcement officers have lost their lives in the history of our country. The first one lost his life in 1794. Since that time, we have asked some of our fellow citizens to take upon themselves the responsibility and the risk of defending freedom here at home.  When I began the Pledge of Allegiance, I said that Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson died defending the principles for which it stands. That was literally and figuratively true. Every morning those whom we ask to bear the responsibility of maintaining order in a civil society, without which we would not have freedom and justice and the rule of law, they put on their uniform or their plain clothes and they put on a badge, and most of them attach a gun to their hip or to their shoulder. They and their families know that daily they risk their lives. In this instance, of course, because no previous Capitol police officer has lost his or her life in a confrontation, that risk seemed remote.  Mr. Speaker, Friday, July 24 reminds us once again that the risk is always present for those we ask to defend this free society. The vagaries of life are such that there are those, either demented or angry or for whatever reasons, take onto themselves the opportunity to commit violence.  In this instance, Officer Chestnut, Detective Gibson and, indeed, the hundreds of Capitol police officers who responded to this crisis, gave their lives that many others might be safe and, more importantly, to indicate that the Capitol of the United States, Freedom's House, if you will, will, in fact, be accessible, but it will also be protected.  Our community on this Hill is a grief-stricken community, and it is a reflection of a country that shares that grief. I have had the opportunity of talking to family members of these officers. I and so many others on this floor know the personal grief that they are experiencing. They have lost a loved one. They have lost a friend. They have lost a dad or brother or an uncle or a friend and a neighbor. They have a very personal grief.  But our country has a collective grief, and it is appropriate that we honor these men, both as individual American heroes, but as well, as the majority whip has indicated, as two members of a group of some 700,000 Americans who daily leave their homes and take to their duties to defend America's principles, to defend Americans, to defend an orderly society.  These men and women of law enforcement, like those we ask to join the Armed Services and defend freedom abroad, are equally responsible for us being able to meet in this body in a society that honors the peaceful resolution of disputes. We are the land of the free because we are the home of the brave. This resolution honors two of those brave who ensure that this will be, in fact, the land of the free.  Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of objection.  