Speaker, the gentleman from Colorado has said on two occasions that this is just like every employee. It is not. This bill terminates the employment of Mr. Noble. That is what this bill does. It has a provision in it that he can be rehired by a vote of four to three. The commission is made up of three Republicans and three Democrats.  Do not kid anybody. This bill fires a Federal official for doing something that you did not like, and that is going after GOPAC and the Christian Coalition.  The gentleman from Colorado (Mr. McInnis) is right, we need to be accurate on what this bill does. That provision should not be in this bill. There are three Republicans and three Democrats, and you are correct, if four of them believe that Mr. Noble is not performing, they ought to remove him from office. But it ought not to be done on a partisan vote. That is the reason for this provision in current law, to protect the counsel and the executive director from partisan attack.  Mr. McINNIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, it is interesting that the other gentleman there said this does not have, I forget what kind ofword he used, ``diddly-squat'' he says, about term limits, and he spent five minutes talking about how it is term limits. So I am glad that the gentleman has acceded to my point.  I would say to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), this is not about term limits or about anything. It is about tenure. And I am saying, by gosh, these guys, I know they look at what we do for elections, but that does not entitle them to a lifetime of employment. When do we have job performance? How do you question what these people are doing?  The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) and I both face our job performance here in about five weeks. By the way, we have to get an affirmative vote in about six weeks for the gentleman and I to be back here in January. And what makes him any different? We are saying you have to be like other employees, just like the working Joe and working Jane out there. You have to come up with some job performance.  It does require one Democrat or one Republican, depending on the makeup, to come over and say your job performance is such that you should retain your job.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  