Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me this time, and I rise in support, as the previous speakers have, in support of the continuing resolution and to lament the fact that just a few years ago the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) offered, I offered, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Davis) on the Republican side of the aisle offered clean continuing resolutions to keep the government going while we tried to work out our differences. That was the way to do it. We are now doing it the proper way.  And I would reiterate what the chairman and what the ranking member said. The President has indicated he has no intention of shutting down this government and will, in fact, sign short-term CRs while we come to grips with important priorities.  The President stood at that podium in early February and set forth an agenda. The response to that speech was overwhelming. He indicated that the State of the Union was good. It is. Most of us, or many of us believe it is good because of the 1993 economic program the President put on this floor and was passed in the Congress and signed by the President, which has, in fact, brought us that balanced budget.  The fact of the matter is, I say to my friend from Alabama, there are some bills that even the people in south Alabama would like and southern Maryland would like, and that is legislation to make sure that our kids have enough schools in which to be educated; that they are not crumbling down around them; that they are not dangerous and unhealthy.  The President put forth before the Congress a program to help communities build additional classrooms. And then the President said, from this podium, we understand that there is a teacher shortage, that classes are overcrowded. We have 35 to 40 students in a class, and that even the best of teachers cannot educate our children to compete around the globe with that many students. So he said, let us put 100,000 new teachers in our classrooms; just as he said, let us put 100,000 COPS on the Beat, back in 1994, and we have seen the crime rate go down.  My suggestion to my colleagues, if we came to grips, yes, even in the next 42, 48, or 72 hours with putting those 100,000 teachers in our classrooms, as crime went down, I suggest that our educational level would go up.  And, yes, my friend from Alabama has been one of the most responsible Members of this House. As he knows, he is one of my favorites. But, frankly, my fellow Members, we said we were going to pass IMF a long time ago. We promised we would get IMF done. We know the world economy is in a critical situation. We know that the stability that IMF lends to it is absolutely critical at this stage. But where is IMF? It is not yet.  Y2K was promised to be passed months ago, to make sure our computers know that the 2000 year has come and continue to operate so that our airways are safe and the taxpayers get their money back on time and all the things we need to do.  Yes, this CR is a good one, but let us come to grips with the important priorities this President has brought before us, pass them, and then we will have a success.  