 President, I had intended to offer this amendment, but in the interest of moving this legislation, I will ask unanimous consent, after I make a brief statement, that my amendment be withdrawn.  The amendment I was going to offer would have allowed the President to rescind all unauthorized appropriations.  I feel that this goes to the heart of the concerns of the American people about line-item legislation.  Mr. President, we need a commonsense solution to cutting out pork, while at the same time, protecting those programs the American people really care about. I want to be able to be here and fight for the people I represent.  I believe that the amendment offered at the end of yesterday's session by my good friend, the minority leader, and the distinguished Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Exon], goes a long way in achieving that commonsense solution.  Like my amendment, this approach will allow the President to cut all those 11th hour deals in conference committees. It eliminates the back-room wheeling and dealing.  Mr. President, without this amendment, the Dole substitute to S. 4 goes too far. It is a radical, unworkable approach to a difficult problem. It gives the President too much power over the American people. It is too complicated. It creates too much bureaucracy.  The substitute before us enables the President randomly to veto programs that the people's representatives in Congress debate, and compromise on, and authorize in the name of our constituents.  Yesterday I listened very carefully to the debate. I heard the comments of Senator Nunn and I heard the comments of my friend and neighbor, the distinguished Senator from Oregon [Mr. Hatfield]. Mr. President, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee gave a stirring speech, full of wisdom and common sense about why the line-item legislation is bad public policy.  In particular, he noted the unprecedented transfer of power from the people to the White House. Mr. President, I urge our colleagues to read the speech made by the Senator from Oregon in the Record. I cannot support the Dole substitute--it is the breeding ground for abuse and political horsetrading.  I want to give the President the ability to line-item veto all those portions of appropriations bills that have not been through the hearing and authorization process. All those pork items contribute to our deficit.  This is the spending the American people are angry about: the unauthorized buildings, the earmarked research, and the special interest projects.  But, Mr. President, the American people are not angry about the programs that have been authorized. These come to life under the full glare of public scrutiny--everyone is given a chance to weigh in. That is why we have public witness hearings in the Appropriations Committee.  And, it is our job, Mr. President, to make tough choices and to craft compromises. Just like we do at home.  Mr. President, after all the public negotiations, after all the compromises that make up the congressional process--we cannot allow the people's wishes to be subject to the arbitrary veto pen of one person.  The Congressional Research Service tells me that it would take them days to compile the list of unauthorized appropriations in the fiscal year 1994 Transportation bill. And, I have another list from the CRS which shows that nearly $1 in $5 in the military construction account was spent on unauthorized appropriations. That is not insignificant.  Mr. President, I intend to vote for the line-item legislation proposed by my colleagues from South Dakota and Nebraska. I want to make sure my constituents' wishes are not subject to the arbitrary budget axe of the executive branch. I want to return some rationality to this debate.  Mr. President, the American people deserve a balanced budget. When I arrived at the Senate 2 years ago, I faced the daunting task of restoring some fiscal restraint to our budget--it was a budget of runaway spending. It was a budget of misplaced priorities.  And, as a member of the Budget Committee, I was tasked by my constituents to correct the way our money is spent.  That is the proper role of Congress. We, as the representatives of the people, have the obligation to form a budget. It is not the President's job to appropriate money--it is this branch's duty.  I have learned a great deal about our budget over the past 2 years. I have worked with great Senators, like the former chairman, Senator Sasser of Tennessee, and the current ranking member, the Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Exon].  Let me say, Mr. President, we are a richer country for the wisdom of my distinguished colleague from Nebraska. I look forward to working with him during the next 18 months, and I will miss his leadership when he retires from this body.  Mr. President, my friend from Nebraska knows, as I know, that crafting a budget resolution takes courage.  Reducing our deficit takes even more courage. And, I am proud of the record of the Budget Committee and the administration over the past 2 years--as you know, we have reduced the deficit by nearly $100 billion.  We did that by leveling with the American people. By making taxes fairer. By cutting more than 300 programs and totally eliminating 100 more.  That is the correct way.  Trying to attack government spending through a radical, unworkable separate enrollment bill is not.  Everyone wants to lower the deficit, which blossomed and grew during the 1980's. And, as I said, we have done a good job of it over the past 2 years.  I am afraid some of these proposals might go too far. We need to keep things in perspective. I am afraid as I look at the rescission package--these are the wrong cuts to the wrong people. And, scoring a few political points in a debate will have dire consequences for millions of average Americans. It might sound good in a debate to control the White House, but it won't feel good to the average Americans who sit around the kitchen table in my house.  [[Page S4411]] Mr. President, I will support line-item legislation, but not the ill-conceived, radical amendment supported by the majority leader.  I ask unanimous consent that my amendment be withdrawn.  