 And I thank my colleagues, the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Bradley], and the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Breaux], and many other Senators who are submitting this amendment to help correct one of the troubling aspects of the budget resolution before us, the tax increases on working American families.  By cutting the earned income tax credit, by taking away a tax break for working families, this resolution will raise taxes an average of $270 for low-income families next year. That is wrong.  Mr. President, frankly, I am amazed by this Republican proposal. The EITC has always received bipartisan support because it is a commonsense tax credit. It rewards work. It provides a real incentive, and it gives people the means to move from the welfare rolls to the work force.  In 1986, Ronald Reagan praised the earned income tax credit. As you know, I was not here in 1986. I was at home serving on my local school board in the State of Washington, but I remember watching the debate surrounding the Tax Reform Act of 1986. We might forget sometimes under all these television lights that the actions we take and the words we say matter a great [[Page S7141]] deal to average Americans across this country. I cannot forget that because I remember when Congress approved the tax reform package that included an expansion of the EITC, and I remember President Reagan signing that bill into law, saying the EITC is the best antipoverty, the best pro-family, the best job-creation measure to come out of Congress. These were important words then, and they are important words today.  Mr. President, many hard-working American families are just trying to make ends meet, send their kids to school and provide some hope for the future.  Average Americans are worried about their jobs. They are anxious about the cost of education. And, there is genuine concern out there about the costs of health care. So, how does this budget respond to these legitimate and real concerns? It creates more fear and more insecurity. It takes away hope. And taking away this tax credit adds insult to injury.  Mr. President, the EITC keeps people off welfare. It offsets other forms of Federal assistance. It gives American parents the security they need to enter the work force. It is astounding that the other side has chosen this time to cut the EITC. Cuts to Medicaid; cuts to education; taxes on working Americans who can least afford them.  In my home State of Washington, more than 224,000 families earned the tax credit in 1993. This budget resolution will raise taxes on those families in my State by $1,468 over the next 7 years.  Maybe this increase is not a big deal to some of our colleagues here in the Senate, Mr. President. But, believe me, these are real increases to average Americans. I know what it is like to drive to work every day, worrying about doctors' bills and school clothes. I know how it feels to be squeezed between caring for elderly parents and young kids. Maybe that is why I understand how nasty this cut is.  Mr. President, recently, there has been a lot of talk about tax cuts on Capitol Hill. The House of Representatives has already passed a tax plan that cuts taxes on capital gains and expands IRA deductions, and I expect we will hear a debate on a tax cut this week in the Senate.  A tax cut is a great idea as long as we pay for it in a sensible way, but a tax cut is a terrible idea if we pay for it by raising taxes on low-income Americans, or by raising the Medicare payments of our Nation's elderly.  Mr. President, we cannot balance the budget on our working poor, our elderly or our children. And, we cannot justify cutting taxes for the wealthy while increasing taxes on our poor.  Mr. President, I have said it many times in the past 2 weeks and I will say it again now, this budget has no conscience. This budget hurts the little guy--those who need help, those who are struggling to make a living and provide for their children, and, it rewards the rich. This budget gives Goliath an advantage.  Let us put things back in perspective. Let us help those who really need our help. Let us not go back to the days of the Industrial Revolution; Back to survival of the fittest. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It tells working families that we are fighting in their corner. It says we are against increasing their taxes and we for ensuring their financial security. I urge all our colleagues to support this amendment.  I yield the floor.  