 President, on Monday of this week, the Senate unanimously voted to enact strict lobbying reforms. That vote signaled the intent of this body to listen carefully to the concerns of the American people. Today we have an opportunity to act on another reform measure--the gift ban.  This bill, which was introduced by Senators Levin, Cohen, and Wellstone, seeks to prohibit Members and staff from receiving gifts. Simply, Members and staff will not have the opportunity to accept meals, privately financed trips, contributions to legal defense funds, or any other gifts from lobbyists. That does not seem like an unreasonable request to me. The American public has called for an end to business as usual in Washington, and this is a big step on the road to reform.  In the last Congress, the Senate voted overwhelmingly to pass a virtually identical gift ban bill. Unfortunately, it was killed by a filibuster. But the need to adopt these reform measures has not diminished. There is strong support from the public. There is strong support from the Congress. And there is an unquestionable need to take this action.  Mr. President, this debate is more than banning gifts--which clearly is long overdue. It is about restoring the faith of the American public in the political process. We need to remember that we are here as representatives of our constituents. That we were elected to work for the interests of our neighbors, not receive gifts from special interests. We must put ourselves in the shoes of our neighbors. Would they be asked out for free lunches? Would they be offered all expense paid trips to speak? When we can look our neighbors in the eye, and know that we do not have special privileges, then we are on the correct path to reform.  The time has come to pass this long overdue measure. We must have real reform to help preserve the integrity of the process. We must have real reform to help restore the faith of the American people.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the gift reform bill.  