 President, I rise today in support of the Glenn amendment to the Workforce Development Act. Although, the Senator from Ohio and I may be at odds this week over baseball's American League Championship, I could not agree more with his amendment that includes displaced homemakers and single parents in workforce education programs.  It is difficult to understand why these individuals, displaced homemakers, and single parents, are not currently included in this act. Congress has long mandated that these women had access to the job training and vocational education services needed to become and remain economically self-sufficient. Without including these single parents, we are severely penalizing women who choose to raise families and are then forced to cope without income due to the loss of their husbands or divorce.  I must emphasize that this amendment is not a set-aside, with no mandated funding and it adds no cost to the bill.  Further, the amendment preserves State flexibility and only clarifies that these services are permissible and not required by the State. The decision about how to serve displaced homemakers and single parents and at what level remains with the State.  The amendment's definition of ``displaced homemaker'' is the same as under Federal legislation under JTPA, Perkins, the Displaced Homemakers Self-Sufficiency Act, and the Higher Education Act. When displaced homemakers are defined as dislocated workers, they are simply not served through workforce training programs.  We cannot ignore this important segment of our population. These single parents are as deserving of career training as any other segment of our dislocated worker population.  Further, this amendment continues the theme of the recently-passed welfare reform legislation that moves citizens from public assistance to payrolls through education.  Let us come together on this amendment that truly supports family values. If we are to prioritize the working family in our society, we cannot forget those parents that have sacrificed economic gain for the growth of their children. When those single parents are left without a monthly paycheck, we must at least be willing to provide educational assistance that puts their family back on the road to self-sufficiency.  