 President, tomorrow I will send an amendment to the desk. My amendment is very straightforward.  It allows the Senate to think twice before we pass reforms to the Medicaid system that would result in more uninsured American children.  This amendment does not call for one dime of new spending. It is, by definition, revenue neutral.  This amendment simply creates a point of order against any legislation which would cause children currently eligible to receive Medicaid to lose their health care benefits.  And, that point of order is easily waived by a simple majority vote.  Mr. President, as you know, this year, the Medicaid program covers health care services for over 36 million low-income Americans.  Close to half of those Americans are children. Children who have no access to health care insurance on their own. Children with complex health care needs. And, children, I will say, Mr. President, who don't have well financed lobbyists up here fighting for their interest.  Most of the children covered by Medicaid live in low-income, working families.  Mr. President, we are talking about families who have to choose between putting food on the table, or getting health care treatment for their child.  I have visited Children's Hospital in Seattle many times.  Mr. President, I have witnessed first-hand the decisions these parents face.  A typical family on Medicaid is a young, happy family, whose life is suddenly disrupted when they find out their child has been diagnosed with cystic fibrosis or leukemia or severe asthma or cancer.  One parent has to quit his or her job to stay home and take care of the child. On just one income, family finances become increasingly difficult.  Soon the health insurance runs out, and the family is forced to spend down to be able to receive Medicaid, just so their child can receive critical medical attention.  The cost of care for the child will be passed along to the American taxpayer. Doctor and hospitals will simply raise their rates. Insurance companies will do the same.  Everyone agrees that there are problems with the Medicaid system that need fixing, and everyone agrees with the need to reduce the Federal deficit.  But, I am concerned that we don't become lulled by the mantra of cut, cut, cut. [[Page S7223]]   As the Congress cuts spending, I just want to make sure we raise a red flag when children's health care is concerned.  Medicaid is every child's health insurance safety net.  My amendment just makes us think twice before we yank that safety net away.  You will hear some arguments against my amendment today, arguments that--frankly--make little sense.  You will hear that this amendment is impeding deficit reduction, and impeding the actions of the Senate.  On the contrary, the point of order in this amendment can be waived by a simple majority vote--just 50 votes.  We have points of order against the mandates of environmental laws--I just want to make sure we have a point of order to protect the most vulnerable of our population--our children.  You will also hear that this amendment says that we do not trust our Governors to protect children when Medicaid is block granted. Trust?  Block grants, by definition, shift all responsibility to the States. If any kind of emergency or disaster happens in a State, such as an earthquake in California or flooding in the Midwest.  I just want to make sure our overburdened Governors do not allow health care for our children to go by the wayside. This amendment simply makes us think twice about children.  This is not a question of trust--it is a question of insurance. That is all.  Finally, Mr. President, you will hear that this issue will be dealt with in the Finance Committee after the budget resolution is passed.  We listened to a prolonged debate this morning on the EITC--which will also be a topic in the Finance Committee's deliberations. If today is a good day to talk about EITC, today is a good time to talk about children's health insurance.  Let me conclude with a few words about priorities.  When I offered this amendment in the Budget Committee, we were immediately subjected to a lengthy diatribe by the other side that sounded more like Presidential campaign speeches than a statement about our children's health insurance.  That happens all too often. As soon as we talk about children, the debate is trivialized. The discussion is kidnapped.  And, so, I stand here again today and ask--what better time is there to talk about the future of our children than during this historic debate?  We need to know if actions we take here today will hurt our children.  My sincere goal with this amendment is to look out for the most vulnerable of our population.  I know they do not vote. I know they do not give money to political campaigns. But they continue to get sick because their parents cannot afford to get them vaccinated.  Congress cannot turn its back on its children.  My amendment simply ensures that before Congress makes any changes to the Medicaid system, we will take a hard, thoughtful look at the possible damage these changes will cause.  Let us put a little bit of conscience back into this budget.  Let us protect our future.  Let us protect our children.  I urge all my colleagues to join Budget Committee members on my side of the aisle and agree to this amendment.  