 I thank my colleague from California for yielding and for bringing this extremely important issue out to the floor of the Senate this morning.  The Senator has been diligent in pursuing this and in asking our colleagues to bring this issue forward so that we can get a vote and move quickly forward to let the people of this Nation know that the highest elected officials in this country do not condone violence. We will do everything we can to protect all of our citizens in this country.  Before us we have the unfunded mandate issue. It is an extremely important and extremely complex issue that we deal with today. However, it does raise a number of questions. It will take Members some time to move through that issue. Certainly we have to ask what is the outcome of this issue and make sure that, as we pass unfunded mandates, we do it in a way that will not bring about consequences that we have not asked for.  The Senator from California is bringing forward an issue that the consequences are clear. The consequences are the safety of individuals in this country, one of the highest priorities that we have. The issue of unfunded mandates is critical. But the issue of violence is just as important, if not more important. The issue of violence is one that every child in this country, unfortunately, understands and talks about. The issue of violence is one that we have to deal with at all levels.  I think it is extremely important that this body go on record in this Nation, now, to say to our kids that we will not condone violence in any way, shape, or form. No matter how we feel about the issue of choice, whether we are pro-choice or pro-life, we have to let people know in this country that we will not accept violence as a means of showing how we feel about an issue. We have to protect our citizens.  I commend the Senator from California for bringing this issue before the Senate. I sincerely ask all of our colleagues to list their objections so that we can move quickly to send a strong message to this country that we will back the rights of every citizen and we will not condone violence in this country.  Mr. President, I thank my colleague from California. I yield back to her at this time.  