 President, I rise in support of retaining the Office of Technology Assessment. I support the agency and hope that my colleagues will consider it favorably.  OTA is a unique and valuable asset of the Congress. For many years it was also unique to the United States; but within the past few years, it has been used as a model by many democratic nations for establishing their own technology assessment organizations.  OTA is a small agency with 143 permanent employees and an annual budget of $22 million. The agency analyzes science and technology issues in depth for the Congress. It provides Congress with objective, nonpartisan reports and offers options for Members in dealing with related public policy issues. Its studies are initiated by full committees of the Senate and/or House and are approved by the Technology Assessment Board, TAB, which oversees the agency. That Board consists of six Senators and six Representatives, equally divided by party.  OTA is a first rate scientific organization. Its retention has been supported by the National Academy of Sciences, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Physical Society, Dr. Sally Ride, and a host of important companies, such as TRW.  OTA is unique on the Hill because of the bipartisan Technology Assessment Board. No other support agency has such a mechanism to ensure balance between the interests of both Houses and of both parties. This structure is instrumental in keeping the work objective and balanced, as well as acting as a priority-setting mechanism for the work that is conducted, ensuring that it has broad interest. It enables Congress to leverage OTA's limited resources to greatest effect.  OTA works almost entirely on a bipartisan basis, doing major projects requested by both chairmen and ranking minority members. Since 1980, 79 percent of OTA reports have been requested on a bipartisan basis.  OTA is unique to the Hill in that no such bipartisan organization could exist in the executive branch. For many years, the party holding the majority in Congress did not control the White House. That is again the case. Many of us find OTA's independent, bipartisan analysis very helpful under these circumstances; we do not have to rely on the information and analysis supplied by the executive agencies. Furthermore, over the years, OTA has developed an excellent working relationship with executive agencies--based in part on their bipartisanship, in part on their impartiality, and in part on their professionalism. No other congressional entity elicits this type of cooperation from Federal agencies.  I want to illustrate this with an anecdote. A few years ago the National Institute of Justice at the Justice Department was at odds with industry over standards and testing for police body armor, known as bullet-proof vests. They consulted with Republican and Democratic staffs of the Senate Judiciary Committee to try to break the impasse, but the committee realized it was dealing with technical issues beyond its depth. Finally, the NIJ suggested--and the committee readily concurred--that the problem should be turned to OTA. OTA's reputation for impartiality would give it the credibility to solve the problem, which it did.  OTA leverages its core staff by making extensive use of outside advisory groups, workshops, contractors, reviewers, drawn from both Government and the private sector, here and abroad. Unlike many other agencies, the OTA process ensures that OTA gets extensive input from outside the beltway. Every year, over 5,000 experts help us better understand the complex issues that we need to understand to legislate effectively. But unlike some executive agencies or institutes like the National Academy of Science, OTA does not impanel groups that get together to deliver wisdom while the staff merely writes what they say.  In OTA assessments, it is the staff that writes the reports. They listen to advice, get outside review, and eventually pass products through the TAB to certify that they are unbiased. Outside experts and stakeholders do not write the reports. They provide guidance and advice and collective expertise often well beyond OTA's. But OTA staff filters and assimilates this, uses it in conducting analyses, and seeks further review.  OTA's work differs from other congressional support agencies because its work is based only in the science and technology area; the information is not readily available for look-up in the immediate scientific literature; it is not an audit of a current issue or a project of costs. The indepth process and review of the issues is unique only to OTA, and the scientific and technological expertise of OTA's staff facilitates this approach. With the budget reductions other congressional support agencies are making, it is unrealistic to assume they could pick up OTA's work.  I come from a region that understands that high technology is the area of the future that will provide us the jobs and information that we need. That is what OTA is all about. It does not get information from here. It goes all the way across the Nation to my State to help establish the policies and procedures we need in this Senate. It has been highly reliable, and I think it would be a grave mistake for this Congress to lose it.  I did hear one of my colleagues say that we need to consolidate. Who would not agree in this time of budget cuts? But I remind my colleagues that in the Hollings amendment he requires the Librarian of Congress to report to Congress within 120 days on how they could consolidate the OTA, GPO, and GAO. I think that amendment looks to their recommendations, which I think is reliable. We need the agencies to tell us how they can be efficient and reach those goals. I remind my colleagues, also, that I have heard some say, ``If we cannot cut here, where can we cut?''  This bill in front of us cuts $200 million. It shows where effectively we can cut. I remind everyone that OTA is cut by 25 percent in this amendment. This is a very important agency to me. I hope we do not lose it this year, because I think we will see what the future brings us, and that technology and science is even more critical in the years to come.  