 President, I will speak on the floor later on the entire regulatory reform bill and its affect on the American public.  I rise today to speak specifically to the Daschle amendment because it affects me personally and I feel very strongly about it. The underlying Daschle amendment on the floor for debate right now takes us a step closer to protecting a particularly vulnerable segment of our population--our children--from the most American of foods, the hamburger.  The Center for Disease Control estimates that thousands of people become ill each year due to E. coli-contaminated meat. In fact, one of the first tough issues I had to deal with upon my election to the U.S. Senate was visiting young children in hospitals in my hometown of Seattle and in Tacoma who had innocently eaten Jack in the Box hamburgers and then found themselves in critical condition after being infected by E. coli. Three of those children died in that outbreak. All I could do was stand there and assure those families that I would try to do all I could to make sure that this would not happen to any other child in our State or in this country.  Since that outbreak in the Pacific Northwest, this country has suffered 50 outbreaks of E. coli in 23 other States. E. coli repeatedly appears in ground beef that has been inspected under current meat inspection methods.  But help is finally on the way. This past January, USDA proposed a new meat inspection system that requires modern food handling techniques, safe storage, and scientific testing at slaughter houses and meatpacking plants. I think we all know that such a revised regulatory system is long overdue. But I am afraid that even with the amendment adopted yesterday by this body, this meat inspection regulation will be delayed because its opponents may--and very likely will--petition and subject this rule to the cumbersome review required by this bill. And any delay in this vital regulation's implementation will allow more children to become ill. Consequently, this Congress could become responsible for the illness and perhaps the death of thousands of children in this country.  I do not pretend to be an expert on the intricacies of this regulatory reform bill. I do know, however, that I have given my word to families who have lost children due to our current regulatory system's failure. I promised them I would work to protect children from lethal food products. So I strongly support the Daschle amendment ensuring the most expeditious implementation possible of E. coli regulations.  Mr. President, I intend to keep my word to the families who lost children in my State, who ate hamburgers that were tainted by E. coli. I intend to do it by voting for other amendments to S. 343 that will ensure that the Government works efficiently and cost effectively and that it will encourage general protection of human health and our environment.  We have to remember that it is our responsibility as the Nation's leaders to have commonsense protections in place and to ensure that those are there for all of our constituents. So I urge all of my colleagues to vote for the Daschle amendment.  I yield the floor.  