 President, as a former State senator, I appreciate how important this bill is. I have been there, and I have had to trudge through, and try to figure out how to pay for Federal programs.  Two years ago, I came to this city as a reformer.  Mr. President I know this legislation speaks to the whole relationship between the Federal Government and the States. It is about our very rights and obligations as Americans. And, for that reason, I am concerned, Mr. President. This bill is very broad. It is a 10-second sound bite with years of implications. In some cases, it might go too far. In some cases, it might not go far enough.  But, I wonder, how many of my friends and neighbors understand it? How many ordinary Americans have even heard of it? How many of us truly understand the long-term implications?  This legislation will affect just about everything we do in the Senate, and it will essentially affect the lives of every American.  So, Mr. President, why are we rushing through this? We need a lengthy discussion of this bill. The American people need to understand the very real implications of this bill. Ordinary Americans should be part of the dialog. In this debate, and in every debate in this Congress, we should be prudent. We need to realize that every action we take here affects millions of Americans' lives and rights. And, I have to say, Mr. President, I am worried about the implications of this bill.  It seems to me that Senators have very different goals. Some want to use this bill to gut environmental protection laws. Some want to gut laws which protect people with disabilities. Some want to eliminate labor laws, like workplace fairness. And, the laws which combat crime, And, laws that go after child abusers.  These laws--which I guess we're just going to call mandates from now on--these laws protect the rights of ordinary Americans.  That is why I think we need to keep some balance here. I want to make sure before I cast my vote that we are not acting rashly, and we are not ignoring people's very rights.  Mr. President, perspective and balance are two important concepts I think we need to keep in mind as we go through this debate.  I commend the work of our colleagues, Senator Glenn and Senator Kempthorne. They have provided real leadership here by educating us on the issue of unfunded mandates. They have certainly put that issue in perspective. And, so has my friend from Michigan, Senator Levin.  I firmly believe Congress has to assume the responsibility of ensuring a quality of life for the people we represent. That is why we are here. And, we also have the responsibility to tell people that this quality of life costs something.  Every American wants to go through the day knowing they are secure, because we live in a country where we have basic protections. I want to be sure when I wake up in the morning and make oatmeal for my kids, the water that comes out of the faucet is safe to drink.  Every parent wants the assurance that the school bus their children are on has been built under tough safety standards, so it will not fall apart on the way to school.  Every American worker wants to be assured they will not get cancer from a video display terminal, that they will be protected by labor laws, and by OSHA laws. All of that can happen in this country because of Federal mandates--the laws we pass--laws that say, ``as an American, you can be sure there are basic protections and assurances you will have.''  Last year, we passed the National Child Protection Act. This bill requires a State to report child abuse crime information to a national criminal background check system. That is a Federal mandate, and it is keeping our children safe from abusers.  Last year, my good friend and colleague--the senior Senator from the State of Washington--worked hard to include in the crime bill a very important provision on sexual predators. States will now register the addresses [[Page S878]] of convicted sexual predators when they are released from prison.  That is a Federal mandate, and it's making our streets safer.  Several years ago, the Congress and President Bush made life better for people living with disabilities. The Americans With Disabilities Act has improved the quality of life for people across the country. And, the ADA directly helps many people important to me--like the women and men who have served our country in uniform, and were injured in war.  The ADA is a Federal mandate. And, it is making life better for our disabled and paralyzed veterans.  And, in my corner of the country, look at all the progress we have made because of the Federal Government's involvement.  Lake Washington has been cleaned up and so will be Puget Sound and Commencement Bay. And, that is because of a Federal mandate.  Mr. President, I am the first one to agree that Congress should not require local jurisdictions to conduct unnecessary and costly studies. And, I strongly believe in streamlining and eliminating the bureaucracy.  But, Mr. President, if we did not require environmental impact studies, could the Government just come in and string a thousand megawatt powerline over your house? Could the Government just bulldoze a superhighway around your neighborhood? Could the Government just place a landfill at the end of your road? What would that do to private property values?  It would devastate them. And, that would be wrong. It is certainly not what the American people want.  These are all examples of why we need to go slowly; why we should take our time and really have a serious discussion of this issue; why we cannot rush through this process.  Mr. President, this bill might be too sweeping. As I said, it might go too far.  And, on other hand, it might not go far enough. For example, the State of Washington is home to Indian reservations and many military installations. And, in Washington, there are more than 60,000 students enrolled in schools on reservations and military bases.  As we have heard here many times, Mr. President, the tax bases of local jurisdictions are seriously affected by all sorts of Federal activity. That is certainly true of educating these children. And, Congress recognized that.  In order to compensate for his influx of the Federal Government into local school districts, we established the Impact Aid Program.  It is a good program. It acknowledges our society's responsibility to educating all American children and the Federal Government's responsibility to local school districts. It is a good program--in theory. But, in reality, it does not work out so well.  Unfortunately, local taxpayers--not the Federal Government--have to pick up about 60 percent of the cost of educating these children. Local jurisdictions cannot tax these Federal facilities. Local jurisdictions are forced to pay for the education of children on Federal lands. The Federal Government has not been picking up the tab.  The Federal Government brings kids to bases all over the country, and then tells local neighborhoods, ``you have to pay.''  My State also contains the Hanford Nuclear Reservation. We have been struggling for years to clean up nuclear waste at this site.  So, Mr. President, you see, I understand the concern of some Senators about inadequate Federal support.  But, if we are discussing the State and Federal relationship, if we are discussing the philosophy of taxation, if we are discussing our rights and obligations, why are we not discussing the Federal obligation to educate American children of military parents and native American children?  Why are we not discussing the education of the children in public housing? And, why are we not discussing the cleanup of Hanford?  Lets' not assume that just because we are reformers--and I assure my newly elected Republican colleagues they are joining many reformers here in the Senate--let us not assume that everything we are doing in the name of reform in flawless; let us keep things in perspective. Let us stop talking about theory, and start talk about reality. Let us talk about how this bill affects ordinary Americans. The people in America's neighborhoods.  Mr. President, I must say, I am very concerned about how this bill will work out in the long-run.  And, so, Mr. President, I will listen carefully to this discussion. I am still undecided on this bill. And, I will want to see a great deal of balance and a great deal of common sense before I cast my vote.  And, I will have to know that the interests of the people in Washington State are protected.  I know we need reform. But, this approach is like a meat cleaver. It is very broad--and it seems to me sometimes clumsy. It hacks at everything, without regard for the substance of the laws it affects.  I know we need reform, But, when I stand in this body, I cannot forget my responsibilities as a mother. And, I am not convinced this type of legislation will protect our families and children.  I know we need reform. But, I will not stand here and allow this bill to create a new bureaucracy of unelected analysts and political appointees at the Congressional Budget Office.  Who will decide which bill to score first? How long will these cost estimates take? And, what about the costs contained in amendments pending on the floor?  The American people do not want to see a new monster bureaucracy in this city.  Mr. President, I know we need reform. So, I would suggest some balance--like returning this to the committees; like holding more public hearings so every American citizen can really understand how this bill might impact their life, their community, their neighborhood; like considering mandates on a case-by-case basis. Last year, for example, the Senate reached consensus on the need to review and changes mandates in the Safe Drinking Water Act. And, we passed a reauthorization bill that had fairly broad support.  That is a more delicate approach. That is a commonsense approach. That is the proper role of legislation. That is good, solid bipartisan work on behalf of all of our constituents.  And I believe that is what the American people want.  I thank you, Mr. President.  I yield the floor  