 President, I voted against House Joint Resolution 1, the so-called balanced budget amendment.  I voted no because this amendment is a 10-second political sound bite with decades of economic implications. It will handcuff future generations to an [[Page S3331]] economic blueprint this Congress dictates in 1995. And, worst of all, it makes a mockery of the most important document this country has ever produced.  I am a member of the Budget Committee. When I came to the Congress 2 years ago, I faced the largest debt ever amassed by any country in the history of civilization. More debt was created during the 12 years of Republican administrations in the 1980's and early 1990's than in the entire 200 years preceding them.  I strongly support putting this country's economic house in order. Mr. President, I support a balanced Federal budget. The people of this Nation deserve nothing less. But this amendment does not get us there. Words on a piece of paper cannot balance the budget, only legislators like you and I can.  We have to make tough choices as we correct the fiscal mismanagement of the 1980's. We have to balance the budget with surgical cuts; with a scalpel, not a meat cleaver.  Mr. President, we have made some very tough decisions. I was one Member of this body who voted for a plan--a plan with specific cuts and common sense--which reduces the deficit by $505 billion over 5 years. Program-by-program, cut-by-cut. Most of the Members of the Senate who voted against the deficit reduction plan now support this constitutional amendment.  Mr. President, where are the specifics? What will they cut? Which taxes will they raise? Who will be hurt? The American people have a right to know. Under this amendment, we have no idea.  For example, will they cut out funding for the Federal Government's obligation to clean-up the Hanford Nuclear Reservation in my home State of Washington? Will they eliminate the home mortgage deduction? Will they cut Head Start, or WIC, or Ryan White? Will they stop guaranteeing student loans? Will they block further assistance to our depressed timber communities, or job training for laid-off aerospace workers?  Mr. President, just this week, we have seen some examples of how careless cuts can be when they are made with a meat cleaver. The rescissions package coming before the Senate soon is a mean-spirited and irrational piece of legislation. As nasty as those cuts are, they still do not get us to a balanced budget. Instead, they damage those we can least afford to harm: our children.  If this body is serious about deficit reduction, we should resume the debate on health care reform. Even cutting every discretionary program will not get us to a balanced budget. We must control the growth of health care costs. I find it ironic that many of the same Senators who opposed the health care reform bill last year now support this constitutional amendment.  This so-called balanced budget amendment is dangerous. It will remove all our flexibility in dealing with emergencies--economic troubles like recessions, or even natural disasters like volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, flooding, hurricanes, and massive fires. My home State has experienced many such disasters recently. If this amendment had been part of the Constitution, how would my friends and neighbors have coped?  Mr. President, I believe many of our colleagues would want to help in these emergency situations. That is why the Congress is the proper venue for deciding these issues--our Founding Fathers thought so, too.  This constitutional amendment throws our responsibility to the courts. The courts will decide if funding is appropriate. Supreme Court justices are not responsible to the people of my home State; they are not elected by anyone. They are not sent to the Nation's capital to tend to the needs of my constituents.  Mr. President, we have amended the Constitution only 17 times since we adopted the Bill of Rights. We have never changed the Constitution lightly. With each previous amendment, the American people voted to expand rights and outline responsibilities--we have never inserted an economic plan into the Constitution. This amendment sets a terrible precedent.  I voted in favor of several amendments to the House Joint Resolution 1. I could see that the resolution had considerable support, and I wanted to make sure that if it did indeed pass, we protected our most vulnerable populations; that we maintained the integrity of the Social Security trust fund; that we continued our fight against violent crime; that we respected our veterans; and that we exempt natural disasters from cuts.  I also believe that we should display common sense and work to reduce the massive deficit before we enacted sweeping, across-the-board tax cuts.  These safeguards all failed--every one of them. All attempts at tempering the resolution, or placing some sensible priorities into the legislation, were killed.  Mr. President, this is bad policy, and I cannot support any measure that will handcuff our country's economic policy. When I stand in this Chamber, I remember that I am not only a U.S. Senator but also a mother.  It might be popular to vote yes, but I won't worry about my own personal popularity until I know my children's economic future is safe. I do not believe we should trivialize our Constitution in order to give politicians a reason to make the kind of choices they should be making anyway.  This resolution will hurt our country and handcuff future generations. Amending the U.S. Constitution is not worth the gamble. For these reasons, Mr. President, I did not support House Joint Resolution 1.  