 President, I rise today to voice my serious concerns about H.R. 1944, the fiscal year 1995 rescissions bill. I'll get right to the point: this is a bad bill. Its relevance to the budget process in Washington, DC, is minimal, and its relevance to the American people is marginal.  This bill cuts $16 billion from the Federal budget. We recently passed a resolution that cut over $1 trillion; what's the logic in even debating this bill? We have only a few days left in the fiscal year, and yet we are proposing to go back and cut already-appropriated funds for virtually no good policy reason. This bill cuts commitments and goes back on promises made by this Senate less than 1 year ago.  This bill has another problem. I believe the language about timber salvage included in the bill by my colleague, the senior Senator from Washington, will backfire. I believe it will hurt--not help--timber communities and workers in the Northwest.  Mr. President, this timber salvage authorizing language is designed to accomplish three things: respond to a timber salvage problem resulting from last year's forest fires and recent insect infestations; speed the rate of timber sales under the President's forest plan, option 9; and release a few timber sales remaining from legislation passed by Congress 4 years ago.  These are goals with which I agree. My problem is with the method. I believe the language contained in this bill will cause a blizzard of lawsuits, cause political turmoil within the Northwest, and take us right back to where we were 4 years ago.  Our region has been at the center of a war over trees fought in the courtrooms and Congress for almost a decade. We have a history of waiving environmental laws to try and solve timber problems; that strategy has not worked.  In fact, that strategy has made the situation worse. Until 1993, the Forest Service was paralyzed by lawsuits, the courts were managing the forests, and public discourse in the region was dominated by acrimony. The language in this bill will reopen those old wounds. Mr. President, I strongly believe that would not be in the best interest of the region.  During floor consideration of this bill last spring, I offered an amendment that would have taken a more moderate approach to salvage operations. My amendment was narrowly defeated 46-48. I respect the will of the Senate in that regard. However, when the rescissions bill reached the President's desk, he vetoed it, citing among other things problems with the timber language.  Mr. President, I learned before the July recess that a deal was being worked out on this issue. Despite my obvious interest in and concern about the salvage issue, I was not involved in the negotiations. I was not consulted during the process. Had I been, I would have been more than willing to work out a compromise in good faith. Unfortunately, that did not happen. I have reviewed the language, and frankly, I still have very serious concerns.  The language in the bill before us is almost exactly the same as was contained in the conference report vetoed by the President, with three minor changes. While these changes may add flexibility, the fundamental problems in the bill remain: it rolls over current laws governing land management, and it cuts the public completely out of the process. Therefore, I cannot support it.  Mr. President, there is a legitimate salvage issue right now throughout the West. Last year's fire season was one of the worst ever. There are hundreds of thousands of acres with burned trees rotting where they burned. I believe that many of these trees can and should be salvaged and put to good public use.  I believe there is a right way and a wrong way to salvage damaged timber on Federal lands. The wrong way is to short-cut environmental checks and balances. The wrong way is to cut people out of the process. The wrong way is to invite a mountain of lawsuits.  The right way is to expedite compliance with the law. The right way is to ensure that agencies work together and make correct decisions quickly. The right way is to let people participate in the process--so they don't clog up the courts later. My amendment, and my approach to the negotiations, would have focused on these points.  Mr. President, there is a reasonable, responsible approach to ensuring salvage operations move forward. Unfortunately, the bill before us doesn't take it. Instead, it recklessly goes too far, too fast.  Attaching a major harvesting amendment to an appropriations bill like this--worked out at the last minute, behind closed doors--is no way to make good public policy. Instead, the timber language should be developed through the normal authorizing process. The Senator from Idaho [Mr. Craig], has a bill pending in his committee that would establish a forest health program. There have been some hearings on that bill, and I have already stated my interest in working with him on his bill.  Mr. President, there have been numerous editorials and articles written about this provision, most of which have urged the President and the Congress to reject these sweeping changes. In addition, recent statistics on employment and growth rates within the timber industry indicate the picture of the industry is not as bleak as some have predicted. I ask unanimous consent to insert some of these materials in the Record at the conclusion of my statement.  