 President, I rise today to make two points regarding the efforts made in the Senate to craft meaningful regulatory reform.  First, let me say I support the efforts we are making in the Senate to reform Government regulations and I look forward to participating in this bipartisan effort to make Government more effective and meaningful. Everyone has examples of Government regulations that have gone too far, become too onerous, or have otherwise disrupted peoples' lives. This is not the goal of the House-passed regulatory moratorium proposal, however, which brings me to my second point.  I have serious objections to any measure that would jeopardize public health and safety by suspending Federal rules on health, safety, or the environment. As a legislative body, our job is not to police the rest of Government; but it is to enable legislation that sets in motion solutions. It would be irresponsible to paralyze the Government process with a regulatory freeze, or by imposing costly, inflexible, and bureaucratic procedures.  In yesterday's debate, my colleagues brought to the floor reams of paper representing regulations recently approved by Federal agencies. I was reminded of the piles of paper that Vice President Gore saved through the streamlining of the National Performance Review. It seems we are all working for the same thing--to make Government work better for people. We need to reduce paperwork, and repetitive, unnecessary regulations are a good place to do it, but only so long as we do not compromise public health or safety.  Some regulations are necessary and beneficial for the public. In my State of Washington, we saw first hand how dangerous ineffective regulations can be during a deadly outbreak of E. coli contamination in 1993. Tragically, four children died and many more children and adults got sick from eating hamburger contaminated with this virulent pathogen. In the absence of a single clear Federal standard ensuring the safety of the food supply, a host of insufficient regulations offered poor protection at best. Subsequent to this epidemic, USDA proposed reforms of its meat and poultry inspection system to bring these inspections into the 21st century. USDA's proposal would require the Nation's 9,000 slaughter and inspection plants to adopt preventative, science-based inspection systems. A regulatory freeze such as that imposed by the House or by S. 219 as passed out of committee would have prevented USDA from responding to this public health emergency.  Moreover, I have concerns that the proposal passed by the House would tie the hands of the fisheries management councils around the country. I commend the amendment approved in committee by my colleague from Alaska, Senator Stevens. Without such a provision, the recently enacted halibut and sablefish ITQ Program would be negated. Furthermore, the National marine Fisheries Service would not be able to manage the opening or closing of fishing seasons, thereby gutting the oversight authority of a very credible agency.  Our deliberation about this moratorium proposal is just the beginning of the broader debate about regulatory reform. In fact, the alternative proposal offered by Senator Reid and Senator Nickles, allowing Congress to veto new regulations, has generated support, having passed the Senate Government Affairs Committee unanimously. I am confident that this body can address the need for regulatory reform without resorting to a heavy-handed moratorium, which could threaten the public good.  I support the Nickles-Reid amendment and hope that we can reach a compromise with the House in conference.  