  Mr. President, I rise in support of the committee position on funding for international family planning programs and against the Helms amendment to cut and restrict family planning aid.  The Helms amendment before us today is a wolf in sheep's clothing. It pretends to be antiabortion but in fact it is antifamily planning and does not effect the question of abortion funding at all.  In addition, the Helms amendment pretends to address the horrendous problem of forced abortions in the People's Republic of China, ostensibly trying to solve that terrible problem by denying United States support for the U.N. Population Fund.  Mr. President, the debate surrounding UNFPA began over a decade ago during the Reagan administration. Foes of UNFPA claimed then, as they do today, that the United States should withdraw support for UNFPA because of the fund's presence in China where there have been persistent reports of government sanctioned forced abortions.  There is no question that the Chinese do many things that I abhor. Forcing women to have abortions or forcing individuals to undergo sterilization is a gross violation of human rights and should be condemned by our Government at the highest levels.  Likewise, the killing of female infants in China is widespread in the country and appears to often go unpunished by Chinese officials. But it would be illogical--and counterproductive--for the United States to pull out of those international agencies that give aid to children in China because of the horrific practice of female infanticide that plagues that nation.  So why should we ask this organization to carry the sins of China on its shoulders when it comes to the question of family planning? The facts have never supported this approach. When the question of UNFPA funding was first debated during the Reagan administration, officials under President Reagan investigated the issue and found, and I quote from an AID document from that time, ``that UNFPA is a benevolent factor in China which works to decrease the incidence of coercive abortion'' in China by providing effective family planning services.  That same Reagan administration investigation found absolutely no evidence that the UNFPA participated in or supported in any way China's coercive family planning practices. Sadly, caught up in the pro-life politics of the time, UNFPA was nonetheless defunded by President Reagan. President Clinton has since resumed U.S. support for this agency and therein lie the roots of today's debate. Through all of this, however, the facts have been clear, that UNFPA has been part of the solution in China by helping to reduce the incidence of abortion in that country and others by providing high-quality voluntary family planning services. UNFPA's goal is to eliminate the need for abortions. They do so by providing maternal and child health care and voluntary family planning services. These are the kinds of programs that are unquestionably the most effective means of preventing abortion. And the majority of UNFPA's assistance goes toward projects in these areas. Ironically, by denying support to this most effective international family planning agency, the Helms amendment might well have the unintended effect of increasing the incidence of abortion in China.  As has been pointed out by others during this debate, the committee bill before us continues the longstanding policy of banning the use of U.S. funds for abortions overseas. That ban, commonly known as the Helms amendment, has been part of the permanent foreign aid statutes since 1973 and remains unchanged in the committee's bill.  In addition, the bill prohibits the use of U.S. funds for abortion lobbying.  So the real question facing the Senate today is this: The committee bill is already stringently antiabortion, but by disqualifying one of the most tried and true family planning organizations from receiving U.S. support, do we really want to make this bill antifamily planning as well?  Let me take a minute to review for my colleagues the important work that is being done by UNFPA and why U.S. support for this agency is so important. The United States played a key role in establishing the UNFPA in the late 1960's, seeking to form an organization where we could work with other nations to address the problem of overpopulation. Since that time, UNFPA has become a respected and trusted source of safe and effective family planning services for women and families in poor and developing nations.  With programs in over 140 countries, UNFPA is the world's largest voluntary family planning program. The guiding philosophy behind UNFPA's work in the developing world is to invest in women. UNFPA recognizes that by investing in women, we strengthen entire communities as well as national economies. In addition to family planning services, UNFPA provides life-saving maternal health care programs.  While childbirth anywhere carries certain risks, in the developing world mothers face grave statistics. In Africa, for example, 1 out of every 21 women will die as a result of pregnancy or childbirth, making the African women 200 times more likely to die as a result of bearing her children than a European woman.  The kinds of programs provided by UNFPA can prevent many of these maternal deaths. So when we support UNFPA, we are supporting those women and families across the developing world who seek the means to space their births and avoid high-risk pregnancies.  Equally important, when we support UNFPA we are increasing the chances that child survival rates will rise across the developing world. We know that babies born in quick succession to a mother whose body is not yet recovered from her previous birth are the least likely to survive.  UNFPA programs seek to support child survival efforts and help women understand the vital link between child survival and family planning.  For the record, let me outline UNFPA's position on abortion. UNFPA does not and never has supported abortions or abortion-related services in any country it operates in. According to the UNFPA's governing council, it is ``the policy of the UNFPA not to provide assistance for abortion, abortion services, or abortion-related equipment and supplies as a method of family planning.''  So, as I noted in my earlier remarks, the Helms amendment will do nothing to prevent abortions in China or elsewhere, but it will prevent vital health services from being delivered to women and children in the world's poorest nations.  I urge my colleagues to remember what is really at stake here. This is a public health issue and an extremely serious one. Family planning saves lives. Experts estimate that the lives of 5.6 million children and 200,000 women could be saved every year if all the women who wanted to limit their families had access to family planning. I ask my colleagues to really think about those statistics; 5.6 million children and 200,000 women every year.  So when we debate this issue of whether to support voluntary family planning programs like UNFPA, let us keep this debate focused squarely where it belongs--on the world's young women who struggle against impossible odds to better their lives and who desperately need reproductive health care services. Let us keep this debate squarely focused on young mothers around the world who have small children or babies and need family planning assistance to ensure that they do not become pregnant again too quickly and endangering their own lives and that of their babies and young children. Let us keep this debate squarely focused on thousands of women in poor nations who, lacking access to reproductive health care, resort to self-induced abortions and too often tragically lose their lives. Experts estimate at least 500,000 women will die from pregnancy-related causes, roughly 200,000 from illegal abortions which are prevented when women have family planning services.  The issue of refunding the UNFPA came before Congress again and again when Presidents Bush and Reagan were in office. Congress repeatedly voted for the United States to resume funding. So let us move on to the task of ensuring that women in the developing world have access to the kinds of reproductive health services they deserve, the kinds of services that will save their lives and the lives of their children.  In closing, Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to remember that this is a public health issue and an extremely serious one. We should reject the Helms amendment and vote in support of women and children across our globe. I thank you and I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Abraham). Who yields time?  