 President, I rise today to address the amendment offered by the Senator from California. First of all, I want to commend my friend, my colleague from California. She has been aggressive, forthright, and true to her principles on the issue currently pending before the Ethics committee. She has raised very difficult, but I believe very important, questions to which all of us must give very serious thought.  This has been a very long and very difficult case for the Ethics Committee. The whole Senate has waited for over 30 months while the committee has pored over the documents, interviewed the witnesses, and attempted to find the right path. In light of this work, I regretfully must express my grave disappointment in the committee's decision not to hold public hearings on this case.  Mr. President, this case is a test of the Senate and the Ethics Committee. The U.S. Constitution gives this body the sole responsibility for policing itself. No other agency of Government--not the executive, not the House, not the judicial branch--has authority to ensure that the Senate adheres to high standards of ethics and conduct. I am sure the senior Senator from West Virginia, or any other constitutional scholar, can give us a detailed explanation of this authority. Therefore, this case, like every other considered by the committee, is a test of whether the Senate can demonstrate to the public that it is capable of policing itself.  All Senators have gone out of their way to not interfere in this case, to give the committee the time it needs to go through the process.  Indeed, we have supported them when they needed the full Senate to support the investigation. We have continued steadfastly to allow the committee to do its job. As individual Senators, this has been our responsibility to the institution and to our constituents.  Now, we have a responsibility to conclude this matter in an equally responsible way. If it cannot be done by the Ethics Committee, it cannot be done at all.  I urge my colleagues to put aside the emotions of this case and focus carefully on the facts. In May, the committee found substantial, credible evidence of Senate rules violations. I am not a lawyer. I have never tried cases. I know that is a very high standard.  In every major case that has come before, public hearings have been held. Why, I ask my colleagues, should this case be any different? That is the key question. Why should this case be any different?  I believe a deviation from precedent on this case will cast a long shadow over the Senate's credibility. Specifically, the lack of hearings will shade any subsequent action by the committee on this issue and any issue that comes before the committee in the future.  I feel very strongly this will create doubt in a general public that is already skeptical of its public officials. They have a right to know their elected officials are held to high standards. Anything less not only damages this institution, but also our individual credibility.  Mr. President, like many Senators, I am already on record in support of public hearings on this issue. I believe this is the only way the committee and the Senate can show the public that it is serious about its responsibilities. I encourage Senators to weigh the facts as we currently know them. I believe we will conclude that the amendment offered by the Senator from California offers the best course of action. I urge its adoption.  I yield back the remaining time to the Senator from California.  