  Madam President, I rise in strong support of the motion offered by my colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, to commit S. 939 to the Judiciary Committee for a public hearing. This legislation deserves full and comprehensive hearings before we vote on it, and I am very concerned about the implications of proceeding without the benefit of a full, open committee process.  I was very disturbed by the debate on this bill in the House of Representatives; the misinformation and factual distortions put forth by the proponents of this legislation were staggering. And, now here in this Chamber, there is an effort to bring the bill before the full Senate without first going through the traditional committee process.  There is no justification for moving ahead without fully examining the consequences of this bill. I appeal to my colleagues to send this bill to committee where we can hear from the public and the experts about its impact and ramifications.  Because, make no mistake, this bill has dangerous, far-reaching, and precedent-setting implications.  Madam President, this is the first time in our Nation's history that Congress is even attempting to get involved in telling physicians what medical procedures are and are not acceptable. And this is the first time in our Nation's history that Congress is considering banning an abortion procedure. This bill directly challenges the Supreme Court ruling, Roe versus Wade. And this bill carries with it severe consequences for the women of this country whose health and lives will be compromised, and possibly even sacrificed, to further the agenda of an extreme few.  I cannot imagine the U.S. Senate would railroad this bill through without a single public hearing. To do so would be an appalling disrespect for the legislative process, and for the lives and health of the women involved.  This legislation sets a dangerous precedent--it criminalizes doctors for performing a legal, rare, and medically necessary procedure. Surely, there is not a Member of this body who could defend the notion that a bill with this intent is not worthy of a committee hearing. Surely, I am not the only Member of this Senate with questions, concerns, and reservations.  I do not want to get into the details of this bill. We have all seen the graphic photographs; we have heard the vivid and disturbing rhetoric. But, what many of us haven't seen or heard are the tragic stories of the women who have lived through the tragedy of a difficult pregnancy, or of a life-threatening complication which required them to have this procedure.  And, many of us have not had the benefit of the facts--as presented by the doctors and health professionals who can set the record straight.  I have spoken with women who had no choice but to give up a baby they desperately wanted to have. I have listened to their tragic stories. And, I have heard from doctors who are angry and offended by the misrepresentation of facts and mischaracterization of a life-saving, emotionally traumatic medical procedure.  That is what is at issue here today; we have the ability to ensure access to accurate and complete information. We need to do the right thing, and let the public and all the Members of this body have a real opportunity to look at this bill, and examine what it will mean for doctors, for women, their lives and their health.  I urge my colleagues to vote for the Specter motion to commit, so that we can have the opportunity to fully understand what this bill means for our Nation. Madam President, it is the right thing to do.  I yield my time back to the Senator from Pennsylvania.  