 President, I am pleased to join with my colleague from Oregon, Senator Hatfield, in reintroducing legislation that will extend indefinitely the restrictions on the export of Alaska North Slope crude oil. Twenty years ago, Congress passed legislation that enabled oil to be produced on the North Slope. That legislation involved a careful balancing of a variety of interests. Foremost was our national energy security. In the face of a heavy reliance on imported oil, Congress determined that any oil produced from the North Slope should be used by American consumers unless the President found and Congress agreed that it was in the national interest to export all or any portion of that oil. Of equal importance, Congress was deeply concerned about the Alaska environmental impacts of North Slope oil production. Knowing that the Alaskan tundra and the wildlife would be endangered by oil pipeline construction and oil production, Congress saw no sense in facing these risks for the sake of supplying oil to foreign nations.  By 1977, ANS crude was flowing through the Trans-Alaska pipeline system to the lower 48 States and Hawaii. From the pipeline's terminus at Valdez, AK, it moved by U.S.-flag Jones Act tankers to ports in the States of Washington and California. In both of these States, refineries were either built or modified to handle the surge of oil, which immediately reduced west coast reliance on imported crude. In Oregon, as well as in California and Washington, shipyards expanded to handle the construction and repair of more than 50 ships that carried ANS crude. A pipeline was built across Panama to provide an efficient means of transporting ANS crude that could not be sold on the west coast to gulf coast ports. Shipyards in the gulf benefitted from new tanker construction and repair business. The U.S. merchant marine was also a beneficiary of ANS crude, with the creation of over 2,000 jobs and the maintenance of a U.S. flag tanker capacity that would not have existed if ANS crude had been exported. This merchant marine capability not only created jobs, it helped to bolster our national defense by providing tankers flying the U.S.-flag that could be--and subsequently were used--in times of national emergency. In the early years of ANS crude production, west coast consumers enjoyed lower prices at the pump because of the abundant supply of Alaska oil. Above all, ANS crude reduced our reliance on imported oil and, together with a national energy conservation effort, helped to prevent our reliance on imported oil from being used against us as a foreign policy weapon.  Mr. President, we in the State of Washington are directly affected by the congressional policy of restricting exports of Alaska oil. With ANS crude exports, we would have an influx of large foreign-flag tankers offloading crude oil to smaller ships along our coast so our refineries could be supplied with the oil we need. This offloading is an environmental hazard that we can ill afford. Thousands of jobs in refineries and related industries have been created in our State, and many Washingtonians perform ANS tanker repair work in the port of Portland.  In this Congress, as they have done many times in the past, my distinguished colleagues from Alaska, Senators Stevens and Murkowski, have proposed legislation that would eliminate the ANS export restrictions. Their goal is understandable. Every barrel of ANS oil that is exported increases that State's severance tax revenues. However, I remind my colleagues that the law says that exports should be permitted only if they are in the national interest, not just the interest of the State of Alaska.  Indeed, that question is an important one for the Senate to keep in mind as it considers this issue. Congress has also passed other laws that place nearly identical national interest restrictions in the export of all oil from any State, as well as from offshore areas and the naval petroleum reserves. My distinguished colleagues from Alaska are asking for an exemption from a policy that applies to every other State where oil if produced.  At a time when our reliance on imported oil has reached a historic high, and when the Commerce Department has found that the level of oil imports poses a national security threat, Congress should not be permitting exports of ANS crude. Our energy security demands that the national interest restrictions on exports remain in place. Equally compelling is our need to protect the environment. Every barrel of Alaska oil that is exported must be replaced by a barrel of foreign oil that will come to the United States on large foreign-flag tankers. That would amount to a reckless endangerment of our coastal environment.  Aside from increasing the tax revenues of the State of Alaska, the primary beneficiary of Alaska oil exports would be British Petroleum, the largest producer of ANS crude. This foreign-owned oil company will be able to reduce its oil transportation costs and, thus, increase its profits. None of us should be lulled into the false belief that British Petroleum's increased profits would mean increased production in Alaska. The North Slope fields are producing at their maximum level today. They are now old fields whose production has inevitably gone into decline, but continue to produce 25 percent of our Nation's oil.  Nor will taking ANS crude from its west coast markets increase California oil production. The refineries that process Alaska oil can't handle the additional volumes of heavy grade of oil produced in California. They will replace any lost Alaska oil with foreign oil. In addition, Alaska oil sells on both the west and gulf coasts at world price levels. The only price impact of exports would be to permit British Petroleum to gain the power to set higher prices for the smaller amounts of ANS crude that would remain available to the west coast. If that price is passed through, it will harm consumers. The integrated oil company refineries--including those who are able to use supplies of oil they produce in Alaska--will be able to absorb any price increase. However, west coast independent refiners are in a poor position to absorb increases in the price of their crude oil stocks because their profit margins will not permit it. In addition, these independents do not have the docking facilities to handle large foreign-flag ships, nor do they have the storage tanks to handle supplies of this  [[Page S2659]] size. Inevitably, ANS exports will endanger the continued existence of independent refineries and the thousands of men and women who depend on these refineries for their livelihood.  Finally, Mr. President, there is the issue of ships. The fleet that carries Alaska oil is aging. Within the past few days, the U.S. Coast Guard has launched an investigation to determine if existing regulation of these tankers is adequate. Their action comes on the heels of the discovery of four structural failures in ships that carry ANS crude to the west coast ports within the past month alone. Congress has already dealt with the issue of tanker safety in the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which requires the gradual phase-in over the next few years of new, double-hulled tankers that will present far less danger to our environment. The proposal to export Alaska oil stipulates the U.S.-flag ships be used. There is a significant difference between a U.S. flag and a Jones Act ship. Jones Act ships must be built and repaired in the United States, while U.S.-flag ships can be foreign vessels that are placed under U.S. registry. To replace its aging fleet on ANS tankers, British Petroleum would under current law be required to enter into long-term charters ranging from 10 to 15 years in order to guarantee the financing and the construction of these ships. However, if it is permitted to use foreign-built vessels, British Petroleum can engage in short-term hires of existing, single-hulled vessels whose age does not require replacement under OPA90 for several years. British Petroleum should be constructing new Jones Act ships now. That would be the responsible and prudent policy to follow. Instead, they are continuing to use aging ships that pose a threat of structural failures. In addition, British Petroleum and its allies in Congress seek to deprive United States shipyards of much-needed new construction work. Jobs that would have been created by this work will be lost at the same time as our environment is endangered.  Mr. President, it is clear that the State of Alaska and British Petroleum will benefit from Alaska oil exports. However, it is equally clear that these are the only beneficiaries of exports. Our national energy security, our environment, and the jobs of U.S. workers will be placed in jeopardy. Maintaining the restrictions on ANS exports is good policy for America. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor the legislation I am proud to introduce today.  