 SMITH. I will not yield. I will be happy to yield when I finish and engage in questions and answers on your time.  In the first illustration, the abortionist, guided by ultrasound, grabs the baby's leg with forceps.  As you see in illustration 2, the baby's leg is then pulled from the birth canal. So you see the forceps now have grabbed the legs, pulling the baby from the birth canal.  In the third picture, in this so-called partial-birth abortion process, the abortionist delivers the entire baby, with the exception of the head--the entire baby. So I ask my colleagues to think about this, as to whether or not this is some impersonal thing or whether this is a child now in the hands of the abortionist. It could be a doctor, Mr. President. If it were a doctor who wanted to save that life, the life would be saved; the baby would be born and the life would be saved. The only difference is it is an abortionist.  In illustration No. 4, the abortionist takes a pair of scissors and inserts the scissors into the back of the skull and then opens the scissors up to make a gap in the back of the skull in order to insert a catheter to literally suck the brains from the back of that child's head.  That is what happens in the so-called partial-birth abortion. Anywhere from the 19th or 20th week up, this can happen. It is unspeakably brutal, and yet some say the child does not feel this. Take a pair of scissors and slowly insert them into the skin in the back of your neck a little way and see how that feels to you.  According to neurologist Paul Renalli, premature babies born at this stage may be more sensitive to painful stimulation than others. I would think my colleagues would be repulsed by this and most Americans would be appalled, sickened, and angered that such a brutal act could be carried out against a defenseless child. This is a child, I say to my colleagues. This is a child; a defenseless child.  I ask you, would you put your dog to sleep by inserting scissors in the back of the neck and using a catheter to suck out its brains? Yet, under the Supreme Court Roe versus Wade decision, the brutal partial-birth abortion procedure that I just described is legal in all 50 States--all 50 States. And, in fact, the National Abortion Federation has written:       Don't apologize, this is a legal abortion procedure.  Exactly my point and exactly the connection with Dr. Foster. And before my colleagues stand up and accuse me of saying it, I am not accusing Dr. Foster of doing this. What I am accusing Dr. Foster of is ignoring the fact that it is taking place and accepting the fact that by any means, any means legal--and this is legal--by any means legal, a life can be taken. So lest my views get misrepresented on the floor of this Senate, I am making it very clear.  So when Dr. Foster says he wants to prevent the erection of barriers to late-abortion access, he is tolerating and condoning this. That is a late abortion, and he is tolerating it and allowing it to happen. Based on Dr. Foster's own statement, one can only conclude that he would oppose, and oppose strongly, the very bill that I have introduced. I have not heard otherwise.  The grotesque and brutal partial-birth abortion procedure that I just described and illustrated on the floor of the Senate today can and should be outlawed. And if the Surgeon General of the United States, whoever he or she may be, spoke out against it, it would [[Page S 8863]] be outlawed, and that is the kind of Surgeon General that I want.  The bill that Senator Gramm and I have introduced would outlaw it, and our bill amends title 18 of the United States Code so that:       Whoever, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce,      knowingly performs a partial-birth abortion and thereby kills      a human fetus should be fined . . .  Not the woman, the doctor--called a doctor--the abortionist.  So, Mr. President, when Dr. Foster speaks of these barriers, he is talking, in effect, about bills like mine, like the bill that would ban partial-birth abortions. He is providing, when he says a woman's right to choose, a woman's right to choose partial-birth abortions. This is what it means. Let us put some meaning to the words, because that is what it means.  Out of all of the controversy surrounding Joycelyn Elders, all of the unbelievable statements and the controversy that we endured during her all-too-long and lengthy tenure, I cannot understand why the President would choose as his successor someone whose past record and policy views on the pressing social questions of our time are so out of tune, so far out of sync, with the rest of the American people.  The Surgeon General should be someone that the American people have confidence in, someone who would put the intense controversy of the Elders years behind us. Yet, President Clinton apparently, without even reviewing carefully Dr. Foster's record, which places him, unfortunately, in this debate, did not do a good job of investigating his past and even recklessly went ahead and made this nomination.  Mr. President, there are over 650,000 physicians in the United States of America--black, white, male, female, Asian, Hispanic, Indian. Surely, surely there is one out of 650,000 that could be brought to the floor of the U.S. Senate that would not have this kind of controversy and this kind of debate following the Elders reign.  My friend and colleague, Senator Mikulski, a few moments ago said on the floor that she could not understand why this whole thing was about abortion, why the debate was so focused on abortion. In the Washington Post this morning--I might answer the Senator from Maryland by saying this--here is what President Clinton said:       Make no mistake about it, this was not a vote about the      right of a President to choose a Surgeon General. This was      really a vote about every American woman's right to choose.  That is why it is about abortion, because the President is making it about abortion, because he wants this kind of thing to occur.  Mr. President, I am confident that when the votes are counted, it is going to be the same result as yesterday, and Dr. Foster will not be the next Surgeon General.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  