 President, I sit here tonight and I think about the words ``affirmative action,'' and I listened to the words on the floor. I wonder sometimes if we have all grown up in the same country because I grew up in a country that said you have equal opportunity, an equal chance and an equal ability in this life to get a good education, to get a good job and make it in this country.  Mr. President, that is what the affirmative action program means to this Senator from the State of Washington who stands here tonight on the floor of the Senate as one of eight women in this body.  Mr. President, when I hear the words ``quotas,'' ``reverse discrimination,'' ``preferences for unqualified individuals,'' I am astounded because that is not what I see in affirmative action today. And I think it is a twisting of the debate to try and make people think this program is about something that it is not about. This program is about giving people an ability to make it in a country where we care about all individuals, no matter who they are or where they come from or what they look like.  And I think that is a particularly important agenda to retain in this country. It certainly is one I want for my children and my grandchildren who will follow me.  The amendment that I have put forward says quite clearly that no Federal funds can go to any affirmative action program that results in quotas, in reverse discrimination, or in the hiring of unqualified persons. The amendment makes it very clear to the agency that its affirmative action programs must be completely consistent with the Supreme Court's recent decision in the Adarand case that affirmative action programs could be justified only if they served a compelling interest and were narrowly tailored.  The amendment recognizes that the battle against discrimination in America has not yet been won. And I invite all of you to go out into our schools, to go out into our institutes of higher education, to go out into the workplace and see that it is not yet won for women and for minorities. And affirmative action programs are very important to winning that battle.  Mr. President, as I listen to the amendment that comes before us--and I heard my colleague from Texas say he was going to offer this amendment on every appropriations bill--I wonder how much money he is talking about and who he is going after. I did not have time, of course, to put this into a chart that all of you could see. Frankly, I thought I would save the Senate money because that is what we are trying to do. So I did not make a chart. But I will share with you what I have on this.  The total awards that are given in Government contracting, prime contracts, is $160 billion. Of that, $1.9 billion--$1.9 billion--out of $160 billion go to women-owned business awards. That is who we are targeting in the underlying amendment. That is who--$1.9 billion out of $160 billion. A very small amount, $6.1 billion to small disadvantaged business awards. A total of about $8 billion out of $160 billion--$160 billion--$8 billion going to small disadvantaged business and women-owned business. That is who we are targeting in the underlying amendment.  It seems very clear to me that it is a good goal in this country to assure that disadvantaged people, that people who do not have the same opportunities, are given the ability to move ahead in the workplace. And I urge my colleagues to defeat the Gramm amendment and to vote for the Murray amendment. That is a positive way to move in affirmative action in this Nation.  Mr. President, I ask the Senator from Maine how much time he would need?  