 President, I rise today in strong support of my colleagues from Maryland's amendment that would restore funding to AmeriCorps.  I stand behind this program not from reading the glossy brochures that highlight its achievements. I believe in the work that AmeriCorps does from seeing young adults in my State coming together for a common goal. I have met these students and witnessed their accomplishments, and must tell you that communities throughout my State are praising their work.  From AmeriCorps members providing gang intervention in Olympia schools to rehabilitating damaged watersheds in Lacey to providing emergency assistance to disabled elderly in Pasco to delivering meals to HIV-positive patients in Tacoma, Americorps is working across my State.  Let's put the partisan politics behind us. This is not anyone's program. It is America's program serving our Nation by making our streets safer, our environment cleaner, our children healthier, and our schools better.  Certainly, cries of deficit reduction have wrapped themselves around this debate. However, the return on America's Federal dollar has been proven to be quite substantial in recent studies. A research report conducted last year by the Northwest Regional Educational Laboratory looked at two Washington State Americorps projects in Hoquiam and Lake Chelan.  For every Federal dollar spent on these two AmeriCorps projects, a $2.40 return can be expected. Even beyond the many direct skills and experiences derived from AmeriCorps participants that cannot be measured in dollars and cents, monetary benefits were still found to substantially exceed costs.  Mr. President, I wonder how my colleagues can look these young people in the eye and tell them that Congress has pulled the plug on an opportunity that shapes their future while improving our communities. I strongly urge my fellow Members to think critically about what we fund that truly makes a difference in the lives of our next generation. Americorps is the answer that provides a cost-effective solution to meeting many of our Nation's concerns.  