 President, I am very proud to join my colleague from Minnesota, Senator Wellstone, in offering this extremely important amendment. And I commend him on his very eloquent statement and appreciate his work on this very difficult and very important issue of battered individuals. He has committed a lot of time and energy to that. I want him to know how much I appreciate that.  We all know that America's poor face many obstacles as they try to get back on their feet and become productive, contributing members of our society. However, the women who have been victims of abuse and the children, frankly, who have witnessed this abuse, or were abused victims themselves, have even more barriers which impede their ability to move on and move up.  I would hope that this Senate steps back from the rhetoric of the past few days and the technical terms that we are using, and think for a few minutes about some of the people that this welfare reform bill is going to very directly affect as we pass it, in particular battered women and children.  These abused women and children have lasting scars that will take many years to heal, and they are often forced to live in fear that their abuser will find them and hurt them once again.  This amendment is important because we must recognize that women on public assistance who were battered confront unique obstacles and circumstances as they make the very difficult move from dependency to self-sufficiency. As we attempt to fix our troubled welfare system and help rebuild America's families, let us not make it harder for these women and their kids to get ahead and put there troubled past behind them.  Domestic violence and the impact that it makes on those who suffer this abuse is a very real and a very serious problem. In my State, a survey of women on public assistance found that over half reported being physically abused by a spouse or a boyfriend.  Throughout this debate on welfare, I have come to the floor several times to talk about June, who is a welfare recipient in my State, and who is my partner in the Walk-a-Mile Program. That is a program that began in the State of Washington. It has gone across the country. That matches a welfare recipient with an elected legislator. We have talked on the phone. We have shared experiences. I shared mine with her. She has shared hers with me. So that we have gotten to know what it is like to live in each other's shoes. And I will tell you that hearing her story has really enabled me to better understand the everyday challenges of a young mother trying to make it on her own and to take care of two young kids. It has been difficult for June to share some of her stories with me because she was in a very abusive relationship. Her children witnessed their mother being beaten and verbally abused. In fact, June told me her most vivid memory of that time was hearing her frightened 3-year old daughter's pleading voice saying, ``Daddy, are you going to kill my mommy? Please do not kill my mommy.''  That is what this woman came from. And I can tell you as a mother, and as a former preschool teacher, memories like that have an everlasting and dramatic effect on the lives of children who experienced such pain and torment in addition to the emotional trauma that confronts both the woman who suffered abuse and the children who are exposed to it. There are many practical problems which prevent these women from succeeding that we have to consider as we look at this welfare debate.  First, these women who are abused survivors often have problems holding a job.  Second, women who have lived with a batterer often lack skills because their abuser did not allow them to go to work or to attend school.  And third, a woman who has left her abuser often faces the extreme danger of being stalked. And she may not be able to leave her house to go to job training classes or to work. And the same woman who has finally decided that enough is enough may live in fear that her abuser will come after her and to get their children and to take them away. Do we think that this woman is going to be a productive worker? Do we think she is going to leave her kids out of her sight? I can tell you the answer is no. These are difficult problems that these women have to overcome.  This amendment takes those factors into account and offers the flexibility States need to help women who have been abused to successfully improve their lives and that of their children.  We cannot ignore these problems that these women will face, and we have to make some exceptions for them. Believe me, and frankly believe June, my Walk-a-Mile partner. It will be hard enough for these families to make it. But let us not make it impossible.  As Senator Wellstone has so eloquently stated, we do not want to force these women back into the home of their abuser because welfare is not available for them.  I urge my colleagues to send the women and children of our Nation the right message: We care about you. We respect you. We want you to succeed.  Please cast your vote in favor of this amendment.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  