  Mr. President, today we should be debating the nomination of Dr. Henry Foster to be U.S. Surgeon General. After all, it has been 6 months since this Nation has had a leading public health spokesperson, and the clock is still ticking.  I will remind my colleagues that every 59 seconds a baby is born to a teen mother. Every 17 minutes in this country AIDS takes another American life. And this year, 46,000 women will die of breast cancer.  We should be debating the nomination of Dr. Henry Foster but we are not. We are debating whether or not to allow a vote on Dr. Foster in this Chamber. This is very unfortunate, particularly in light of the many health care crises in this country.  When I first met Dr. Foster, I was very impressed for one very important reason. He is an ob-gyn. I have fought long and hard, as this body knows, for women's health issues. Every wife, every mother, every sister, every daughter understands that women's health issues have been at the bottom of the barrel for too long in this country. I thought finally with an ob-gyn as Surgeon General, our health concerns would be brought to the top of the Nation's agenda.  Let me make this very clear. I see a no vote today as a vote to deny women, for the first time and probably for a long time, a voice from the top on women's health issues.  I was also impressed by Dr. Henry Foster's devotion to teens in our country. As all of you know, I have two teenagers at home. I listen to them in my living room, and I hear the same message: No one cares about them. Adults go in their houses; they shut the doors; they close the blinds and no one pays attention.  Dr. Foster paid attention. He was willing to dedicate his personal time and his life to give children a message of hope, of opportunity and chance. That is what his point of light program, I Have a Future, is all about. This Senate should not go on record dashing that message of hope for our children today. A no vote on cloture does just that.  Let us not forget the bigger picture and message in today's vote. For 5 months, Dr. Foster has gone through a very intense process: An FBI check, a search of his entire medical records; every word he has uttered has been magnified, expanded, looked at, and questioned, and he went through the entire committee process. He passed with flying colors.  I heard some of my colleagues on the Senate floor say that Dr. Foster was confused, that he was not forthright. Anyone who looks at the record, anyone who watched Dr. Foster before that [[Page S 8737]] committee, feels as I do, that he is a man of dignity, of honor. He is honest and he is forthright.  Are we giving him a vote today on his nomination? No. We are arguing whether or not he gets a vote in this Chamber.  What does that say to Americans in this country who may at some point be asked to serve their country? If you cast a no vote on cloture today, it says loud and clear: Think twice; think about your entire life being scrutinized by this Senate body, think about giving up months of your personal life, your job, and your security only to hit the end of the line and not even get a vote on your nomination. A no vote today on cloture sends a loud, strong message for future votes on Presidential nominations, and I think the Members of the Senate should think long and hard before they cast their votes today.  This vote today will be a vote on fairness. Can this body be fair to a person? And can we be fair to ourselves and the Senate process? I agree with my colleague from Illinois, Senator Simon, that this is not a vote on Dr. Foster; it is a vote on us. And meanwhile, I will remind my colleagues the clock is ticking.  I yield back my time.  