 President, I thank the Senator from Utah. I simply rise today to support the Johnston-Baucus amendment that strips the Superfund provisions from this bill. It touches on one of the most pressing issues facing my home State of Washington: the cleanup of the tons of nuclear waste that is contained at the Hanford Reservation.  The bill before us specifically targets Superfund sites and subjects activities costing more than $10 million to immediate cost-benefit analysis and risk assessment. This assessment will be required even where agreements have been reached and cleanup has already begun. All cleanup would come to a screeching halt so that the Government could analyze the benefits of cleaning up toxic waste.  Hanford cleanup has come under intense and justified scrutiny by this Congress. Its critics have railed that it has cost billions of dollars and has resulted only in reams of documents, not any actual cleanup. This bill would only exacerbate those problems. Cleanup that is finally getting underway would stop while the Department of Energy conducted potentially dozens of more analyses on the benefits of cleaning up the nuclear waste that today is seeping toward the Columbia River.  Mr. President, there is a lot we do not know about the risks of radioactive waste. We do not know how to clean it up, where to store it, or how fast it migrates, or any number of things. Because so much is unknown, a detailed generic cost-benefit analysis and risk-assessment process would be endless and very costly.  Let me add, however, that while I do not support the cumbersome approach taken in the current bill, I do believe the Hanford site and other Superfund sites will benefit from a cost-benefit analysis. In fact, I will encourage us to move toward a bill that incorporates risk assessment and cost-benefit analysis into the decisionmaking structure at Hanford. We should try to develop a bill that requires consideration of costs but does not impose inefficiencies or unnecessary taxpayer-funded analytical costs that result only in reports, but we should not do it on this bill.  Finally, I would like to remind this body that the Department of Energy is facing tremendous budget cuts and possibly elimination. Burdening it with this review process while at the same time demanding that it improve the pace of its cleanup and reduce costs is a recipe for disaster in my home State.  This bill is not the place to make the reforms most of us believe are necessary to improve Superfund. The place to make those changes is in reauthorization of CERCLA before the authorizing committee with its indepth knowledge of this important law.  For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the Johnston-Baucus amendment to strip the Superfund provisions from this bill. Both current and future citizens who live near our Nation's nuclear waste facilities will thank you.  I yield the floor.  