 President, I rise today in opposition to the conference report on the Department of Defense appropriations bill, and I would like to take this opportunity to outline several of my concerns.  In the coming year, American families across this country will begin to feel the very real effects of the budget cuts this Congress has made in most of the fiscal year 1996 appropriations bills. Programs across the spectrum are being deeply cut or eliminated in an attempt to eliminate this country's spiraling national debt.  Unfortunately, while the Republican spending bills make deep cuts in programs for children, the poor, veterans, and the elderly, defense spending has been insulated from cuts and, in fact, increased dramatically. The bill before us increases defense spending by $7 billion above the President's request, at a time when we are cutting $270 billion from Medicare, $170 billion from Medicaid, $114 billion from welfare, $36 billion from nutrition programs, and $5 billion from student loans.  Mr. President, I have a deep and strong respect for our Nation's military, which is second to none in the world. Our Armed Forces deserve the gratitude of this Nation for the protection and security they provide to the American people. Congress has an obligation to ensure that our military personnel are adequately compensated for their work, and that they have the best tools possible to work with as they undertake their many and difficult missions.  But in this era of shared sacrifice where no one is spared the budget ax--not children, seniors, nor veterans--I cannot support a bill that goes so far beyond the Pentagon's request for defense spending and fails to cancel even a single major weapons program. This bill is a bad deal for the taxpayer and a bad deal for our military, who will have to live with unrequested and unneeded weapons systems provided for them from a Congress that refuses to take no for an answer.  During the cold war, Americans made sacrifices here at home so that our national resources could be used to defeat communism around the globe. The Berlin Wall fell in 1989, and with it, the Warsaw Pack. The Soviet Union officially dissolved in 1991. We fought the war, and we won.  In the aftermath of the cold war, I believe American families deserve to live in a safer and more stable world. They deserve to know that more of their tax dollars are going to educate their children and police their streets.  Time and again when this body has debated domestic spending bills my Republican colleagues have urged us to have the courage to cut funding for this program or that program--saying they have outlived their usefulness.  So why, Mr. President, does the bill we are voting on today continue funding for several cold war-era programs that have clearly outlived their usefulness? And where, Mr. President, are the calls for courage to terminate programs we cannot afford?  For example, the conference report provides $700 million as a downpayment on a third Seawolf nuclear-powered attack submarine. Nearly everyone acknowledges that this third Seawolf is not necessary to meet force structure requirements. This program, as my colleagues know, was designed to combat the ``great Soviet Navy''--a Navy that is now in port and in serious need of repair.  Supporters of this program claim that construction of this third Seawolf is needed to preserve the submarine industrial base. But Mr. President, overall the Seawolf program has cost the taxpayers of this Nation $12.9 billion. In this budget climate, it is inexcusable to continue funding the Seawolf, especially given the lack of mission for this submarine.  Likewise, it is simply unforgivable that the bill before us resurrects funding for the B-2 bomber program, providing $493 million to keep that program alive. This, despite the fact that several years ago Congress agreed to terminate this program after 20 planes had been built, because Congress recognized that in the aftermath of the cold war, this aircraft lacks a realistic mission.  Nonetheless, it appears that Congress is on a path to fund yet another 20 planes which, according to the Pentagon, will cost $31.5 billion in the coming years. The Pentagon does not want this program, and clearly cannot afford it.  The Pentagon does not want to take on the immense financial obligations of further B-2 procurement--knowing that this unneeded system will take precious and scarce dollars away from other priorities.  Let's keep these issues in perspective. The unmasked for and unneeded funding this bill provides for the B-2 bomber--the $493 million--is more than enough money to pay the tuition, room and board, and book costs of all the undergraduates at the University of Washington for their entire 4 years. That's 20,500 students.  And as I've noted, the money provided this year is just a downpayment on the $31.5 billion that will ultimately be needed to build 20 more planes. For that amount, 1.3 million Washington State residents could get a 4-year education at the University of Washington.  Ironically, the conference report we are considering today fails to fund one program that I believe is a real cost saver for the Pentagon and the taxpayer, and provides an effective response to our Nation's airlift problems. The Non-Developmental Airlift Aircraft Program [NDAA], designated as a pilot program under the Federal Acquisition and Streamlining Act of 1994, is an ideal model that demonstrates how commercial products can support military missions. I am disappointed that the conference committee failed to provide funding for NDAA, which stands to improve our current airlift shortfall and provide several billion dollars in budgetary cost savings.  So, Mr. President, as we ask teachers and students to accept dramatic cuts in education spending, worker training programs, and student loan programs, so too must we find ways to trim our defense budget.  And as we ask preschoolers and their parents to accept deep cuts in Head Start funding, we must find ways to trim our defense budget.  And as we ask rural Americans to accept cuts in mandatory agriculture spending, we must find ways to trim our defense spending.  And as we ask children and the elderly to shoulder billions in Medicare and Medicaid cuts, we must find ways to trim our defense budget. In America today, one in four children, and one in three infants, are covered by Medicaid.  And as we ask our Nation's scientific community to accept millions in cuts for basic research, we must find ways to cut our defense spending.  In the coming years, the Republican budget blueprint increases the veterans' contribution for GI bill education benefits, and freezes funding for the VA's medical system at the 1995 level for the next 7 years, cutting access to health care for veterans around the Nation. Under the Republican proposal, the VA will be forced to close the equivalent of 35 of its 170 hospitals and deny care to over 1 million of our Nation's vets.  Proponents of this bill point to recent declines in defense spending with alarm. While spending for our military is down from the mid-1980's level, we must keep this trend in perspective. The United States today has the largest military budget and the most powerful military force in the world.  The combined military budgets of Russia, Iraq, China, North Korea,   Libya, Iran, Syria, and Cuba total $95 billion annually. That is one-third the level of U.S. defense spending. Each year, the United States spends more than the next nine of the world's biggest military spenders combined.  In fact, this country spends so much for defense, even the Pentagon can't keep track of it all. According to the GAO and the Pentagon's inspector general, as well as the Pentagon's Controller John Hamre, billions of defense dollars are lost year after year due to poor recordkeeping and lax accounting practices at the Department of Defense.  At the very least, Congress should hold defense spending to the President's level until the Pentagon can fix their payment procedures and bring some accountability to the system. We owe that much to the Nation's taxpayers.  But most of all, in order to project strength abroad, we must gain strength here at home. Our national security, in my view, will not be strengthened by yet more guns and missiles. We need to restore global economic leadership. We must invest in our children and their future--in their education and their health. We must rebuild our cities and our infrastructure, and invest in technology and scientific research.  We must ensure that the economy our children inherit in the next century is sound and growing.  So, in closing, Mr. President, it is with regret and disappointment that I must vote ``no'' on this bill.  