 President, I rise today in strong support of S. 641, the Ryan White CARE Reauthorization Act of 1995. I am proud to join 63 of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in cosponsoring this bill, and I thank our distinguished majority leader, Senator Dole, for bringing the measure to the floor.  The AIDS epidemic is one of the most serious public health crises the world has ever faced. AIDS is now the leading cause of death of Americans between the ages of 25 to 44. Even more startling to me, AIDS is the second highest cause of death among women across our country. In addition, AIDS cases among people of color are on the rise and rural populations are witnessing sharp increases of reported AIDS cases.  We all know that AIDS has devastated the gay and hemophiliac communities. Yet, surveillance data from the Centers for Disease Control show the rates of increases in AIDS cases are highest among women, adolescents, and persons infected through heterosexual contact. In my home State of Washington, 37 of our 39 counties have reported cases of AIDS.  The National Center for Health Statistics projects that deaths due to AIDS will increase 100 percent over the next 5 years. Clearly, the epidemic is not abating.  Mr. President, I believe the Federal Government has an important role to play in combating the AIDS epidemic. But I also believe we--as parents, neighbors, and human beings--have an obligation to care for those living with HIV/AIDS. As more adolescents, our Nation's children, become infected with the AIDS virus, we must ensure they have access to adequate HIV-related treatment and services.  When I see that adolescents are one of the fastest growing populations of people with HIV/AIDS, I get particularly concerned. I am the mother of two teenagers. I know AIDS is an issue they are very worried about. I want to do all I can to assure them that as a nation we are facing up to this crisis, and that perhaps one day they can raise their kids in a world that is no longer threatened by AIDS.  One of the first trips I took as a U.S. Senator was to the pediatric AIDS ward at the National Institutes of Health. I was both heartened by the progress made by the researchers, and heartbroken by the unimaginable loss of life that is inevitable in the coming decade.  I still have vivid memories of that trip to NIH.  I remember the face of a young boy, barely in his teens, although physically he was the size of a 6-year old. His whole young life and that of his family's were consumed with trying to outwit this terrible disease. Tragically, he died a short time later, but I am determined to ensure that we do all we can and not turn our backs on our children. They are our future and they deserve better.  The Ryan White CARE Act is one of the best programs to care for people living with HIV-infection. Our constituents have told us how much they have come to rely on the services funded through the Ryan White CARE Act.  Maybe we need to reflect for a moment on what these services mean to a person living with AIDS. Because of the lifesaving resources the Ryan White Act provides, people living with HIV/AIDS have access to mental health counseling, transportation to medical appointments, companion care, and the delivery of a nutritional meal. In other words, the Ryan White CARE Act gives people with AIDS a most precious gift--a little peace of mind.  I am proud of the people who are fighting on the frontlines of this epidemic in my State. Without Ryan White funding, organizations like the Northwest AIDS Foundation and the Chicken Soup Brigade would not be able to continue their life-sustaining work.  Let me repeat that. Without funding from the Ryan White Act, people who are too sick to leave their homes could not count on a home-delivered meal, nor would they have access to HIV-related counseling and treatment services. It seems to me that ensuring the value of dignity in someone's last days is not too much to ask for in this greatest of countries on Earth.  And, let us not forget, the Ryan White CARE Act saves us money. Ryan White-supported volunteer programs and case management programs are cost-effective alternatives to hospitalization and institutional care. Early intervention care services keep people living with HIV healthy and working far longer. And Ryan White services help prevent the spread of HIV by increasing people's awareness and understanding of the disease.  Sooner or later, every Member of this Chamber will be personally touched by the shadow of AIDS.  I already know what it feels like to have a good friend call and sadly confirm he has been diagnosed with HIV. My very good friend and former colleague in the Washington State Senate, Cal Anderson, has been living with AIDS for several months. I served with Cal before coming to this body, and I feel honored to be able to call him my friend. Cal is one of the most determined, respected, and strongest people I know. He has not let his health get in the way of his drive and commitment to serving the people of our State, and I want to let him know how much I admire his courage and his wisdom.  This is a disease that affects us all, Mr. President. Finger-pointing and moralizing have no place in this debate. The AIDS virus does not choose its victims, and it does not seek to punish them either. None of us shall tolerate the suggestion that people who get AIDS are disgusting and reprehensible. All I know is that people with AIDS are sick--and they need our help and our compassion.  Mr. President, the time to act is now. I urge all of my colleagues to support swift and final passage of the reauthorization of the Ryan White CARE Act.  