 President, this conference report takes a bad budget and makes it worse. No one disputes the fact the deficit must be reduced. For the past 2 years, we worked--with common sense--to slash one-third of the deficit we inherited in 1993. We made tough choices. We eliminated hundreds of programs, and cut hundreds more.  The new majority in this body has built upon our good record of cutting spending. I commend my friends on the other side of the aisle--they have responded to a call for smaller Government, and reduced spending.  But, they have gone too far. They are misunderstanding the needs of average Americans. The revolution has certainly come to Washington, DC, Mr. President, and, let us see who wins and who loses in the battle.  The richest Americans win, Mr. President. This conference report overflows with tax cuts for wealthy Americans. Households who earn $200,000 per year win--they get a nice tax break for their kids. What about families at the lowest end of the income scale? they are not even eligible for this tax break. And, what about the kids of middle-class Americans? They lose in the revolution, Mr. President. Ten billion dollars is slashed from student loans. And, children of low-income families will see their health insurance cut. Despite the fact the Senate voted unanimously for my amendment to protect impact aid from the budget ax, children who rely on this program are put in jeopardy.  And, what happens to the kids of our family farmers? They lose, too. This revolution will drive small family farmers out of business. This budget cuts $13 billion out of commodity programs over the next 7 years. There is no hope for them to inherit their family farms, and rural America will be changed forever by this budget resolution.  And, what happens to my generation--the children of elderly parents? We lose, too. Medicare--the safety net for our Nation's elderly--is pulled away from our parents, by a $270 billion cut. In this revolution, Mr. President, the children of America lose. The elderly lose. Farmers lose. And, veterans lose. Average Americans, trying to raise their kids, go to work, run a business, and care for elderly parents--they all lose.  Our Nation's precious environment is a loser in the revolution. This budget clear-cuts funding for environmental and natural resources initiatives. It proposes the leasing of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. It cuts environmental spending by 30 percent by the year 2000.  My friends and neighbors in Washington State know I will fight to maintain funding to clean up the Hanford Nuclear Reservation. With this budget, funding will be difficult to find. But, I refuse to turn my back on Hanford.  Of course, ultimately, our economy loses. This plan will place our economy at risk. Since the new majority has been in place, consumer confidence has been dropping and the economy has been slowing down. Americans feel embattled. Everyday people feel there is no hope. This budget does nothing to restore hope.  Mr. President, I will do all in my power to give hope to average Americans. To maintain the high standard of life we enjoy in this country. That is why I supported amendments in the Budget Committee and here on the floor last month--amendments that would have restored some Medicare and Medicaid cuts without increasing the deficit; amendments to lower the proposed taxes on America's working families. It is plain and simple--by cutting the earned income tax credit, this budget will raise taxes on 224,000 taxpayers in my home State alone.  Unfortunately, Mr. President, these attempts to restore some fairness and common sense to the budget were rejected.  But, this is just one step in the process. We have 13 appropriations bill, and a reconciliation bill, which must come before us--and go across the President's desk--before these cuts become reality. It is going to be a long, hot summer, Mr. President. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I know the real work is yet to come. And, I will be working to make sure we retain programs that are important to average Americans.  As we see today, the budget that emerged from the House-Senate conference is too radical. It gives Goliath an advantage. I congratulate my friends on the other side of the aisle. This is their day. It is the day for the wealthiest among us to celebrate. But, it is a sorry day for average Americans.  I oppose this conference report, and urge all colleagues to vote against this budget.  