 President, I want to speak today about the children of this Nation, about my hope they will not give up hope, and my wish they will look forward to a brighter future. I want to tell the children of this country and of my state--despite what is going on in this current budget fight--there are adults who care about them.  I do not want to say the adults in the majority party don't care about our children. This budget plan does make me wonder, however, whether some Members of this austere body remember what it is like to raise children:  It makes me wonder whether some Members have ever really had to deal with the modest problems and costs every working family has to deal with: the costs of child care, the costs of medical care, the costs of school lunch. I would simply remind those Members: caring does have a cost, and the cost is in no way reflected in this budget.  Children in this country feel like they have less to look forward to than ever before. Many adults on this floor have decried the state of our children's present and future, and many of us have felt the eyes of these kids upon us as we have cast a vote or made a speech.  So, here is what the majority will do for our kids in this budget: they will take away the health care coverage that allows kids to be healthy and ready to learn and grow. They will take away the child care that allows kids' parents to work. And, they will take away the foster care that helps kids in serious need.  Well, we have an amendment to this budget reconciliation bill to repair the damage: it will restore current Medicaid coverage for pregnant women and their kids, restore child care, and restore foster care funding.  On Medicaid, we need to preserve a basic safety net for children born into families of modest means. Medicaid is not free tummy-tucks for folks who don't need it.  Medicaid provides preventive and emergency care for needy kids, and long-term care for disabled children--who could be the children of any American family. We are restoring Medicaid coverage for these children, on a per-capita basis, instead of a block-grant that would cause them to compete against the elderly or other groups.  On child care, we cannot say to working mothers, struggling to stay off public assistance, ``Oh, by the way, we are cutting money that allows you to work for a living.'' The Republicans have cut $3.3 billion in title XX child care grants to States at the same time they are promising $3 billion under welfare reform. Do not try and trick anyone. They are cutting child care--our amendment restores the cut.  On foster care, the majority is now going after children who do not even have birth-parents to rely upon. This cut is a classic: it tells a child, ``we're really sorry that it's not working out with your folks, and that this is the toughest time in your life, but we cannot afford to pay for your foster care.'' Meanwhile, of course, the Republicans want to give tax breaks to people who can already afford to leave their children in the care of a high paid nanny every day.  Mr. President, our children are more important to us than a number on a balance sheet. I understand and agree we must balance the budget. We must preserve a future for our children, by not handing down our debts. But let us keep families alive, and able to work to support and raise their kids. Otherwise, we will shackle future generations with a much worse kind of debt.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith). Who yields time?  