  One's decision on this amendment can be made very easily. If any of my colleagues can foresee their state's future forever free of disasters and emergencies, then their opposition to this amendment will be understood. Lacking the powers of Nostradamus, though, all of us must realize the unfortunate certainty of natural disasters and unpredictable emergencies.  A balanced budget, we all agree is a goal we must work towards rapidly. I am concerned however, that House Joint Resolution 1 would block the ability of the Federal Government to respond immediately in the event of a national disaster. The current proposal's only exception from the requirement of a three-fifths vote to approve spending above a balanced budget is upon a declaration of war.  This flexibility is needed, however not only to defend our national security, it is just as needed to defend our security against natural disasters and unforeseen emergencies that would require an immediate response by Congress and the President.  I have come to know the tragedy of natural disasters through the heavy and devastating tolls they have placed upon the residents of Washington State. From the unusual volcanic eruption of Mount St. Helens to seasonal fires and floods, Washingtonians have responded to these increasing emergencies through the support of our Federal Government. The Federal Emergency Management Agency is the only body prepared to handle disasters of this magnitude. Their ability to quickly respond is the key to emergency management.  FEMA's mission is to provide national leadership and support to reduce the loss of life and property. This endeavor serves not only those impacted by the disaster but begins the economic steps of rebuilding the community.  I am sure many of my colleagues have toured disaster sites immediately following an emergency. These are the memories we should recall when deciding whether a balanced budget overrides the concerns of our constituents in need. I had the unfortunate opportunity to visit the fire-ravaged lands of my State last summer. Hearing the stories of those left homeless, of firefighters burned while saving others, puts a very real face on the numbers we hear in the news. A few moments ago my colleague from California, Senator Boxer, put up a chart by Air, Risk Engineering, Inc., that predicted that a Seattle earthquake may occur in the very near future of 7.5 magnitude, costing as much as $33-plus billion.  I cannot imagine going back to my State in those times of pain and suffering and explaining to my neighbors that a balanced budget amendment prevents them from receiving assistance. Just as we mandate that hospitals can not turn away those in need of medical attention, the Government of the people cannot turn its back on those ravaged by unforeseen natural disasters.  Sadly, none of us are immune from nature's wrath. Fires in my State are no different from hurricanes on the gulf, flooding in the Midwest, ice storms in the East, or earthquakes in California. In 1994 alone, FEMA responded to 36 major disasters totaling over $3.6 billion. Remember that 90 percent of all disasters are funded through supplemental appropriations. No budget can prepare for the destruction, the death, or the injury caused by these unforgiving tragedies.  All of our hearts are extended to the citizens of Kobe, Japan who have experienced one of the greatest disasters of recent history. If any lesson can be unearthed from that devastation, it is a sign of our feeble attempt to control nature. Technology and preparedness can not combat the unrelenting will of the Earth.  At best, in an emergency we can respond and cope. Our ability to aid disaster victims and rebuild fallen communities must not be held hostage by political amendments. I urge my colleagues to support the Boxer-Leahy amendment and remember their constituents who may well be the victims of their State's next natural disaster.  I thank my colleague from California and I yield her back the time.  