 President, when I first came here, the Federal budget deficit stood at nearly $300 billion, and for 3 years in a row, we worked with common sense and clear purpose to reduce that deficit. I was not here when this deficit was run up, but I was not elected to bring home the bacon, and I know that politics as usual will not sell anymore. We must reduce the deficit. But I say to my friends, there is a right way to cut spending, to streamline Government and to reduce the deficit. I think the correct path was the one we started down in 1993.  On the other hand, there are radical approaches which might be effective at slashing spending and cutting programs, but we have to ask the question, at what cost?  The American people deserve a sound budget. They deserve proposals that meet their urgent needs and reflect their spending priorities. They deserve investments in our future. They deserve security for themselves and for their families, and I firmly believe that taxpayers deserve to get something back from the system that they are paying into.  I look carefully and critically at this Nation's budget to make sure that it adequately deals with investments in our basic American quality of life. Our children must be prepared for tomorrow. The health of our citizens must be secure and our neighborhoods and towns must be safe.  That is how I begin this process every year, Mr. President. I start from the premise that as Americans we have special rights and responsibilities, and this body must acknowledge them both. I believe in personal responsibility. I believe we must take charge of our own lives and live up to the obligations that citizenship in this country brings with it. But some Americans, some members of our society cannot make it on their own. There is a great deal of insecurity and a bitter loss of self-confidence out there. I saw it in the faces of my friends and neighbors when I was home in the State of Washington. I would hear it around my kitchen table every night: The middle class, average Americans feel that they are not in control of their own destiny. Machinists at the Boeing Co. tell me they feel their jobs are not secure in these days of corporate downsizing, and they feel there is nothing they can do about it.  Parents tell me they are worried about their kids' safety and violence in the streets, and they feel powerless. My own two teenagers and their friends, the so-called generation X, our future leaders, talk with me about poor job prospects, about never receiving Social Security, not being able to afford to go to college, and the sad and unyielding spread of AIDS. They feel they cannot make the future brighter.  Today, information flows through our society at such a rapid pace, technological innovations seem to be outpacing daily life. Average Americans feel overtaken by it. Bankers and economists warn me that in our interdependent world the dollar falls to record lows and derivative investments threaten our financial security and soundness. They feel the economic solution is beyond their control. Doctors and nurses and administrators in hospitals and community-based clinics tell me that entitlement programs do need reform. But so does the entire health care system.  If the severe Medicare and Medicaid cuts are kept in this budget, they will not be able to deal with the growing caseload of those who need help and have no means to pay for their own medical care. [[Page S6886]]   Mr. President, imagine the hopelessness of a young family with a newborn baby diagnosed with cystic fibrosis. First, one parent has to quit their job to care for that child and their income drops dramatically; insurance runs out, and the young family is forced to spend down in order to get health care--Medicaid--for their child. That is the family I speak for in this budget process. That is the family I think of when I remember the simple truth our parents taught us: ``There, but for the grace of God, go I.''  That family could easily be mine or yours, Mr. President. I am raising two kids at home. I have elderly parents who are not always in the best of health. Like so many Americans, I am squeezed between my kids and my own parents. That is why I share with many Americans the grave concern about the Medicare cuts. How will the program be reformed? Many people have come to me recently and have told me they are afraid that these cuts will result in higher out-of-pocket payments for seniors who are already struggling. They believe cuts will result in limiting choices for seniors.  My parents have had the same doctor for years in Washington State; they do not want to lose their doctor because of a budget plan imposed on them from Washington, DC. From the rural eastern part of my State, I hear the rumbling of concern. Many Medicare beneficiaries live in these communities which often share a single hospital.  These cuts to the Medicare program have the potential to cause some of the hospitals to close--or to shift--a great amount of their costs to local taxpayers.  Mr. President, this brings me to a major concern. By simply cutting funds to Medicare, we are passing on the cost of care for our seniors--our parents--to the hospitals around the country, and those hospitals will pass on the costs to working families across this Nation.  I refuse to stand here on the floor of the U.S. Senate and talk about the budget as if it is just a bunch of numbers. There is a senior citizen and a child and an American family behind every number in this budget. I am afraid that in this time of great uncertainty, in this time of anxiety, we will be telling average American families, ``You are on your own.''  We in the Senate have a choice. We can build self-confidence, we can inspire hope, and we can restore trust in our Government and its ability to work for average Americans. And we can do this at the same time we reduce the deficit, if we do it with common sense. That is the right way.  (