 President, I thank the Chair.  Mr. President, I must rise today to support a program that some in this body may argue is unnecessary, but that the American people wholeheartedly support.  As we debate the very difficult question of eliminating funds to various agencies, it frustrates me that some of my colleagues blindly lump the Corporation for Public Broadcasting into a general pool of rescissions.  The Corporation for Public Broadcasting is a true public service, owned by the American people. What other Government program can we claim reaches 99 percent of all Americans?  Since 1967, CPB has developed public telecommunications services of the highest quality to serve the American people. All of us on this floor agonize over what serves the taxpayer most.  Certainly, public broadcasting has proven itself as a national asset supporting television and radio stations in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, and the Virgin Islands.  Last year, CPB funded 351 public television stations and 629 public radio stations. Each week NPR touches the lives of 16 million listeners and more than 100 million viewers tune in to PBS weekly.  The numbers show that CPB is a Government program that works, and serves the people of this country. It is one program where the American taxpayer is actually seeing a return on their dollar.  But is CPB a luxury? In these days of deficit reduction, can we afford this service? In thinking about this question, I have reflected back on my role as a mother and teacher.  I am not independently wealthy and have been faced with balancing a checkbook my entire life. When times are tough, everyone suffers, but never have I sacrificed the education of my children.  All parents worry about the uncertain future of their sons or daughters. Frankly, that is why I am so committed to continued funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.  Education is at the heart of what public broadcasting does. CPB reaches almost every home, school, and business in America to make important learning resources available.  CPB is dedicated to helping and inspiring learners of all ages, in schools, at colleges and universities, at work, and at home.  Public broadcasting is not subsidized television but rather accessible education. More than three-quarters of the country's public television stations offer for-credit adult courses at various levels.  Since 1981, 2.8 million people have taken public broadcasting telecourses for college credit. Over 29 million students in over 70,000 schools receive public TV as an educational resource. Of the top 10 television programs used by teachers in the classroom, 6 are from public TV.  Sure, some may classify public broadcasting as entertainment. I even admit that I became absorbed in ``The Civil War'' and rushed home to catch ``Baseball.'' But therein lies the secret of public broadcasting. Its ability to education while holding our attention.  From ``The Electric Company'' to ``MacNeil-Lehrer,'' from ``Carmen Sandiego'' to ``Great Performances,'' CPB has captivated audiences and provided an educational alternative to network television.  Children today need the same educational stimulation my children had access to, if not more so. Changing family structures and working parents mean more and more children are left home alone. These are the children dependent upon ``Sesame Street'' and ``Barney'' for guidance, education and solace. If there is no one at home to pull the kids away from the set, or to choose programming, can't the Government at least provide an accessible alternative which stimulates learning?  The average public television station airs more than 5 hours of quality, noncommercial children's programming every single day and 22.4 million children watch public television each week. The futures of these children can be dramatically shaped by the programs they watch each day.  Remember that 1 year of programming from PBS and NPR, costs each U.S. citizen just $1.09. Less than a penny a day. In fact, CPB's entire annual budget equals what the networks make in just 15 minutes of Super Bowl commercials.  More than 95 percent of CPB funds go back to communities nationwide as support for their broadcast operations. More importantly, for every $1 of Federal funding directed through CPB, stations raise more than $6 from other sources.  I urge my colleagues on their next visit home to tune in a publicly supported station within their State. Radio stations such as KPBX in Spokane and KFAE in Richland and television stations like KCTS in Seattle and KYVE in Yakima will prove to you how far a minimal Federal investment can be stretched.  Mr. President, the question here is should there be public television. My answer is a solid, loud yes.  Just as we have public schools, public libraries, public roads, and public parks, we should have public television.  ``Public'' means we, you, and I, own it. We have a say. We have input. We have access.  To only have private television means that those who can afford to own the airwaves will decide what we watch and who can watch. Someone else, someone with the wealth to afford it, will decide what opinions will be aired and whose words will be heard.  I believe it is imperative that the public have access and input to the airwaves.  Let us not be the Congress that is known as the one who took the public out of television.  Let this Congress be remembered for turning the tide on the deficit, but let us do so without sacrificing our children, their education and their future.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  