 President.  Mr. President, I rise in support of the H.R. 1854, the fiscal year 1996 Legislative branch appropriation bill. I note that this is not the first year in which the committee has made the effort to constrain the spending of the legislative branch. As Senator Mack stated last year in his opening floor remarks on the fiscal year 1995 legislative branch appropriation bill, ``This is the fourth year in a row now that we have held funding at or below the previous year's levels in real dollars.'' Mr. President, that means that this is the fifth year in a row that the Senate Appropriations Committee has reported a bill in which we have held funding at or below the previous year's levels--in fact, this year the committee-reported bill is over $200 million below the level enacted for fiscal year 1995.  The chairman has provided in his remarks a detailed explanation of all of the recommendations contained in the committee-reported bill. Without repeating those details, I would simply direct all members to a summary table on pages 65 and 66 of the committee report for the two titles of the bill. For title I, congressional operations, the committee recommends a total of a little over $1.5 billion. That is a reduction of $126 million below the fiscal year 1995 appropriated level and $275 million below the total budget estimates for fiscal year 1996 for congressional operations. Title II of the bill, as shown on page 66 of the report, provides funding for other agencies for which the committee recommends a total of $686 million. In total, as is depicted in the summary table, the bill as reported by the full committee provides $2.1 billion, a reduction of just over $200 million below the fiscal year 1995 enacted bill and a reduction of $427 million below the budget estimates for fiscal year 1996.  There are a number of differences between the House-passed bill and the committee's recommendations, several of which I would now like to address. First, for the Architect of the Capitol, the House bill did not fund the operations of the Flag Office. The Senate Appropriations Committee chose, instead, to continue that office but with the cost of this operation fully covered by the prices charged to the public for the flags themselves.  For certain security functions of the Architect of the Capitol, the House bill recommended the transfer of staff from the Architect of the Capitol to the Capitol Police. The Senate committee-reported bill disagrees with that recommendation and has left that security function within the Office of the Architect.  The committee-reported bill does not agree with the House recommendation that the Botanic Garden be transferred to the Department of Agriculture. In addition, the House provided $7 million for the renovation of the Conservatory and capped the total project at $21 million. The Senate committee-reported bill has deleted all funding for that purpose.  Finally, Mr. President, for the Office of Technology Assessment (OTA), the House-passed bill included a floor amendment which provided for the continuation of the functions of the OTA within the Congressional Research Service at a level of $15 million. H.R. 1854, as reported by the Senate Appropriations Committee, includes a total of just over $6 million for the OTA. This amount will allow for the orderly completion and distribution of approximately 30 reports which the OTA is currently undertaking and a maximum of 17 employees is provided for closing the Office. In addition, from within the amount appropriated for fiscal year 1996, $150,000 is recommended to remain available until September 30, 1997, to provide for unemployment claims that may arise.  I would note, however, that during the committee markup of the bill, an amendment offered by the distinguished Senator from South Carolina, Senator Hollings, which I supported, would have provided $15 million for the OTA--the cost of which was offset by a 1.08-percent reduction of the salaries and expenses of certain of the congressional support agencies. That amendment was defeated by a rollcall vote of 11-13.  I believe that the OTA provides a valuable service for the Congress on a bipartisan basis and I will have more to say during this debate about the OTA in support of an amendment which I anticipate may be offered to overturn the committee's recommendation.  In conclusion, I again compliment the very able chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Mack. I have learned a lot during my first year as ranking member of this subcommittee, and I am pleased that we have been able to do our share in carefully examining the expenditures of the legislative branch to ensure that they are cost-effective and, where possible, we have recommended reductions in keeping with our overall efforts to reduce Federal spending.  