  Madam President, I am here today to join my colleague from North Dakota and my colleague from California to express my surprise and outrage at the actions of the Budget Committee today. To have citizens of this country come before us to tell us their personal stories about how this budget would impact their lives, their very fragile lives, and not allow them the opportunity to speak for 5 minutes each to me was very un-American and a very sad moment in this Senate's history.  These people represent literally thousands of people across this country who are as concerned as we are about the real life impacts of this budget. We did not hear from the senior citizen. We did not hear from a young man in a wheelchair who uses Medicaid dollars to continue breathing. We did not hear from a young man who is trying to get his education who is fearful that his student loan is going to go away and he will not be given that American dream, that American opportunity to finish his college education. We, in fact, have not heard from that welfare mother, that single mother who is off welfare with two little children in this country. She does not have the time to fly out here. She does not have the ability to pay. We have not heard from them. And this budget is going to impact them throughout America.  Madam President, I ran for the Senate in 1992. I moved from my home State 3,000 miles away and brought my family with me to do this terrifically difficult job because I sat at home one day not that long ago, 3 years ago, and I looked across this country, and I said, ``Is anybody on that floor addressing the real issues that affect people like me?'' I am that sandwich generation. I have two kids at home. I have two parents who are seriously ill who rely on Medicare to continue living. And I know what it is like to worry about whether or not my kids will have the ability to go to college because of money. I know what it is like to get that phone call from a parent who says, ``I do not have enough money to go to the doctor.'' I know what it is like for my husband and I to both work every single day to pay our mortgage, to put food on the table, and who do not have time, like thousands of American citizens, to know what is in this budget.  Yet, we are to know what is in that budget when it came before us before the Budget Committee in a stack this high, and we were told we had to vote on it in that minute. This budget will impact the lives of every single American working family in a dramatic and difficult way. It will mean that our kids will not have preschool education and Head Start. It will mean that there will be kids without immunization. It will mean kids who cannot go to college. It will mean Medicaid recipients--one out of five children in my State--who will not have health care coverage. It means senior citizens who will not have health care in this country anymore. And it means that those of us who will have to make a difficult decision about whether or not our parents need to go into a nursing home will not be able to know what the standard of care is there for them when they need it.  This budget is what I came back here to fight for. As a U.S. Senator, we deserve the time, both as citizens in this country who come here to testify and as citizens on the floor of this Senate and as U.S. Senators, to have the opportunity to tell the American people what is in this budget.  