 President, I began listening to this debate several weeks ago with the hope that some positive changes could be made to the current welfare system. Since then, I have spent weeks in my State talking with friends and parents and members of communities about this issue.  I must admit, as we continue this debate, I have mixed feelings. I still believe the Senate can achieve real welfare reform that works for families. But I have been disheartened by the Senate's rejection of the work-first amendment, because I believe that amendment reflected a workable, nonpartisan, solution-oriented approach to fixing the welfare system.  Now we are considering an amendment that goes to the very heart of the welfare debate: childcare services. Make no mistake about it, Mr. President: childcare is the key to successful welfare reform.  Mr. President, I bring a unique perspective to this debate on the Senate floor. I am a mother with school-age children. I have been a preschool teacher, dealing with kids from all economic classes. I have run parent education classes, counseling young parents to help them develop their skills as mothers and fathers in the modern world.  I can tell you what it's like to take a phone call from a young single mom at the end of her rope. She is burning the candle at both ends, trying to work, worrying all day long about her kids. For this parent, her paramount concern is childcare; she cannot focus on doing a good job without knowing her kids have adequate nourishment, supervision, and care during the day.  Fully 34 percent of current welfare recipients have identified access to childcare as the single barrier between them and reentering the work force.  To succeed in reforming welfare, we have to understand the everyday challenges of everyday parents. We have to speak their language, and know their issues. Only by knowing and understanding these challenges can we design a welfare reform proposal that truly gives struggling families a boost to economic stability. That, Mr. President, means we need to address childcare in this bill.  For the past 5 months I've been participating in a unique program called Walk-a-Mile. Some of my colleagues, including Senator Simon, have also taken part. Walk-a-Mile started in Washington State as a collaborative effort between the University of Washington and the Northwest Resource Center for Children, Youth, and Families.  The program pairs a welfare recipient with an elected official, and the two speak frequently on the telephone about each others' experiences. I was lucky enough to be paired with June, a single mother of two from a Seattle suburb who survived an abusive relationship.  During her time on welfare, June attended school and earned a degree from evergreen State College. Her classroom time was frequently interrupted, however, because her 6-year-old son Jonathan suffers from attention-deficit disorder, a side effect of the abuse suffered in their previous home.  Since earning her degree, June was divided her time between looking for work and looking for childcare. She has been told by six different daycare providers that her son could not be cared for, because of his explosive and erratic behavior.  Her dilemma is a familiar one: in the absence of childcare, she cannot work; yet she is qualified, and eager, to work today.  How does this story related to the Dole bill? the pending legislation glosses over the childcare question, and leaves demand for childcare services unmet.  In 1994, there were 3,000 children on waiting lists for childcare in my State. Nearly 23,000 other kids received childcare services that would be eliminated under the Dole bill. That adds up to 26,000 children for whom childcare is thrown into question under this bill.  The Dole bill would compel my State to spend $88 million in childcare in order to meet its work requirements. At the same time however, we stand to lose over $500 million in Federal funding over the same period.  The bill cuts current services; it severely limits Federal funding; and forces my State to spend more of its own scarce money. Worse, it stands to create an expanded, unaddressed demand for childcare. This is a major unfunded mandate, and a major problem for Washington State.  Mr. President, this is not reform; this is reshuffling the chairs on the Titanic.  If we want to move people into the work force, we should do it. I think this is a very worthy and important goal. But we should be realistic about what that will take.  As a preschool teacher, and parent education counselor, I can tell you--based on firsthand experience--given the choice between work and kids, a parent with limited options will stay on welfare if it's the best childcare option, just for the security of her family.  This is why the Dodd-Kennedy amendment is so important. It addresses the need for childcare services, pure and simple.  It provides resources in a fiscally prudent, credible way through direct grants to States with only one purpose: to fund childcare needs created by new work requirements. Funding levels would be set according to CBO estimates of the childcare demands created by the underlying Dole bill.  What is the purpose of the amendment? It is not to give bureaucrats more money; it is not to place more regulations on States; the sole purpose is to move parents into the work force.  I believe this is not only appropriate, but necessary.  Think back to my Walk-a-Mile partner, June. For people like her, the Dodd-Kennedy amendment gives them peace of mind to invest themselves in education or training programs that will equip them to move into the work force, without worrying about whether their kids will be looked after during the day.  Mr. President, I know what worries parents, and I know what scares the kids. I've seen it firsthand, and I've studied it closely over the past 3 years.  We have a unique opportunity to do something concrete for real people in this bill. We can build a foundation for families. We can provide opportunity for children and their parents.  Mr. President, 78,000 children in my State live in poverty. Their parents struggle every day to make ends meet. How do we know one of those kids will not be the next Einstein, or the next Cal Ripken, or the next Bill Gates?  If we do not do our part to create a foundation to care for children and provide options for parents, our Nation stands to lose in the long run.  These are the fears of moms and their children. This is why moms get trapped in dependency, and why their kids look for their solutions on the streets. And unless we do something to remove these fears, we will not accomplish reform.  The Dodd-Kennedy amendment provides that foundation. The Senate must adopt this language, or something very close to it, if our reform effort is to succeed.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to look carefully at this language. It is fiscally smart, and I believe it will help welfare parents turn the corner.  I urge my colleagues to consult with their States. Do the math. Ask yourselves what happens to children under the Dole bill, in the absence of better childcare provisions.  Ask yourself whether the work requirements are realistic in the absence of strong childcare provisions. If you don't know the answer, talk to someone like June, my Walk-a-Mile partner, someone with real experience who understands life on the lower half of the economic ladder in this country.  If you do this, I believe you will have no choice but to reach the same conclusions I have: Moving welfare recipients into the work force can work, but only if we do it right. We simply must address critical childcare needs in this bill.  I yield the floor.  