 President, I speak today in support of the Simon-Specter amendment to the Workforce Development Act, which seeks to save one of America's most important programs--Job Corps.  For over three decades, the Job Corps has received bipartisan support and has created a tradition of success. In this time, Job Corps has empowered 1.6 million of America's disadvantaged youth to become responsible, tax-paying citizens.  Job Corps has proved its worth as a time-tested national program for at-risk youth. it is the only program offering a unique combination of residential education, support services, job training, and placement services.  This amendment reflects inspector general and Department of Labor testimony and General Accounting Office data that do not suggest or recommend State block granting as a means to improve Job Corps accountability.  The Workforce Development Act, as it currently exists, would close 25 Job Corps centers, one-fourth of the total Job Corps network. This represents an abandonment of $500 million in Federal facilities and the loss of thousands of jobs. The act would also currently end universal access to Job Corps for students and creates State restrictions for Job Corps programs.  The Specter-Simon amendment takes a much more rational approach to Job Corps consolidation. The amendment would simply close 10 Job Corps centers--5 by 1997 and 5 more by the year 2000, providing weaker performing centers time to improve. It would preserve Job Corps as a national program and protects national partnerships that provide essential support, training and job placement services along with universal access to Job Corps for all eligible at-risk youth, regardless where they reside.  Last year, 73 percent of Job Corps students found jobs with an average wage of $5.50 or returned to higher education after leaving the program. These numbers speak volumes about the success of the Job Corps Program.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to seek out Federal programs within each of their States that have proven track records. This is clearly one of those programs that has year-in and year-out provided the necessary direction of millions of disadvantaged young Americans.  I applaud the work of my colleagues--Senators Simon and Specter, for their leadership, which strives to maintain a program so vital in each of our States. I believe this amendment will improve a Job Corps Program already demonstrating continued success.  