 I want to commend the Senator from Nevada for his work on this important issue.  As Senator Reid noted last week, Congress ended the practice of masking our deficit by excluding the Social Security trust fund from the budget in 1990. That was a proper and necessary step then just as this amendment is a proper and necessary step now.  The provision in 1990 was taken to ensure that the beneficiaries of the Social Security trust fund could trust that Congress would stop the practice of using the fund to mask the deficit [[Page S2562]] and to ensure that the money put in the system would be there when people retire.  That means simply that everyone of us has a right to know that when our money is taken out of our check today, it is put into a fund that cannot be raided and will be there for us when we retire.  Today as we have the serious proposal of passing a balanced budget amendment in front of us, Congress is being called on again to ensure some level of security for the beneficiaries of the trust fund. We have a responsibility to every person in this country who pays Social Security taxes to ensure that their Government required investment in their future will be there when it is supposed to be.  I cannot emphasize this enough. We have a real responsibility to our current beneficiaries and to those in the future.  The measures this body took in 1990 and before reaffirmed that responsibility, and with consideration of the balanced budget amendment, we once again are being called on to provide greater assurances to Social Security beneficiaries.  Given that, how can we in good conscience tell the American people that they do not need to worry about their Social Security when we all know that if this bill passes without this amendment, we cannot promise anything. Social Security will be on the chopping block along with all other programs.  I know we have to get our Federal budget in order. I have a commitment to work on that as a member of the Budget Committee. I also know we have to work on Social Security to ensure its long-term solvency. We cannot achieve either of those goals by violating the trust of the American people and going into the Trust Fund to balance the budget.  Let me be clear. I believe we must work to balance our budget. I also believe that a constitutional requirement to do so is not sound policy, but if this body is going to impose the constitutional amendment on us, if we are going to admit we are not strong enough to reduce spending without being forced to, then we have to let the American people know at a minimum that our elderly will not have to bear a disproportionate burden in this process.  We have to let the American people know that the Federal Government will keep its promises and ensure that the money they put in this system now will be there for them when they retire. This amendment ensures just that and I hope that my colleagues will support this amendment.  