 President, I join my colleague, Senator Gorton, in being perplexed at the reasons for not accepting this amendment. I go back to the fact that my colleagues from Connecticut, Florida, Virginia, Delaware, and Vermont have come to the committee with specific concerns from their States that have been worked out to this point in this debate and in this bill. The concerns from Washington State are just as needy.  I was in our State senate back in 1989 when we passed the Waste Not Washington Act. We were ahead of this country in how to deal with our waste management. It is a very effective piece of legislation. We do not want it undermined now by actions on this Senate floor.  We have offered to the committee words that will deal with their concerns about being prospective. We have offered to put in language that makes it Washington State specific by referencing the Waste Not Washington Act. I assure my colleagues there is no intent to open loopholes. The intent is to allow the waste management in our State of Washington to work well, as it is currently doing.  I invite any of my colleagues to my hometown of Seattle and to take a look at the curbside recycling program that exists there. We recycle everything. We put out our pop bottles. We put out our plastic. We put out our newspaper. We separate our paper into different colors. It is done on every street in the city of Seattle. We do not want to see it undermined. People are very proud of that program there.  I think it is absolutely critical that this Senate does not go on record undermining a very progressive recycling program in the State of Washington. I assure you that I did not know the rest of the Nation was so far behind us until I moved here 2\1/2\ years ago, and my children said, ``What is with the garbage cans here that are so full?'' They could not believe what was not recycled here on this coast.  I encourage all of my colleagues to take a look at this legislation, to allow Washington State to continue to be progressive, to be an example for the rest of the Nation, and to not undermine us by exempting us within the legislation that is before us. Our amendment very simply allows the State of Washington to continue doing what it is doing. I ask and encourage all of our colleagues to allow local control to exist on this very serious problem in my home State of Washington.  I thank the Chair.  