 President, as an American, and the daughter of a disabled veteran, I take deep pride in our great Nation. To me, the flag symbolizes our strength, our democracy, and our unprecedented freedoms--freedoms that set us apart from every other country in the world. Our Constitution guarantees all of us this freedom, including the right to free speech. I believe we should be very cautious about altering this document, because to do so alters the fundamental ideals on which our country was built.  I am deeply troubled by the implications of this proposal; namely, that some people believe it is now necessary to force Americans to respect their flag by enacting legislation demanding they do so. That is wrong and unnecessary. I do not believe this constitutional amendment will result in Americans having greater respect for authority, for our Government, or for our flag. Rather, I believe this amendment reinforces the idea that reverence for one's country and the symbols of one's nation must be imposed by law. And, I do not think that is what the American people need, nor do I believe this principle is consistent with our Nation's history of uncoerced respect for our country and flag. Instead, I hope parents will instill in their children, just as I have in mine, a deep respect for the flag. I also pray our Nation will never again be so divided that burning the flag becomes popular or acceptable.  But it is my father who spoke most directly to my heart on this issue. In World War II, my father fought for this Nation in the Pacific theater. He was wounded in battle and some doctors believe that the shrapnel in his leg may even be the cause of the multiple sclerosis from which he has suffered for the last 30 years. When I asked him his feelings about this constitutional amendment, he was saddened and offended. He explained that he had not fought for the U.S. flag; he had fought and suffers still for the freedom that our flag symbolizes. That freedom is what this Congress may vote to limit.  Mr. President, for the ideals embodied in our Constitution, for the respect I have for all our flag represents, and most personally, for my father's sacrifices, I will vote against this amendment.  