 President, I rise to say I am glad this conference report has finally made it to the Senate floor. I know the senior Senator from Washington, Chairman Gorton, has worked very hard to get it to this stage. I also wish to thank Senator Byrd and his staff for their assistance in keeping me informed and helping to move the process forward.  My primary concern with this conference report is its authorizing language regarding the Columbia Basin ecosystem project. This important project was instituted by former Speaker Tom Foley and Chairman Hatfield to provide a scientific foundation to guide us in developing sound resource policies, especially regarding fisheries management. In many areas of the Columbia Basin region, our forests are dying due to past timber harvest practices, fire suppression policies, and insect infestation. Our salmon and other fisheries resources are endangered, due in part to land-based activities that impact watersheds, like cattle grazing, forestry, recreation, and development.  Unfortunately, this conference report intentionally limits science. It demands that the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management study only ``landscape dynamics and conditions for forest and rangeland management, specifically the management of forest and rangeland vegetation structure, composition, density, and related social and economic effects.'' It goes on to say the scientific assessment must not contain any other material than that quoted above.  During the second conference, I was unable to convince my colleagues to add a provision allowing for the study of fisheries and watersheds and deleting the clause limiting study. I truly believed my colleagues would support this moderate attempt to allow scientists to provide us information to help guide us in making scientifically based resource management decisions.  In this latest round of conference negotiations, Chairman Gorton, too, tried to convince the House to open up the scientific assessment for fisheries and watershed studies. I want to thank him for his efforts, which were unfortunately unsuccessful.  Mr. President, the amendment I had offered only addressed one area of concern for me in this bill regarding the Columbia Basin project: that of limiting science. However, I am also very concerned that this report prohibits the agencies from issuing a final environmental impact statement or a record of decision and from selecting a preferred alternative in the draft environmental impact statement.  This bill also limits the ability of the Forest Service and BLM to consult or conference as required under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act. The agencies may modify current policies for fish protection and if they have consulted on these policies in the past, they need not do so again--even if the amendment is a drastic modification of current protections. Similarly, the agencies are prohibited from consultation for any projects, such as timber sales, if sales are based on the forest plan amendment.  The President has indicated that he intends to veto this bill. One of his reasons for doing so is the authorizing language on the Columbia Basin project. I look forward to working with him and Chairman Gorton to make the necessary improvements in this language so that we can practice ecosystem-based stewardship and provide a steady stream of commodities while also protecting our resources for this and future generations.  Let me also add that while I have focused the majority of my remarks on the Columbia Basin project, I am also concerned with several other provisions included in this bill. For example, while an additional $50 million were made available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Indian Health Service during the last conference, the level of funding for these programs is still woefully inadequate.  The cuts to tribal priority allocations are particularly disturbing. Tribal priority allocations represent an important component of Federal Indian policy. In addition to recognizing the reduction in bureaucracy that self-governance allows and the shifting of decisionmaking from the Federal to the local level, TPA funds also represent a fundamental recognition of tribal sovereignty. I think it is important that the Federal Government recognize that Indian nations have the capacity, the responsibility, and the right to govern themselves. The Federal Government must also remember its historic obligations to the Indian nations as set out in the many treaties signed by the United States and the sovereign tribes.  Furthermore, I continue to oppose the language preventing Washington State tribes, specifically the Lummi Nation, from exercising their water rights. While I appreciate the willingness of Chairman Gorton to remove language that would likely have derailed the ongoing negotiations--negotiations, I might add, that include all affected parties including the non-Indian landholders and appear to be going well--the language still represents a threat to tribal sovereignty and sets an extremely poor precedent for government-to-government relations.  Mr. President, to close, I would like to note quickly my concerns about several other provisions contained in this bill, including: First, the severe funding cuts to the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities; second, the attempts by this Congress to thwart scientific protocol regarding the methods used to identify the threatened marbled murrelet's nests; and third, the provisions related to the Tongass National Forest.  Again, I want to thank Chairman Gorton for the many improvements he has made in this report. I encourage him to continue those efforts should the President veto this appropriations bill.  