 President, I rise today in opposition to the Nickles amendment. This amendment discriminates against women in Government by severely limiting their access to abortion services through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program.  The Senate just went on record saying that women who are Federal employees have a right to use their medical services in their own way. We should not change that decision now by going back on our word and saying only in very limited cases. I think it is extremely important that we understand this amendment significantly, and I go back to my friend, who I talked about earlier today, who I knew in college some years ago who was date raped and because abortion was illegal in this country was forced to go to a back-alley abortion and because of that procedure, today cannot have children.  Under the Nickles language, I have to ask, what would happen to my friend? Would she have to prove that she was raped? Would she have to go through a court process? I think we walk a very slippery slope in this determination, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.  I have listened carefully to their arguments today, and I have heard some say that we are using taxpayer dollars, taxpayer dollars which are essentially paid to our Federal employees, and we are saying because it is our money, we are going to tell them how their pay is going to have to be used.  I suggest to my colleagues that is a very slippery slope to go down. If we begin by saying, because it is our taxpayer dollars we pay you with, you cannot have abortion services, can we then use our prerogative here to determine how else they can use their pay, our taxpayer dollars? Can we tell them they cannot use their pay to buy tobacco products or they have to buy American cars?  Are we going to go through our Federal employees' budgets, home budgets line by line to determine how their money is used simply because taxpayers' dollars pay Federal employees?  I say to my colleagues this is a very slippery slope, and I urge us to proceed cautiously. I urge us to vote no on the Nickles amendment and retain the language this Senate very thoughtfully voted on just a few moments ago.  I yield back the time to my colleague from Maryland.  