 President, I am a proud cosponsor of the amendment offered by my colleagues, Senators Lautenberg and Rockefeller, to restore funding to veterans' programs by closing the ex-patriots tax loophole.  This provision, which allows billionaires to renounce their citizenship to avoid paying taxes, has been quite popular this year. On two occasions, the Senate has resoundingly supported changing this tax loophole. Unfortunately, final legislation to close this loophole has not yet passed. Today we have an important opportunity to close this unfair loophole once and for all and to help those individuals who must now face personal battles each and every day because they sacrificed for their country.  The Lautenberg-Rockefeller amendment provides that money saved from repealing this tax loophole will be used to restore funds for critical veterans' programs. These individuals have been unfairly and continually targeted as a means to help balance the budget. During the balanced budget amendment debate earlier this year, I supported an amendment by Senator Rockefeller that exempted current veterans' benefits from cuts. That amendment failed 33 to 62, signaling the intent to further cut the benefits of these individuals.  This budget resolution seeks to cut $15.4 billion in funding for veterans' programs through 2002. This will result in denying care to almost 1 million veterans, and closing the equivalent of 35 of its hospitals. Clearly, this is not an effective or responsible way to care for the needs of our Nation's veterans. We should be working on ways to improve care for veterans, not diminish it.  Mr. President, I understand the need to make difficult choices about which programs to cut in our push to balance the budget, and that certain sacrifices must be made. However, we must not lose sight of the promises made to those men and women who fought to help preserve democracy in our country and around the world. We cannot revoke the very care and benefits that were promised to these individuals when they put their lives on the line and served their country.  As the daughter of a disabled veteran, I understand the toll debilitating diseases take on a family. I understand the value of the VA health system and the critical research being done to help improve patient care. This amendment seeks to right a serious wrong. It will help restore funding for veterans programs that provide medical care and medical research for the true patriots of this country, and stop an egregious abuse of a tax loophole by those individuals who wish to be ex-patriots.  I strongly urge my colleagues to support this amendment and help maintain the promises made to the veterans of this country.  