 President, this morning I was shocked and saddened to hear of the sudden and tragic death of a very good friend and long-time colleague of mine, State Senator Cal Anderson.  Cal passed away last night of a disease that is touching far too many lives. Cal announced that he had been stricken with HIV/AIDS just a short time ago. Cal faced AIDS as he faced every legislative battle we fought together: With courage, with integrity, and with honor. Even though Cal was seriously ill these past months, he continued to do his job for his constituents the best he could, fighting hard for the things he believed in. He worked hard to the end, representing his constituents to the best of his ability.  I worked very closely with Cal during my time in the Washington State Senate. He has been known throughout our State as an outstanding legislator. He worked hard, he stayed true to his beliefs, and he had a unique ability to find solutions. I worked with him on an open government committee on which we took steps to make the legislative process more accessible. Cal made sure our bill was not only workable but a big improvement in peoples' ability to participate in government.  Cal was a Vietnam combat veteran. He won two Bronze Stars and two Army commendations for meritorious service. He was courageous and he was honest. He served his country, as well as his constituents.  Perhaps most importantly, Cal was a passionate advocate for human rights and dignity. Just last month, a home in Seattle was dedicated in his name. The Cal Anderson House is a 24-unit facility that will provide housing, counseling, and other services to low-income families with HIV/AIDS.  A month ago, I visited Cal in his hospital room. As usual, he spoke not about himself but what I needed to do. Cal told me, if nothing else, I needed to do as much as I could as a U.S. Senator to ensure that people with serious diseases did not have to fight with their insurance companies for health care at the same time they had to fight the disease for their lives. Cal said he, himself, had excellent coverage as an elected official, but those around him suffered through insensitive insurance companies. He felt that dignity was and is being taken away from seriously ill Americans, and that did not reflect the America he knew and loved.  So, today, I rise to simply say good-bye to Cal, to thank him for his years of service to his country and his State, and to say: Cal, your battle is over, but our battle continues, to defeat AIDS so that it will stop taking lives from far too many young Americans.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  