 President, the Senate has jumped into the welfare reform debate with both feet. I want to pose a question to the body now, as we enter the process: What is this debate about?  I will make it very simple: it is about families. It think all my colleagues will agree that in this country, there can be no substitute for healthy families; they are the bedrock of our society.  I hear so much from my constituents about their fears for the American family. In the modern world, the family faces more challenges than ever before, from economic opportunity, to education, to child care. We live in a world where more and more both parents must work to make ends meet. We have also seen an increase in single-parent homes where the challenge to balance work and family can be overwhelming. In my own family, my brothers, sisters, and cousins all share these fears.  With this in mind, there is one question I urge my colleagues to keep in mind throughout this debate: what can the Government do--or not do--to build, and rebuild, families in this country?  What can the Government do to ensure economic opportunity? What can the Government do to create a healthy environment for children? What can the Government do to open doors and prevent dependency?  What can the Government do--or not do--to foster a sense of security, hope, and confidence for families?  During this debate, we will hear a lot about failure. In fact, we already have. We have heard about bad actors who abuse the system. We have heard about systemic failure, about substance abuse, crime, spousal abuse, child abuse, and everything that plagues a family stuck in poverty.  We have heard about addicts awaiting the day their checks come in the mail. We have heard about mothers who stay on welfare, rather than accepting work. And we are going to keep hearing these things used to justify radical overhaul of the current welfare system.  We may hear about these failures, and we may all agree the current system needs improvement. But let's not lose sight of what this debate is about: families and children. America's children.  Mr. President, I bring a unique perspective to this debate on the Senate floor. I am a mother with school-age children. I have been a preschool teacher, dealing with kids from all economic classes. I have taught parent education classes, counseling young parents to help them develop their skills as mothers and fathers in the modern world.  I can personally tell you what it is like to take a desperate phone call from a young single mom at the end of her rope. She is burning the candle at both ends, trying to work, worrying all day long about her kids. For school age kids, they face a tough environment at school; for toddlers, access to quality day care is a constant problem.  When this mom gets home, the kids need attention, but she is out of energy. They need love, they need nourishment, and she has to summon everything she has got to meet their needs. Take my word for it: in today's world this is hard for any parent.  To succeed in reforming welfare, we cannot talk in vagaries about accountability and responsibility, though these concepts are important. We have to understand the everyday challenges of everyday parents.  Only by knowing and understanding these challenges can we begin to design a welfare reform proposal that truly gives struggling families a boost to economic stability.  Mr. President, shortly after I was elected to the Senate, I decided I needed a better perspective on the challenges faced by young kids in our cities. I asked friends from Washington State social service agencies, from the juvenile justice system, from the public school system, and kids themselves to come together in a series of forums across my State.  In all three cases, I heard the same message over and over again. Kids today feel like adults do not care about them, or their problems. They come home to an empty house because one parent is absentee, or both parents have to work to cover expenses. Or they have dysfunctional parents.  They wake up each morning scared, and all they can think about is survival. They do not see anything getting better for themselves, and to them, it adds up to a world in which adults just do not care.  More recently, Mr. President, I have tried to learn more about the perspective of typical welfare recipients. I participated in a unique program called Walk-a-Mile which started in Washington State and pairs a welfare recipient with an elected official, and the two speak frequently on the telephone about each others' experiences. I was lucky enough to be paired with June, a single mother of two from a Seattle suburb who survived an abusive relationship.  During her time on welfare, June attended school and earned a degree from Evergreen State College. Her classroom time was frequently interrupted, however, because her 6-year-old son Jonathan suffers from attention deficit order, a side effect of the abuse suffered in their previous home.  June has been told by six different day care providers that her son could not be cared for, because of his explosive and erratic behavior. During this time June has lived in fear she would lose her credits at school, or have to drop out, because Jonathan could not stay in day care, or in school.  Since earning her degree, June has divided her time between looking for work and looking for childcare. Her dilemma is a familiar one: in the absence of child care, she cannot work; yet she is qualified to willing to work today.  Mr. President, I know what scared single parents, and I know what scares the kids. I have seen it firsthand, and I have studied it closely over the past 2 years.  These are the fears of moms and their children. This is why moms get trapped in dependency, and why their kids look for their solutions on the streets. And unless we do something to remove these fears, we will not accomplish reform.  I am concerned about what the Dole plan means for the State of Washington that has quality programs based on current Federal resources. I am concerned about parents and families--like June--who are currently participating in programs that will move them off welfare and into the work force.  The Dole plan limits funding to States, and stipulates 2 years of benefits and then you are cut off. This amounts to nothing more than passing one of our biggest headaches off to the States for them to deal with. As a former state legislator, I can tell you that is something my State does not relish.  The Senate has already passed a budget proposing to cut Medicare and Medicaid over the next 7 years. Under the dole welfare plan, the same working families will lose another $500 million over the next 7 years.  Over 60 percent of my State's budget is public education: There is no way it can maintain any kind of excellence in public education if Congress forces new responsibilities and under-funded block-grants down to the State level.  What does this mean in personal terms for June, my Walk-a-Mile partner? Under the Dole plan, there is no certainty she and her son Jonathan will have access to quality child care. In fact, there is a strong possibility they would not, because overall funding is being reduced.  This plan will not do anything to improve June's situation, and it will certainly add to the message we send to our kids that we do not care about them.  The Daschle bill offers credible reform. It proposes to move welfare recipients into the work force swiftly and decisively. It provides guidance on how to equip recipients to make this move. And, most importantly, it ensures quality childcare will be available during the transition.  For people like June, this means they will have the stability and peace of mind to invest themselves in education or training programs that will equip them to move into the work force, without worrying about whether their kids will be looked after during the day.  Mr. President, as a preschool teacher, and parent education counselor, I can tell you based on firsthand experience, give the choice between work and kids, the parent, with limited options, will stay at home.  I can also tell you that unless we neutralize the fears and challenges of poor families, single parents, and their kids, we will not succeed in reforming welfare. We will simply infuse the underclass with a big new group of have-nots.  I will conclude my statement where I began this statement. Welfare reform should be--must be--about rebuilding families in America. In America, we have always taken care of our own.  We built the farm program to preserve the family farms. We establish Social Security to make sure Americans live well in retirement. We passed a GI bill to give our men and women in uniform ready access to education.  Welfare reform should be no different. The central goal of welfare reform should be to make sure American families at all economic levels have equal access to economic opportunity in the modern world.  We cannot legislate morality. Nor can we legislate family values. But we must promote family values. These are intangibles that are up to every family to address in their own homes. All we can do is provide opportunity and a stable environment to let it happen.  If we can move people into the work force and create self-sufficiency, we will have succeeded. To do this, we must remove parents' fears about access to child care, and we must remove kids' fears about the future, and we must make skills training and education available; and we must be very firm about our end goals. If we do these things, we will create a stable environment in which families can success in their own right, on their own merits.  I thank the Chair, and I yield my time.  