 President, I am in strong support of the Roth amendment.  We cannot sacrifice the incomparable wilderness of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to support our bad spending habits. This refuge is one of the only remaining complete and undisturbed arctic ecosystems in the world. It is home to an abundance of wildlife, including grizzly and polar bears, musk-oxen, wolves, and a host of migratory bird species. It is also home to the magnificent porcupine caribou herd, whose 160,000 members rely on this coastal plain for their calving grounds.  ANWR also provides essential habitat for people. The Gwich'in people have inhabited this arctic ecosystem for more than 20,000 years. They are dependent upon the caribou herd for their food source, clothing supply and culture.  Mr. President, this body could, today, begin a process that will signal the beginning of the end for many of the people and wildlife of ANWR. With this budget resolution, the doors will be opened wide for oil development in the Refuge. Oil development will likely disrupt the porcupine caribou and force them to change their calving grounds and migratory routes. This, in turn, will affect other wildlife and impact the lifestyle and culture of the Gwich'in people.  Proponents of development claim that only 13,000 acres of the Refuge will be impacted. While this may be true, that development will take place in the biological heart of ANWR and have a devastating impact on the wilderness values of the area. In this biological heart, developers will create a major industrial complex. They will build hundreds of miles of roads and pipelines, erect housing for thousands of workers, and construct two sea ports and one airport. These developments will lead to mining of enormous amounts of gravel, will require diversion of streams and will result in pollution of fragile tundra.  In addition to harming this precious piece of our heritage, I am skeptical about the revenue assumptions made in the budget resolution. The resolution assumes an intake of $1.4 billion from ANWR oil leases. This assumption is based on a split between the Federal Government and the State of Alaska of 60/40. While the Federal Government may push for this division, the state of Alaska has historically received 90 percent of the money from Arctic leases. It is likely that Alaska would file lawsuits to ensure that 10/90 split continues.  Leasing ANWR will not result in a balanced budget. Leasing ANWR will result in an imbalanced ecosystem in one of our greatest wilderness areas. I urge this body to protect the Refuge for future generations of Americans. Support the Roth amendment.  