 President.  Mr. President, the events in the past few days are disheartening. Congress passed two bills that should provide stopgap measures for the Government to operate, both the debt extension and the continuing resolution. These bills are necessary to buy time to work out differences that we have on the budget. But both were loaded down with political baggage, and the President has been forced to veto both.  Now here, amazingly, today we are talking about exporting Alaskan oil. The Government is shut down, the budget is in crisis, and we are debating a major giveaway to foreign oil companies at the expense of Washington State refinery workers.  Mr. President, it does not have to be this way. We have a job to do. We passed a budget resolution months ago. We passed a budget reconciliation 3 weeks ago. And we literally have been sitting here since then. We have a responsibility to problem solve, to work out our differences and send a package to the President. Yet here we are drawing lines in the sand and wasting time. I think everyone looks bad if we do not keep the budget process moving.  Mr. President, when I came to Washington in 1993, I was excited, motivated, and ready to make a change. I was ready to make Congress work for average people. I was driven to restore common sense to this institution. And in large part I acted on that impulse by becoming a member of the Budget Committee, which put together the Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993. We all remember the 1993 budget debate. It was intense, but yet it was productive. Not everyone liked it, but we got the job done. We had no debates about continuing resolutions or debt limits. There were no discussions of Government shutdowns and work furloughs. Instead, we simply worked hard and we beat every deadline with room to spare.  I understand the new majority's enthusiasm and in many ways I share their interest in changing the way this place works. And, believe me, I understand how difficult it is to put together a comprehensive budget package.  But, Mr. President, what I do not understand is the new majority's inability to do so. Here we are, November 14, and there is no light at the end of the tunnel. This body passed a budget way back on October 27, but we still have not seen a House-Senate compromise package. More importantly, this Congress still has not passed 8 of its 13 appropriations bills. That astounds me.  Our constituents expect us to pass appropriations by September 30. In fact, we passed the Senate budget plan 3 weeks ago and literally have done nothing since. People do not want to hear about Government shutdowns. And they certainly do not like it when Congress plays political games with their lives. How do we explain the pending Government shutdown without admitting our inability to do what is asked of us? We cannot; it is impossible. We cannot explain this stalemate without telling the public that the last 2 weeks have seen nothing but arguing, posturing, and finger pointing from one end of Pennsylvania Avenue to the other. I do not like to say it, but this behavior reminds me of the preschool classes I used to teach.  Mr. President, we have to be responsible. We should not risk our Nation's creditworthiness and its ability to borrow. We should not shock the bond market, raise long-term interest rates and hurt American investors and consumers. We must understand the ramifications of our actions and our inactions. I urge my colleagues to consider my words. The American people do not care about who wins and who loses in this budget battle, let alone the continuing resolution battle. They simply care about results. They want to feel secure, and they want to know this Congress is up to its job.  Mr. President, our goal should be to restore faith in Government, to demonstrate progress, action, and change. People want to see us working and working hard just like they do. But if the Government shuts down, all they are going to know is the politicians in Washington, DC, dropped the ball again. It is time to put aside the brinkmanship and give people what they want. I hope we can move quickly to enact a reasonable continuing resolution that has no strings attached.  Budget negotiations will come soon enough once we resume work on the budget bill. In the meantime, let us be responsible legislators. Let us live up to our responsibilities and the expectations of our constituents.  As far as the pending legislation is concerned, again I am amazed that we are debating this bill when this Government has come to a standstill. But I want my colleagues to know, I think that this bill is not a good one. It does not favor my constituents or the Nation. It gives away precious oil resources when our own country is 50 percent dependent on foreign oil. It threatens the healthy water of Puget Sound with unsafe, single-hull oil tankers. And most importantly, if this body actually takes a step to opening ANWR to drilling, it is possible that that oil also will be exported. This makes no sense at all to me, Mr. President, and I urge my colleagues to vote no on the conference report.  