  Madam President, I serve as a member of the Senate Budget Committee, and I take that assignment seriously. The budget process starts in that committee. The deficit reduction starts there.  And, Madam President, the tough choices are made there.  [[Page S2626]] And, because in the last 2 years, we made tough choices, the deficit is finally going down.  This country racked up more debt during the 1980's than we had during the previous two centuries. We can never allow this type of explosive debt to creep into the budget process again.  When I was sworn in 2 years ago, I wanted to offer a change in thinking, and help to solve the problem of poor fiscal management.  And, we are solving this problem. We are cutting unnecessary and wasteful programs. We are streamlining other projects.  This year alone, the President has sent us a budget for fiscal year 1996 that eliminates 130 programs and significantly 270 more.  And, because our fiscal house is finally being put in order, the budget deficit has been reduced for 3 years in a row--that is the first time that has happened since Harry Truman was in the White House.  Madam President, we finally have seen some commonsense, rational solutions in budgeting. And, we must continue providing leadership with level-headed moderate decisions, even if they are based on tough choices.  That is why I support the Feingold amendment. It is common sense. It recognizes that we do not have a lot of money to go around. And, the last thing we should be doing when the deficit is finally being reduced is to engage in a political bidding war to enact broad-based, across-the-board tax breaks.  This would only send our deficit soaring again, just like the 1980's. Just like the days when we were told ``you can have it all, and not pay for it.'' Just like the time when we racked up the highest amount of debt in the history of the world.  Madam President, let me be clear. Our colleagues should understand that a vote for the Feingold amendment is not a vote against tax relief. Certain Americans need tax relief. Certain tax laws are antiquated and need to be changed. I believe, for example, we need to revise our estate and gift tax laws.  But, we need to go through this with common sense. I have seen many of the proposals for tax breaks before us. Who do they really help?  My friends and neighbors discuss the Federal budget with me all the time. And Madam President, they tell me time and again that we should reduce the deficit before we discuss broad-based tax breaks.  Fighting this deficit is too serious for political game-playing. We clearly cannot push off on our kids an exploding deficit. Sometimes, spending programs are urgent, and, sometimes, tax relief is necessary.  But, bidding wars to cut taxes for political popularity are not urgent and not necessary. As I said, Madam President, these proposals might be popular, but they are dangerous.  And, Madam President, I will start worrying about my own personal popularity when I know my kids have a secure economic future.  This amendment is good common sense. I thank my friend, Senator Feingold, for having the courage to bring it before the Senate. And, I urge its swift adoption.  