 President, as an American and a Member of the Senate of the United States of America, I have certain responsibilities regarding what I say here on the floor.  But unlike thinking individuals in most other societies throughout human history, I--uniquely in my role as a U.S. Senator--can come to the Senate floor and speak my mind freely, and no one can stop me, or retaliate against me, so long as I follow the few rules of common courtesy.  If we adopt the Istook language, other American citizens, not lucky enough to be Members of this august body, are going to be told they can no longer speak freely before their Government. The Istook amendment to restrict advocacy, under consideration by the Senate will send this message loud and clear to every American citizen.  Well, almost every American citizen.  What the Istook amendment says is this: If you belong to a nonprofit group you will be restricted from lobbying Congress. If, however, you are a member of a Fortune 500 company or any other special interest constituency with money, you will have no restrictions.  If you as a senior citizen join a group to receive services designed for seniors like you, your Government has no problem with that, and might even give your group a grant to do their important work.  But if part of what your group does is relay to your Senator your wish to keep pharmaceutical prices down, your Government is no longer going to allow that to happen.  If, however, you work for a large pharmaceutical company, you can lobby Congress like there's no tomorrow for your company's needs.  I believe most Americans have a problem with this. Over half of the Members would argue with me, but I believe this Tuesday we heard at least the first rumblings among Americans about what their Government is about to do to them. I believe when America wakes up, Members of this Congress won't be able to shut out the free speech. We will hear from all of America loud and clear if this language becomes law.  Not since the days of McCarthyism has such an assault on the rights of free speech been considered. There are already protections in Federal law that restrict the use of Federal funds for lobbying activities. There are already stiff penalties for breaking the rules. There is no evidence that ladies from trailer parks in Middle America have been misusing Federal funds to buy Congress.  And if there was evidence of such a crime, then the knitting circle would be going up against the Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America. That's under current law. Surely, there are few deterrents stronger than the first-strike capabilities of our tax watchdogs.  I would like us all to remember: People mostly join nonprofits to help other people. I would like us all to remember: If the current budget cuts go through, people in this country are going to need a lot of help. And, I would like people to remember: If we do get information from a nonprofit group helping Americans at the grassroots, the information is coming from a place far closer to the needs of real people than the halls of Washington, DC.  Most of the nonprofits I hear from give me good information from people who cannot speak for themselves, and be heard 3,000 miles away. Yes, I get calls and visits from citizens in my State, but I also represent people without plane fare, telephones, and some who don't even have a roof over their head. And now we're going to tell them they can't even lobby Congress. That is not reform Mr. President, that is muzzling the citizens I represent, and I urge my colleagues to vote yes for the Campbell amendment.  