 Laura Tyson, and those of the Director of the OMB, Dr. Alice Rivlin, who tells us that with this amendment: ``Fiscal policy would exaggerate * * * swings in the economy. Recessions would tend to be deeper and longer.''  ``Recessions would be deeper and longer.''  Mr. President, everyone I speak to these days--whether it is grocery store clerks or attorneys, farmers or Boeing machinists--everyone tells me their biggest fear is losing their job. Everyone fears the return of the dark days of recession. So why are we adding to the anxiety that is already out there?  Budget cuts mean job cuts. If we handle our fiscal policy with common sense, I believe we can reduce our deficit in a sensible way that minimizes job loss. But if Dr. Tyson and Dr. Rivlin are correct--and I believe they are--this radical approach will throw millions of Americans out of work and at the same time cut job training programs.  Mr. President, we do indeed face some tough challenges today, and one is to ease the feeling of insecurity among our Nation's work force. It seems pretty clear to me that this resolution will only make those fears a reality.  Another challenge we face is to return hope to America's youth. When I talk with kids who belong to gangs, they tell me they join these groups because at least there someone cares about them. They believe they will have no opportunity in this country.  Mr. President, I hear the same pessimism from teenagers around my own kitchen table.  So how will a wildly fluctuating, uncontrollable economy be in the interest of our youth?  And yet, Mr. President, I have sat here and listened to the proponents of this resolution talk about how amending our Constitution in this way will help our children. What will help our children is reducing our deficit, and everyone agrees with that.  But, again, this resolution alone does not get us there. It will not help our children. It will not tell them that they will have a job. It will not tell them they will have food on their table. And it will not tell them that they have parents who care. It will provide no sense of security. And, in fact, I believe it will teach our children a dangerous lesson.  There is nothing wrong with responsible borrowing. That is the backbone of our financial service industry--savings and investing. After all, how many American families could afford to buy their homes without a mortgage or send their kids to college without a student loan?  This resolution destroys the American dream. It tells our kids, if they come from a family that cannot afford to pay cash for a home, they should not try. It teaches them that investment--even if it means borrowing for education--is not an option.  Mr. President, let us think about the effect of this resolution on the little guy. Let us talk a little bit about how this resolution will affect the average Americans in neighborhoods across their country.  I heard the ranking member of the Budget Committee, my good friend, Senator Exon, on the floor a few days ago. The Senator from Nebraska supports this resolution and that is why I really appreciated his speech earlier this week.  My friend from Nebraska outlined some important points for all of us to consider. He went through an economic analysis the staff of the Budget Committee prepared, and this analysis puts the abstract words of this resolution into perspective.  Now, as you know, Mr. President, the proponents of this resolution tell us we must have a balanced budget in the year 2002, but they refuse to tell us how we will achieve that balance. They will not level with the American people about what they are going to cut and what they will eliminate. And, Mr. President, the American people do have a right to know.  Two days ago Senator Exon explained how the politics and the economics of this issue join to make a very scary situation possible. If we pass this resolution with an exemption for Social Security, defense, and some other sensitive programs, and if we still enact all the tax cuts in the Contract With America--and all of that is possible--we will see a 50 percent across-the-board cut in all other programs.  Is this responsible budgeting? Is this rational? Is this common sense?  If we put this resolution into action, Mr. President, agricultural programs could take a 50-percent cut. So would highway funds. We would lose half of our education and job training money and we would lose half of our student loans.  If the Constitution is amended in this way and Congress actually acts on it, the cleanup of Hanford nuclear reservation in my home State is in jeopardy. That is not the way we return security to this Nation, Mr. President. And it is not how we restore hope to our children.  Mr. President, I read yesterday morning's paper about the Washington, DC, budget crisis. Clearly the leaders in the District must work to balance their budget. But look where the first cuts were made: On programs affecting our children and their access to valuable educational resources.  We will see the same thing here. The radical cuts this amendment will demand will fall squarely on the backs of the most vulnerable in our society--our children, our elderly, our disabled, and those in most need of our help.  Just in my corner of the country alone, this amendment and the other provisions of the Contract With America will mean that by the year 2002, education programs will be cut by $474 million each year. Transportation will be shortchanged by $161 million. Federal Medicaid reimbursements in the State of Washington will be reduced by $1 billion. Federal economic development assistance will be reduced by $27 million.  These are not just numbers. Behind the statistics are millions of dollars, are the faces of millions of Americans: My elderly next-door neighbor with a heart problem who depends on Medicaid; my friends who sit in traffic jams daily on I-95 in Washington, commuting to their jobs; the kids in my sister's sixth grade classroom in Bellingham, WA; the people who are just getting back on their feet in our hard-hit timber communities. Taken as a whole, the plans before us will total a reduction to my home State of $6.7 billion. That, Mr. President, is real money, real people, and real needs.  Mr. President, at a time of uncertainty for all of our working families, we find this resolution will hurt our workers. The economists at Wharton predict Washington State will lose 209,000 jobs the year after this amendment takes effect. They predict my State will experience a 15-percent drop in total personal income. They tell me the hardest hit will be the manufacturing sector, especially those in the aerospace industry, which is already experiencing massive job losses. Again, I ask, is this common sense? Is this responsible budgeting?  One last word, Mr. President. I have heard many people in this body talk about the need for fiscal self-discipline. Many Americans understand that need and indeed practice it in their own daily lives. That is what Congress needs to do.  I know what it is like to sacrifice. I know how it feels to tell my kids no. And I know what tough choices are. I come from a family which is used to sacrifice and financial discipline. Mine is just like every ordinary American family. My grandparents fought a world war and survived the Great Depression. My family has ridden out nasty recessions, and now after we have survived all this, we are telling future generations, ``You have no say in determining your future. The United States is going to decide the budget of the 21st century in 1995.''  We need to keep things in perspective, Mr. President. We need to remember where we have come from when we [[Page S2097]] consider where we are going. We need to deal with jobs, violence, and the health of our Nation. But solutions to those challenges are not found in this so-called balanced budget amendment or, frankly, in any 10-second sound bite. We do not need to amend our Constitution this way and put the future of our Nation in a precarious position. We do need to be sensible legislators by proposing real solutions that bring fiscal responsibility to our budgets.  Thank you. I yield the floor.  