 President. I was listening to the debate earlier this afternoon about the pending amendment that restores some of the tremendous cuts to Medicare that occurred in this budget. I wanted to come over to the floor to just make a few points.  I heard many of my colleagues talk about the tremendous impacts that are going to occur to senior citizens as we cut Medicare in the budget that is pending. I, like many people, have two elderly parents, both of whom have chronic health care problems, and they are very concerned about the Medicare Program and they let me know about it. But I came over today to remind all of us that the impacts on cutting Medicare do not just hit the elderly, they hit the people I also care a lot about in this Nation--working families.  What we see happening here is cuts to Medicare that will no doubt cause premiums to be raised or seniors to be shut out of care or will gut quality. The impact of that will not only be felt on our seniors, but it will be felt on everyday working families.  I know those families well. I am one of them, raising two kids and taking care of my parents at the same time. I can tell you exactly what is happening in many working families across this Nation today.  We get up, we race our kids off to school, we worry about whether or not they are getting a good education, we get to work, we try to do a good job, we race home in time to get them to a baseball game, get food on the table and, at the same time, we worry that our parents are going to call and say, ``I need to go to the doctor,'' or, ``I need to go to the hospital,'' or ``I have run out of medication.'' It is an added pressure to many working families in this Nation today.  If we cut the Medicare Program as drastically as is proposed, it will add to the pressure of those parents, those working parents, those everyday average working parents, because then they will worry that their parents will not go to the doctor because of the added cost, they will worry that they will not be taking their medication because their out-of-pocket expenses have increased, they will worry that their parents are not eating right because they are having to choose between whether or not to go to the doctor, buy a prescription, or put food on the table.  These cuts to Medicare will have a tremendous impact on everyday average working families who are just trying to make it every day raising their own kids and worrying about their parents as well. But it will also have an economic impact because, I assure you, if we just cap the costs of Medicare that we pay out, we are not going to see hospitals reduce their costs, they are going to shift that to somebody else. Guess who that is going to be? People who are going to work every day and paying their taxes and paying their insurance. Working middle-income families will see their insurance rates rise, their out-of-pocket medical care costs rise in order to pay for seniors who go to the hospitals and to the doctors and who no longer are being paid back by the Medicare Program.  This will create a tremendous pressure on families and a tremendous cost shift to families. That is why it is absolutely critical that we do not reform health care within this budget by just cutting costs to Medicare and Medicaid, but we go back to understanding that we have to do health care reform in totality, look at the entire picture, figure out how much we are going to spend on health care in this Nation and impact all ends of the age spectrum and life spectrum, or we are going to put tremendous burdens on a few people. I urge my colleagues to remember that Medicare cuts will dramatically impact working families across this Nation.  I have heard over and over that these budget cuts to Medicare are being done to save it. I have to tell you that [[Page S6991]] makes no sense to me. If we care about our seniors, if we care about our families who are going to work every day, then we also should care that we have a moral responsibility to ensure the well-being of our citizens, and frankly, this budget says just the opposite to me. It says we care about the rich, it says we care more about the Pentagon than people, but it says we do not care about those working-class families.  This budget will have a tremendous impact on working-class families. It will say to them: ``We're going to cut your Medicaid. If your child has cystic fibrosis or severe asthma and you don't have the medical insurance to take care of it, Medicaid will be cut back and you may not be able to rely on that.''  It says to parents, ``Your children may not be taken care of if they are sick,'' a pressure to working-class families.  It says to working-class families that ``Your child may not be able to get a loan to go to college.''  It says to middle-class families that ``Your education dollars will be cut,'' and it will mean eventually, as this gets passed on to the States and our local school districts, that class sizes will increase and our good teachers will go elsewhere for jobs that pay enough to keep them going.  And it says to low-income families, we are going to take away the earned-income tax credit. The one thing that they have, they go to work every day, they earn less than $28,000 a year and we are going to take away a small bit of cash they have just to help them make it by gutting the earned income tax credit. You bet this is a tax increase on those earning less than $28,000. It is absolutely a tax increase on them. I think it is unfair and wrongheaded.  Finally, let me just say, I talk to many teenagers day in and day out as a parent of two teenagers. And they fear, more than anything, that there is no hope for them in this world, that there is no opportunity out there. And this budget, I assure you, does not send a message of hope and opportunity.  I urge my colleagues to support the Lautenberg-Rockefeller amendment, to restore some of those cuts to Medicare, to give some hope back to middle-income, working families in this Nation and eventually to defeat the budget that is before us.  I yield the floor.  