 President, let me just say at the outset that I think it is incredible that we are here today debating this bill. There are unfinished appropriations bills, and an unresolved Federal budget situation that demand our full attention. I believe the American people would prefer us to address the real issues of the day--issues that affect our hard-working families--and not this kind of divisive, inflammatory legislation.  Of course, the reality is that we are here and we are considering this so-called partial-birth abortion ban, and there are a few things that I want to say regarding the bill, and also to talk briefly about the amendment offered by my friend, Senator Boxer.  Mr. President, I have listened carefully to this debate and I am increasingly convinced that it is far from being a clear and narrowly defined piece of legislation, as the proponents of the bill keep claiming it to be. I find it to be a vaguely written and dangerous attempt to ban not just a single procedure. Rather, I see it as a way to instill fear and confusion in the doctors who perform abortions, and to deter them from performing a procedure that may help save a woman whose life is in danger.  It seems clear to me this bill is about families who are faced with a terrible tragedy, and it is about the doctors who must make an expert decision based on what they believe to be in the best interest of the mother. Frankly, this bill is about Congress muscling its way into the doctor's office. It is not only presumptuous, it is unprecedented and it is dangerous. We are proposing to criminalize doctors, and I want to caution each and every one of my colleagues to stop this legislation. Like Senator Boxer has said, this is a slippery slope we do not want to start down.  But, unfortunately, it looks like there are Senators who are intent on pressing on with this bill, and so we, at least, have to try and do what our colleagues in the House failed to do--to include an exception for cases to save the life and health of the mother. Mr. President. The Senator from New Hampshire has offered an amendment which he claims provides a life of the mother exception. Well, I will vote for his amendment, because it is at least a step in the right direction.  But let's be honest. The amendment makes no room for instances where, in the medical judgment of the attending physician, the procedure would be necessary to avert serious health consequences to the woman--consequences such as severe hemorrhaging or paralysis.  Only the Boxer amendment can be considered a true life exception. Only the Boxer amendment takes the health of women into account. Only the Boxer amendment sends the right message to the families of this Nation, to the women who are faced with an unimaginable tragedy. We hear, over and over again, graphic depictions of this procedure, but what of the vivid descriptions of the pain and torment these mothers have gone through? Of the horror of losing a much wanted child? Of the fear that she will never again have a chance to have a baby?  Is there anyone here who honestly believes these women are choosing to have a late-term abortion? This insinuation is an affront to the women of this Nation. The small number of women who have late-term abortions do so because their doctors have determined it to be medically necessary to save their lives and their health. End of story.  The Boxer amendment says: We respect you and will leave this difficult decision where it belongs--between you, your doctor, and your God. We think it is important to allow families to choose the procedure that is best for them, to best protect the health of the woman and to best safeguard her chances of being able to conceive again.  Without this amendment we send the women of this country the message: ``We don't care about you, we don't respect your or your doctors. The U.S. Congress and the Federal Government know best.  Well, I don't believe Congress know best. We should leave this difficult decision to the experts and to the families who are faced with this tragedy. Congress has no place telling doctors what procedures they can and cannot perform--we have never even considered getting involved in the lives of physicians, and we shouldn't start now. Not this way.  There is too much at stake, and I appeal to the common sense and humanity of each Member of this Chamber: If you must pass this reprehensible bill, at least vote to include this critical modification, and allow for exceptions in cases where women's health and lives are at stake.  