 President, I rise to support this motion to recommit. I am deeply concerned about the Republican budget proposal and its all-out assault on rural America. I understand the need to balance the Federal budget. In fact, I've supported balanced budgets. But, I do not think we should do it on the backs of our working families and farming communities. They deserve better treatment than that. Just because the voice of rural Americans is not heard as loudly on Capitol Hill as others does not mean they can be ignored.  This Republican budget attacks rural communities in my State of Washington on a number of fronts. Republican cuts to Medicare will force 157,700 older and disabled rural Washingtonians to pay higher premiums and higher deductibles for a weakened second class Medicare Program. The cuts will increase the severe financial pressure on rural hospitals in Washington. The average rural hospital will lose $5 million in Medicare funding over 7 years, forcing some to close their doors. In addition, the American Medical Association has stated that the Medicare cuts ``will unquestionably cause some physicians to leave Medicare''. Rural America is already suffering from a shortage of doctors when compared to the Nation as a whole and it will only become worse under this budget. Rural Americans will be paying more for less, and that is unacceptable.  In addition, Medicaid cuts will eliminate coverage for children, nursing home residents, and people in need of long-term care. As many as 2.2 million rural Americans, including 1 million children will be denied medical coverage in 2002 if the Republican plan is adopted. Gordon Lederer, a farmer in Latah, WA, sits on the board of directors of the Tekoa Care Center. Patients pay $90/day at Tekoa, and Mr. Lederer said that the board does not know how the Care Center will continue to provide service to the community if the cuts to Medicaid are enacted.  Mr. President, cuts to the earned income tax credit will cripple working families and their ability to provide for their children in rural Washington. The Republican cuts to EITC raise taxes on 49,945 working families in rural Washington by an average of $388 in 2002, imposing a $1.4 billion tax increase on rural Americans overall. And there's more.  The 25 percent cut to farm programs will reduce farm spending in my State of Washington by $290 million, drastically reducing support for commodity programs. I am particularly concerned about the reductions in the loan rate for wheat. These reductions could threaten the viability of farms in my State. In fact, I just heard from Mack and June Crow, wheat farmers from Oaksdale, WA. Their son now runs the family farm and they are deeply concerned about the impacts of the farm program cuts on their farm's income and hence, their ability to survive. Farms are a symbol of American bounty recognized worldwide. They are a major part of Washington State's export-based economy. Most importantly, they are a way of life that roots us and grounds us in our history and our land. To balance the budget on the backs of family farmers is not only unfair, it is un-American.  Republican cuts to education programs will deny basic and advanced skills education to 937 children in rural Washington. Small town schools in Washington are already having difficulty making ends meet. A 17 percent cut in title I funds will deny these schools crucial assistance as they struggle to adequately prepare our children for the future.  In addition, cuts to rural nutrition, housing, and transportation programs as well as cuts to programs designed to protect the environment and public health add insult to injury, and will further undermine our rural Americans attempts to secure a solid future for themselves and their children.  Mr. President, this Republican plan to balance the budget unfairly targets rural Americans. It burdens them with far more than their fair share of cuts. I therefore encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who care about rural America to support this motion to recommit.  