 President, I would like to take this opportunity to commend my friend, Senator Sarbanes, for his leadership on this issue, and lend my support to his amendment which would restore funding for homeless assistance.  Mr. President, homelessness is a problem that the American people want solved. The number of homeless Americans has grown steadily over the last three decades and it will continue to grow until we responsibly address the issue of homelessness. Studies put the number of homeless at more than 600,000 people on any given night. It is even more shocking to find that children are now the fastest growing portion of this homeless population. As a caring Nation, we must no longer ignore this growing and often overlooked part of our population. I firmly believe that every citizen deserves not only a place to sleep at night, but a real opportunity to improve their lives. Our national efforts must focus on helping these families.  Senator Sarbanes' amendment restores $360 million for homeless assistance funding to the fiscal year 1996 VA-HUD appropriations bill, bringing the funding level back up to fiscal year 1995 levels. These funds will enable local governments, communities, and nonprofits to form comprehensive, flexible and coordinated strategies for ending homelessness. These funds will help local agencies leverage additional money needed to aid homeless people with disabilities, create more housing and provide the services and facilities needed to move people into situations where they can live independently.  Restoring homeless assistance funding to 1995 levels is also an important part of the authorizing committee's effort to reform HUD in general and specifically to reform our delivery of homeless assistance. Last year's Senate Banking Committee bill created a single formula grant program which would replace the seven different categorical grant programs at HUD. This formula grant will allow better coordination of homeless services at the local level and facilitate better planning as funding levels become more predictable. The VA-HUD bill allows for this formula but does not provide adequate funding. The funds restored in this amendment will raise homeless assistance funding to a level that will allow a formula approach to make sense.  Unfortunately, no matter how we restructure HUD, during the transition some people are going to fall through the cracks. The homeless programs are the safety net that catches them.  Mr. President, earlier this year I had a chance to meet with Lucie McKinney and she reminded me of her late husband's tireless efforts and determination to end the cycle of homelessness. We must do all we can to continue Stewart McKinney's work.  