 President, I rise in strong support for the amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island, Senator Chafee, to strike certain restrictive language from the Medicaid block grant portion of this bill, and I am proud to be a co-sponsor of this important amendment. I consider the inclusion of this language to be yet another attack on poor women waged by this Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support this motion to strike.  The Medicaid block grant proposal approved by the Senate Finance Committee includes a provision which bars States from using Federal funds to pay for most abortions for poor women. The bill allows States to use Federal dollars to fund abortions only in cases of rape, incest or where the mother's life is in danger. This is not a new idea--we have seen restrictions like this one, known as the Hyde amendment, added to appropriations bills year after year. The key difference is that, now, this discriminatory ban could be made permanent--and I urge my colleagues to join us in ensuring this does not happen.  Including this ban as a component of Medicaid law is an unprecedented and alarming evolution in the attempt to restrict women's access to abortion, and will have devastating effects on the women who rely on the Medicaid program to provide health care coverage. Even more offensive, the target in this case is low-income women, who deserve the same access to critical reproductive health services available to other women in this country. If we do not strike this language from the bill, we are allowing Congress to single out poor women, and this sends a very strong message to the women of this country.  This ban is shortsighted, careless, and insulting to women across our Nation. Voting to include the Hyde language tells these women--we do not care. Without providing coverage for abortion services, we will be sending low-income and poor women straight to the back alley where they will be forced to choose unsafe alternatives and risky procedures--and make no mistake, Mr. President--women will die.  Women who receive an average of $400 a month from public assistance cannot raise the estimated $300 for a first-trimester abortion. What do you think a woman in this position will do? Will she divert money she should be spending on rent? Will she be forced to use the money she sets aside to feed herself or her child she already has? Or will she choose the cheaper, albeit unsanitary and dangerous, alternative? I do not want to place poor women in the position of having to make this kind of choice. It is wrong and it is cold-hearted.  And lastly, Mr. President, how does this federally-mandated restriction on how States can spend block granted funds fit into the mantra of the Republican reform agenda--State flexibility? This ban does not foster State innovation, and it certainly is not about getting Washington, DC out of local policy decision-making. In fact, this ban ties the State's hands and is really nothing short of the kind of Federal micro-management the Republicans are usually so quick to attack.  I want to commend Senator Chafee for his commitment and his leadership on this issue. I know he tried to strike this restrictive and discriminatory language in Committee, but was unfortunately defeated. I thank him for trying again here on the floor, and I am proud to join in his efforts. I urge my colleageus to support this amendment.  Thank you.  