 President, of all the pain in this budget, nothing will hurt our Nation more than the draconian cuts to education.  Education allows Americans to pull themselves up by their own bootstraps. And I know this first hand. I am one of seven children from a family in a small town in Washington State.  My parents taught us the most important lessons in life. They taught us that everyone can make a difference. They showed us the bright promise of the American dream.  And, they taught us that education was the key to success.  That's why my parents--like many--are watching this debate closely. They understand what's at stake--because they know the difference education made in their children's lives.  Every one of my brothers and sisters, every one of us went to college. Every one of us has been able to follow our dreams--and one of us--my twin sister--is now a teacher herself.  When I stand here in this debate, I think of my sister, Peggy, in her classroom in Bellingham, WA. I know the challenges she faces as a sixth grade teacher.  Peggy tells me how class size will grow if these types of cuts are made. If we just shift costs from the Federal to local level in this way, the quality of education in her classroom will decrease.  I know she is watching this budget debate--like teachers all across this Nation--and she is expecting us to keep education funding a top priority.  Peggy instills the same hopes and dreams in today's children our parents and teachers instilled in us.  And, she knows that the priorities in this budget are misguided. Taxes on working families. Drastic cuts to Medicaid and Medicare. Slash-and-burn education cuts.  It frankly amazes me that we are seriously considering a budget which cuts education so severely.  The fundamental goal of any economic policy should be to raise the standard of living, and increase opportunity for all Americans.  You achieve this by strengthening education at all levels.  Last year, I worked with some of my colleagues from across the aisle in a bipartisan fashion to help expand educational opportunities for all Americans. Unfortunately, it seems--in this budget--that spirit has now collapsed.  This year, we are taking giant steps backward. In this budget, education is targeted for some of the largest cuts.  I have stated many times that I am all for deficit reduction. However, it is irrational to cut investments in our children and in our workers--and then turn around and say these cuts are good for our future. How is cutting education good for our future?  The American people have the right to know what's in this budget. Let's look at the specifics:  Head Start, one of the most effective early nutrition and education programs, in cut by $3 billion. This draconian cut will deny as many as 100,000 low-income children the benefit of a pre-school education. That makes no sense.  K through 12 education programs also take a big hit. This budget would eliminate Goals 2000, which supports the efforts of schools and communities to raise academic standards in their areas. That makes so sense.  Training programs are cut. The School-to-Work Program ensures that all young people attain the skills they need to enter the workforce. Some of our colleagues want to eliminate this program. That makes no sense.  Finally, I am truly concerned about the absence of student financial aid funds in this budget. Nationally, the costs for higher education have increased at twice the rate of family income over the past decade. Without financial aid, college has simply become unavailable to the middle class.  I would have never even thought of college if it were not for financial aid. Neither would any of my six brothers and sisters. This budget says to young Americans ``you have to be rich to go to college.'' Again, that makes no sense. Again, this is the wrong message to our young people who far too often feel today there is no hope and no future for them.  We can not expect to retain our position as a leader in innovation, research, and production--unless we continue to invest in education.  At a time when Americans are fearful of losing their jobs; when Americans need training; when our high school seniors lack the funds for college; at this time, it makes no sense to turn our backs on them.  Every day, I hear my distinguished colleagues--who were captains of industry--talk about what private industry and big business need in this budget.  I do listen to leaders in industry. They tell me how important education is to American competitiveness. High tech companies and manufacturing firms need well-trained, high skilled work force. So, I do listen to them. And, I also listen to Americans who do not have rich, powerful lobbyists behind them.  Let us listen to America's displaced workers who need to be retrained. Let us listen to America's teachers. Let us listen to America's schoolchildren. Let us remember the common sense our parents taught us. Let us remember how each and every one of us got to this Senate.  I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment and restore these education cuts, restore some hope to our children's faces, and restore some common sense to this budget process.  