 President, I rise in strong support of this amendment to protect our children's heritage. I rise because this budget reconciliation debate should be about revenues. It should be about how much we have and how much we spend. The Arctic Refuge coastal plain is not about money; it is about values. It is a question of whether we are willing to trade off wilderness and wildlife that are our national heritage and legacy for our children, in order to make a short-term payment on bills we have accumulated.  Future generations will look back on what we might do today with sadness. They will not see this as a matter of shared sacrifice, but as a mark of the selfishness of a generation which, to pay off a minuscule fraction of its debts, sacrificed the inheritance of future generations. Let me explain the several other reasons why I support this amendment.  First, leasing the Refuge does not result in a significant return of money to the Federal Treasury. If the dubious assumptions of the Budget Committee prove correct, the leasing revenues would be a mere two-tenths of 1 percent of our budget gap. If we lease this unique Arctic wilderness that has been called America's Serengeti, it would be permanently destroyed. For most Americans, trading our natural wealth in the Arctic Refuge wilderness for the possibility of oil is not worth it.  Even worse, there is little assurance that the leasing revenues would be at the level assumed by the Budget Committee. Other highly prospective leases nearby in Alaska have been made at considerably less per acre. Lease sales in the Beaufort Sea, immediately offshore the Arctic Refuge, received only $33 to $153 per acre; the most recent onshore State lease sale, located west of the refuge, brought in just $48.41 per acre. This budget provision assumes an astounding $1,733 per acre if the entire coastal plain is leased.  Furthermore, the State of Alaska, not the Federal Government, is likely to reap a significant amount of the financial benefit of the leases. The Budget Committee assumes that only 50 percent of the leasing proceeds will go to the State of Alaska. However, Alaska currently receives 90 percent of the leasing revenues from Federal lands. It is unlikely that the citizens of Alaska--who receive annual dividend checks of nearly $1,000--would willingly forfeit proceeds they believe they are due; a lawsuit to recover the difference would be much more likely.  Second, the public could lose access to this remarkable area. A handful of major oil companies stand not only to make enormous profits, but to have the right to exclude the rest of us from their leased refuge lands. Today, public access in the Prudhoe Bay oil fields is strictly prohibited without an oil company escort. So hikers, rafters, fishers, hunters, and solitude seekers will likely be excluded from their Arctic Refuge. One more wild place will be closed.  Third, the Budget Committee suggests that the square acreage impacted by oil and gas leasing would be relatively small. However, this area is the biological heart of the refuge. It is the most coveted by oil companies and the most critical for wildlife. The coastal plain is an integral part of the only conservation area in North America that protects a full spectrum of Arctic and sub-Arctic ecosystems. While only 13,000 acres would be affected, the wilderness in the entire coastal plain would be impacted by oil development. The massive industrial complex would not be in a compact area, but would sprawl over hundreds of square miles in a network of roads, pipelines, airports, and processing plants.  Fourth, budget reconciliation is the wrong place to decide such an important issue. We should have a full and fair airing of all views about the leasing of our Arctic Refuge. Money is not the only value we should consider. Before we drill holes and pave portions of the refuge, we should consider all of its value, not just its infinitesimal contribution to the budget deficit. I believe its sponsors know that they could not win in the light of full debate. A massive spending bill provides them the cover of darkness that they know they must have to win.  In closing, I quote the great writer and naturalist Margaret Murie, ``Wilderness itself is the basis of all of our civilization. I wonder if we have enough reverence for life to concede to wilderness the right to live on?''  I will cast my vote to protect the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge--for wilderness and for my children.  