 I remind my colleagues that we should be here debating the nomination of Dr. Henry Foster and what message and tone he can bring to this office. But we are not. We are here debating whether or not Dr. Foster will have the opportunity to have an up-or-down vote on the floor of the Senate.  I have been working with Dr. Foster for a number of months now. It is extremely disappointing to see this fine man, after all he has been through, being denied a vote on the floor of the Senate. I hope our colleagues across the aisle can step back today and think about the larger message. Think about what will happen if we block this vote today and do not allow this man with great dignity to have the vote that he deserves after the last 5 months.  Throughout this debate, I have been focusing on what Dr. Foster brings to this office. Certainly, he brings the issues of women's health care clearly to the forefront of this Nation for the first time in our history, and that is a good thing. Certainly, he brings the ability to send a message to our teenagers, a vision of hope, a vision that they can be somebody. That is something that is needed in this Nation.  But I fear, Mr. President, that many of our American viewers today do not realize that that is not what this vote is all about. This vote has become a vote about Presidential politics, and I find that very sad. As we have worked to get to the last three votes, it has been surprising and saddening to hear what some of my colleagues have expressed. They do not feel they can vote for this candidate--not because he is not qualified, not because they think the process should be fair. They tell me they do not want to be seen as giving one Presidential candidate a vote over another Presidential candidate. It has become an issue of winners and losers. Who are the winners? Who is going to win? I can tell you who the losers are. The losers are the American people. The American people will be the losers because not only will they lose a fine candidate for Surgeon General, they will lose because the process has been sullied, and I think that is a sad statement for this Nation.  I think the winner--no matter what the outcome of this vote--is Dr. Foster. He is a man of dignity, a man of courage, and he is a man of honor. Every one of us--every one in this Nation--should stand up and give this man a loud round of applause. He deserves it. He has lived through torture--name calling, watching his whole, entire life be put in print--and he has shown all of us, as he sat before the committee, that he is a man of dignity. Dr. Foster certainly is the kind of person that deserves to be in the Surgeon General position, and he is also a man we all want to be like. He is a man of honor, and he should be very proud today that he has shown this Nation how to be a leader and what we should expect of leaders and what we want our Nation's leaders to look like.  I hope that all of our colleagues will step back and think about the larger message as they vote today. This man deserves a vote on the floor of the Senate. But above all, he deserves our applause for going through this process and showing us what a leader really looks like.  I thank my colleagues and I yield the floor.  