 President, I rise in strong opposition to the Thurmond-McCain amendment, which seeks to increase defense spending by $68 billion over the next 7 years, and pay for that increase by making further cuts in domestic programs.  In this era of shared sacrifice where no one is spared the budget ax--not children, seniors, nor veterans--I fear that those who would now ask the Senate to increase the level of defense spending simply do not understand the true war this country is fighting.  Mr. President, it is America's families who are on the front lines today, fighting to find a safe place to live, a sound education for their children, affordable health care, and job security.  It is the war against crime, poverty, ignorance, and AIDS that needs to be this country's priorities as we approach the next century.  During the cold war, Americans made sacrifices here at home so that our national resources could be used to defeat communism around the globe. The Berlin Wall fell in 1989, and with it, the Warsaw Pact. The Soviet Union officially dissolved in 1991. We fought the war, and we won.  In the aftermath of the cold war, I believe American families deserve to live in a safer and more stable world. They deserve to know that more of their tax dollars are going to educate their children and police their streets.  The Republican budget before us today, which outlines their spending priorities for the next 7 years, makes deep cuts in programs for children, the poor, veterans, and the elderly, while insulating defense spending from cuts.  And now we are asked to support an amendment which would add $68 billion more in defense spending, and to pay for that increase, American families would have to accept yet deeper cuts in domestic programs.  Even without this amendment, let us remember what the Republican budget is asking of American families.  Teachers and students are asked to accept dramatic cuts in education spending, worker training programs, and student loan assistance.  Preschoolers and their parents must accept a 30-percent cut in Head Start funding, which will deny as many as 100,000 low-income children the benefit of a preschool education.  Rural Americans will be asked to accept 20-percent cuts in mandatory agriculture spending.  Children and the elderly will be asked to shoulder $400 billion in Medicare and Medicaid cuts. In America today, one in four children, and one in three infants, are covered by Medicaid.  The earned income tax credit, a program to help keep working families off welfare, will be cut by 11 percent.  Our Nation's scientific community must accept $25 billion in cuts for basic research.  The budget blueprint before us increases the veterans' contribution for GI bill education benefits, and freezes funding for the VA's medical system at the 1995 level for the next 7 years, cutting access to health care for veterans around the Nation. Under the Republican proposal, the VA will be forced to close the equivalent of 35 of its 170 hospitals and deny care to over 1 million of our Nation's vets.  And if we accept the amendment now pending before the Senate, American families would be asked to accept even deeper cuts in education funding, crime control, and other important domestic programs.  Proponents of this amendment point to recent declines in defense spending with alarm. While spending for our military is down from the mid-1980's level, we must keep this trend in perspective. The United States today has the largest military budget and the most powerful military force in the world.  The combined military budgets of Russia, Iraq, China, North Korea, Libya, Iran, Syria, and Cuba total $95 billion annually. That is one-third the level of U.S. defense spending. Each year, the United States spends more than the next nine of the world's biggest military spenders combined.  In fact, this country spends so much for defense, even the Pentagon can't keep track of it all. According to the GAO and the Pentagon's inspector general, as well as the Pentagon's Controller John Hamre, billions of defense dollars are lost year after year due to poor recordkeeping and lax accounting practices at the Department of Defense.  According to GAO, each year the pentagon pays private contractors up to $750 million it does not owe them--with businesses often paid twice for the work they have done. And at this point, according to the Pentagon, there is really no way to retrieve these lost funds, or to stop the massive overpayments.  Billions of dollars simply lost in the system, Mr. President, in an era when we are saying no to university scientists looking for cures to devastating diseases.  Billions of dollars lost in the system when we are saying no to preschoolers who need HeadStart programs.  Billions of dollars lost in the system, when we are saying no to our Nation's elderly, who thought they could rely on Medicare in their final years.  Billions of lost dollars when we are saying no to basic scientific research, which has fueled our economy for decades.  At the very least, Congress should hold defense spending to the President's level until the Pentagon can fix their payment procedures and bring some accountability to the system. We owe that much to the Nation's taxpayers.  Our debate today is about deficit reduction--which requires hard choices. Under the Senate budget plan, the United States will continue to maintain the strongest military in the world. Today the military's share of the gross domestic product is 4.6 percent, which is higher than the entire Federal domestic discretionary budget combined 3.7 percent.  And in the current international climate, where the United States remains the only military superpower, we are also the dominant economic and political actor on the stage. In this role, we must increasingly emphasize nonmilitary solutions to global conflicts--diplomatic negotiations, multilateral efforts, and regional responses.  But most of all, in order to project strength abroad, we must gain strength here at home. Our national security, in my view, will not be strengthened by yet more guns and missiles. We need to restore global economic leadership. We must invest in our children and their future--in their education and their health. We must rebuild our cities and our infrastructure, and invest in technology and scientific research.  We must ensure that the economy our children inherit in the next century is sound and growing.  Mr. President, I will end with a quote from Dwight Eisenhower, who observed in 1953,       Every gun that is fired, every warship launched, every      rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from      those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are      not clothed. The world in arms is not spending money alone.      It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its      scientists, the hopes of its children.  General Eisenhower had it right. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to defeat the Thurmond-McCain amendment.  