 President, Dr. Tyson, probably more clearly than anyone I have heard in the past few days, explains how dangerous this resolution is and why the American people have a right to know what our budget will look like before we act on this measure.  Mr. President, the staff of the Budget Committee prepared an analysis of the balanced budget amendment which puts the abstract words of this resolution into perspective.  Now, as you know, Mr. President, the proponents of this resolution tell us we must have a balanced budget in the year 2002. But, they refuse to tell us how they will achieve that balance. They will not level with the American people about what they will cut and what they will eliminate. And, Mr. President, the American people have a right to know.  They have a right to know before we pass this amendment how this will affect them.  If we pass this resolution with an exemption for Social Security, defense, and some other sensitive programs and if we still enact all the tax cuts in the Contract With America, and all of that is possible, we will see a 50-percent across-the-board cut in all other programs.  Is this responsible budgeting, Mr. President? Is this rational? Is this common sense? If we put this resolution into action, Mr. President, agricultural programs could take a 50-percent cut. So could highway funds. We could lose half of our education and job training money, and we could lose half of our student loans.  If the Constitution is amended in this way, and Congress actually acts on it, the cleanup of the Hanford Nuclear Reservation is in jeopardy. This is not the way we return security to our Nation, Mr. President. And, it is not how we restore the glimmer of hope to our children's eyes.  The radical cuts this amendment will demand will likely fall squarely on the backs of the most vulnerable in our society--our children, our elderly, our disabled most in need of help.  And, Mr. President, at a time of uncertainty for all of our working families we find this resolution will hurt our workers. The economists at Wharton predict Washington State could lose 209,000 jobs the year after this amendment takes effect. They predict my State will experience a 15-percent drop in total personal income. And, they tell me hardest hit will be the manufacturing sector--especially the aerospace industry--which is already experiencing massive job losses.  Mr. President, it is time to level with the American people. If we are gong to engage in a discussion of balancing the budget, let's get beyond the 10-second sound bites. Let us tell the American people how this budget will affect our lives, and their children's lives. Because, Mr. President, if we are going to change the Constitution of the United States the American people have a right to know exactly how this will affect their lives, their security, and their future.  I retain the balance of my time.  