 In fact, its details are more troubling than I could have imagined, and, not surprisingly, the concern in my home State is much greater than I ever predicted.  What concerns me most is this budget seems to have no core values or principles that mean anything to American families. Its principles seem to be program cuts for the sake of program cuts, and tax cuts for the sake of tax cuts, with little regard for the consequences. I cannot understand the philosophy that prevails here that we have to somehow scorch the Earth in order to balance the budget.  Mr. President, I, too, want to balance this Nation's budget. In fact, I am proud to say I supported the 1993 budget package. That plan has this Nation on the right track; since its passage, our annual deficits have declined in each consecutive year. Earlier in this debate, I supported a balanced budget proposal put forth by my colleague from North Dakota, Senator Conrad. His plan would have balanced our Nation's deficit in a fair and equitable manner. It would have maintained a commitment to education, health care and retirees. It would have brought our spending in line with our national priorities, and it would have postponed the tax breaks until we can afford them. It was a responsible and realistic alternative; most importantly, it had core values and principles that are important to every citizen in this country.  And, I, too, want to reduce taxes. Believe me, I know what it takes to raise a family, balance the family books and pay taxes. I know how badly my friends and neighbors want tax relief, and I understand how difficult it can be for families to cope with their tax burdens. I also know how expensive it is for small, family-owned businesses to keep their businesses in the family, and I believe targeted estate tax relief is one example of good tax reform; as is allowing first-time homebuyers to make tax-free IRA withdrawals for the purchase of a new home.  But, there is a right way and there is a wrong way to balance the budget, and the plan before us balances our budget the wrong way. We cannot afford to balance this Nation's budget on the backs of our children and the elderly, so that those who are already better off can put more cash in their checking accounts. We cannot afford to give tax breaks to people who don't need them, and then increase taxes on the working poor and health insurance on the elderly.  It is interesting to note that many of my colleagues argue on behalf of this budget package by claiming it will benefit our children and grandchildren in the long run. They claim we will give our children a better economy and lower interest rates tomorrow by balancing the budget today. They fail to note that this plan cuts our investments in the future to do so; programs like head Start and WIC and college loans and AmeriCorps.  I ask, what good will lower interest rates do for my children and grandchildren if we reduce their access to higher education and vocational training, ultimately limiting their ability to acquire the skills they will need to find a family wage job?  Moreover, the proponents argue these tax breaks will enable families to save more for the future. However, current estimates reveal that these tax breaks will increase our Nation's debt by roughly $93 billion. That's $93 billion our children and grandchildren will be paying back through higher taxes later. This sounds like the 1980's all over again.  It is imperative that we understand how this budget plan really impacts our children and families. How does it impact average Americans? Does this budget provide hope, or does it tell hardworking Americans they're on their own? Does it provide security and safety for our children and elderly, or does it lead to uncertainty and anxiousness? These are just a few of the important questions I considered when looking at this budget reconciliation. We should be providing hope for the families that are struggling to pay their rent, feed their children and care for their elderly parents. Instead, we are showing these families and their children that the only way to address these difficult issues is to cut the heart out of what they need to survive--education, health care and good jobs.  Last month, I held a forum back in Washington State to talk about the varied issues surrounding Medicare. I expected one or two dozen to attend. Instead, over 500 people showed up to express their views. people are concerned. They are anxious, and not quite certain what a $270 billion Medicare cut means to them. How much more money will be taken out of their Social Security check each month? And what are seniors on a fixed income going to get for their sacrifice? I hope it is more than a tax break for somebody else. This budget is not providing certainty or hope. My constituents see difficult times ahead. They are wondering how they will pay for health care.  And then there's Medicaid. This program serves the elderly in nursing homes, the adult disabled, pregnant women, and children--the most vulnerable in our society, and the working families that support them and care for them every day. This budget will take $187 billion out of Medicaid, do away with the standards of care, block grant the program, and let States decide who won't have their medical costs covered.  The fears that working families have about the Medicaid cuts can best be summed up by a letter I recently received from a worried mother:       What will happen to our family when my mother, who has      Alzheimer's disease and lives with us, has no more funds and      we can no longer care for her at home? My children's      education depends on both my husband and me working. If one      of us becomes unemployed or must take on full-time care      taking responsibilities, we risk grave financial consequences      for all of us.  The lack of social priorities isn't the only problem in this budget. It fundamentally stalls the best economic development initiatives this country has in order to compete in the global marketplace.  There are over 30,000 Boeing employees in my home State on strike as we speak. There No. 1 issue is job security. The global economy and increased competition has made these employees, and many others like them, uncertain about the future. They increasingly look to us for support. They want to know what the Federal Government will do to help them compete in the global marketplace.  This budget provides no security or hope. Instead, it proposes deep cuts in trade promotion programs and trade adjustment assistance. It demolishes the Commerce Department at a time when Secretary Brown has maximized its effectiveness on behalf of American businesses. This budget sends the message that the Federal Government will provide no leadership in international competition, and has no role in cultivating good, high-paying jobs that will lead our families into the 21st century.  And what about the tax increases in this budget? This budget says working families do not count in the scope of principles governing this budget.  Many families will see tax increases because of the proposed cuts to the earned income tax credit. We all know how important the EITC is, and we're all aware of the bipartisan support it has received over the years. As President Reagan once said, ``this credit is one of the most successful profamily, prowork initiatives ever to come out of Congress.'' The budget before us will reduce the EITC by $43.5 billion over 7 years. In my home State, low-income working families with two children will see a $452 tax increase in 2002 and a $522 tax increase in 2005.  The worst aspect of this tax proposal is that it increases taxes on approximately 17 million hard-working Americans while the top 13 percent of income earners will reap 40 percent of the tax breaks. Does this provide security and hope for our low- and middle-income taxpayers? It does not. Reducing the EITC simply will drop many working families into poverty, and make it more difficult for families to take care of their children and parents.  The environment doesn't escape this budget, either.  I am concerned about the impacts this bill will have on public lands and other national assets. For decades, the Congress of the United States has recognized that our public lands and assets are too precious to sell unless their sale is in the best interest of the public. But it appears to be a new day. Today, this committee may vote to sell--or lease--our children's heritage to pay our debts. The leasing of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in particular is not an issue of revenues. It's a question of values. It's a question of whether we are willing to trade off open space, parks, wilderness, and wildlife values--the natural legacy for our children--for a short-term payment toward the bills we have accumulated--or worse, for a tax cut for ourselves.  There truly is a right way to balance the budget; a way that provides security and hope and a way that assures average Americans that we are looking out for them. I tried to instill some of this common sense into the budget resolution, and I am pleased the Senate responded to my amendment calling for an appropriate level of Impact Aid funding. I only wish we could have had more cooperation across the board on other education needs like Head Start, School-to-Work, and Safe and Drug Free Schools, and AmeriCorps.  Mr. President, given the fundamental disrespect for families in this budget, I am forced to oppose this reconciliation package. It does not have important core principles, and I'm afraid it is leading toward an America far different from the one I grew up in. I am alarmed at its shortsightedness. I fear it was motivated by a desire to balance the budget by a given date, regardless of the consequences.  This budget leads us down a new road; a road none of us have traveled. It says the Federal Government is no longer responsible for the welfare of its people. But, yet, who will be? Who will rise to the occasion? Who will pick up the slack? None of us know, but each of us should be prepared. Prepared, because this budget is calling each of us to be more vigilant, more aware of the needs of our families and neighbors, more willing to pay for the health care needs of our parents, children, and friends. Those of us in this room may be able to pick up the slack, but many in our home States will be hard pressed to meet this challenge.  This budget is not good public policy. It is not why I was elected, and it's certainly not what the families in Washington State want.  