 President, I yield myself 5 minutes in opposition.  I do rise today in opposition to S. 21, which directs the President of the United States to unilaterally lift the arms embargo on Bosnia and Herzegovina. Like many of my colleagues, I, too, want to do something, anything, to stop further atrocities from occurring in Bosnia. The situation grows more horrid everyday. We have all said it in a hundred different ways: There are no good options to choose from when trying to determine how best to respond to the tragedies in Bosnia and Herzegovina.  Compelling, sound, and thoughtful arguments have been made on both sides of this debate. In the words of one young Dutch peacekeeper just freed from Srebrenica: ``You wish the war would stop, but it's only a wish. It will be a miracle if this war ever stops.''  He had come to that conclusion after witnessing first hand the hatred that has fueled this conflict for generations, a hatred so deep as to seem endless, passed on for centuries from parent to child.  At home, most Americans wonder aloud why the nations of Europe have not been able to come together around this crisis. Knowing how pressing the needs are in our own country, many Americans voice frustration at the unending calls for one form or another of United States involvement in Bosnia. Many resent the United States. in the role of global policeman again, and still many others are horrified by the pictures they see of refugees, of Bosnia's senseless dead, of ethnic cleansing and genocide, of a young woman hanging from a tree in desperate pursuit of escape.  It is this profound sense of frustration that brings us to this debate today. Proponents of S. 21 argue that this approach gives us the best of both worlds--allowing the United States to do something to resolve the conflict while doing nothing to further our own national involvement. But I believe, Mr. President, that the promises of this approach may well prove to be false and that the consequences of Senator Dole's bill are not well understood.  It is those consequences that concern me the most. It is those questions that have not been answered as we go through this debate.  Despite those who have dismissed his comments during the course of this debate, I agree with Secretary of Defense William Perry when he says that unilaterally lifting the embargo greatly risks Americanizing the war in the Balkans.  Let me make it clear that I agree with those who argue that the arms embargo should be lifted, because it is the Bosnians' right as an independent nation to defend themselves. U.N. Resolution 713, agreed to in 1991 and imposing an arms embargo on all states formed from former Yugoslavia, has frozen a military imbalance in place, because Bosnian Serbs inherited most of the arms and troop strength from Tito's Yugoslavia.  But I continue to have very strong concerns about the United States going it alone and lifting the arms embargo against Bosnia unilaterally--against the better judgment of our European allies who have troops on the ground, and who have far more at stake than we do at this point.  We have spent little time during this debate discussing the actual details of the plan before us. But it is those details that will determine the success or failure of this approach.  For example, if the goal of lifting this embargo is to get arms to the Bosnians, how exactly will that be accomplished? Who will be supplying the arms? The language of the bill suggests that we can somehow preclude U.S. participation, but I am unclear as to how that can be achieved. If we act unilaterally, we may then be in a position of supplying not just arms, but also trainers and other U.S. military support personnel. Or, if we simply provide funds for the Bosnians to purchase arms, will we be supportive if they use United States funds to purchase arms from Russia--or Iran?  How do we keep United States supplied arms from falling into the wrong hands? This may be a particularly difficult problem if Russian arms are purchased--given that Russia has remained very close to the Serbs during this conflict.  More broadly, if we view the Bosnian crisis as a potential threat to European stability, then I believe we must approach the problem in concert with our European allies, despite how difficult this has been. They are strongly opposed to lifting the embargo, and have made it clear that if the United States lifts the Bosnian embargo, they will remove their peacekeepers. That will no doubt lead to a new wave of refugees in Europe. It is the Europeans who will have to deal with the immediate effects of any U.S. action. It will be their soldiers who are on the ground in Bosnia, and whose lives will be on the line.  Other questions remain.  Currently, the United States works with our allies to enforce the embargo. If we break it unilaterally, will our allies continue to try and enforce it, and if so, how will we deal with such conflicts?  The Croatians, too, have lost territory to the Serbs and would like to reclaim it. If we lift the embargo against Bosnia, why will we not be asked to do the same for Croatia?  And, if the United States acts unilaterally, this could lead some nations to question their commitment to other embargoes, such as the economic boycott of Iraq currently in place.  Mr. President, I am not prepared today to bury the multilateralism we have worked so hard to develop over the last 50 years with our allies.  And finally, if the U.N. peacekeepers are removed, the United States may find itself in a position of having to deploy our own troops to help in that evacuation. Have the American people been adequately prepared for the loss of life that may occur under those circumstances? On that question, Mr. President, I strongly believe we should take the matter to a vote of the House and Senate if a wider role for U.S. troops is requested, so that the American people are involved.  Let me make it clear that although I do not support the resolution before us today, I agree that the status quo is totally unacceptable. The handwringing of the West has been endless. Our actions have been irresolute and irresponsible.  It has been a mistake from the beginning to deploy U.N. peacekeepers in a situation where no peace exists. It is not the mission of U.N. peacekeepers to make peace. Their role is to try to keep the peace once a settlement to the conflict has been agreed upon. That is not the situation in the former Yugoslavia. In the words of the Secretary General, the West has delivered to the United Nations a ``mission impossible.''  Scores of peacekeepers have been killed--and countless wounded. They have been deployed as soldiers into a war zone, but without the arms and means to protect even themselves.  The peacekeepers have done their best under these horrid circumstances. They have saved countless thousands of lives. They have delivered vital humanitarian relief supplies. But they cannot be expected to resolve this war.  As I said in the beginning of my statement, we have come to this debate out of a deep sense of frustration.  This past weekend's ministerial level meetings in Europe produced a refinement of current allied strategy, but the current allied position remains tenuous and untested. We know that NATO's pinprick airstrikes are to be replaced by a NATO air campaign. We have been promised significant improvements in the duel-key command and control system, but confusion on this critical issue remains.  Overall, the agreement between the United States and our allies is extremely fragile, with important questions remaining about its implementation. Will, for example, the plan to protect Goradze become a policy and extend to other U.N. safehavens if they come under attack?  Fundamentally, is there a policy of resoluteness behind this site specific plan? If so, I have yet to hear it. And will the military officers on the ground finally be in control of military decisions, as opposed to the current situation where civilian U.N. officials can veto a military recommendation to initiate airstrikes. It is that situation which has led the Serbs to conclude that the West is nothing more than a paper tiger.  Rightfully frustrated by what appears to be yet more allied indecisivness, Senators voting today in support of the unilateral lifting of the embargo believe their action will contribute to a solution in Bosnia. For the sake of the Bosnians, and for the sake of the entire civilian population throughout the former Yugoslavia, I hope that they are right, and that this action brings the conflicting parties closer to the peace table.  But we have no way of knowing that will be the case.  Let me state clearly that I oppose unilaterally lifting the embargo for two basic reasons: At the core, this is a European issue. Our European allies are on the frontline, and they do not want us to act unilaterally. We have 50 years of solid NATO relations at stake, and I have strong concerns about the United States going it alone against our European allies who have troops on the ground and who have more at stake than we do as we go into this debate.  Second, and more important, if we do this, we have to be prepared to accept the consequences--we, the Senators of the U.S. Senate. The moment we lift the embargo, there is a strong chance the allies will leave and an all-out war will follow. If that is our choice, we will have to live with the resulting carnage. It is for those two reasons that I oppose this proposition before the Senate.  Mr. President, this is a debate with endless questions and few answers, but in my view history will far better be served if the United States continues to try to forge a consensus approach to this tragic situation, rather than adopt a go-it-alone strategy that may well have the unforeseen consequence of widening the war and escalating our own national involvement.  It is with a great deal of reluctance and sadness that I vote today in opposition to the amendment before the Senate.  