 President, I thank my colleague from Florida for this very important amendment he has brought before us today. It seems, so often when we come out on the Senate floor, we get caught up in the charts and graphs and ``Senatese" terms that we hear so often and we forget what we are doing affects very real people and very real families across this country. I want to talk about one of those very real people. He is a young child. He is 21 months old. He lives in my State. His mother wrote me a desperate letter saying, ``Please do not take away Medicaid.''  Her son, Abe, was born with a severe medical disorder. He needs a modified ventilator to breathe 22 out of every 24 hours. In his short 21 months, he has had many surgeries to help put fingers on his hands, to help him breathe, to help him live. His mother said, without Medicaid, Abe would not be here.  This mother is desperate because she knows, as all of us do, that if we change this bill in the way that is being proposed by the Republicans, she will have to fight for Medicaid coverage with everyone else in my State who is desperately going to be looking for help, and it is very likely that Abe will not have his ventilator once this goes to our States.  I went out and I talked to hundreds of parents in my State who have children at Children's Orthopedic Hospital in my home State. These are parents who did not expect to have a child with a severe medical disorder. They did not expect to have a child with asthma, who was in the hospital every other week. They did not expect to have a child who had leukemia. And they did not expect that they would have to quit their job to stay home and take care of that child. They did not expect that their own medical insurance would run out within a very short time because of the limits on insurance. And they never expected to have to turn to the Federal Government to ask for help.  But I can tell you everyone of those parents needs our help and this amendment will send that assurance back to them. I urge my colleagues to support it.  