 President, next Thursday, families from Forks, WA to Fort Lauderdale, FL will be coming together to enjoy each other's company and to celebrate a holiday unique to the history and heritage of our country.  The tables will be heaped with food, prepared in many kitchens and brought together at the house of one family. For some families in our country, who do not necessarily have all that much to be thankful for, this may be the best meal of the year.  If your family is at all like mine, there will be turkey and gravy and some kind of Jello salad. At dinner, there will be a card table for the little kids, and a couple of bigger kids who will not want to sit with them.  After dinner, there will be games of Pinochle. There will be teenagers standing around, wishing something exciting would happen. There will be people in the living room, just starting to get sleepy. The television will be on, and the Detroit Lions will be losing again. And best of all, throughout the day, there will be many stories.  The people in my life tell stories about many things. Stories about family members who could not come this year or family members who have died. Stories about war. Stories about work or friends or sports. Stories about a new birth, or an impending marriage. In most years, there is not much talk about government--unless something really bad is about to happen.  I have a feeling I am going to hear a lot of talk about government this year. Right now, I can almost hear 10 stories that might be told around the tables at Thanksgiving this year, across this great land. Ten things people wish they did not have to talk about, but they will:  First, there will be the story about Medicare. The elders always tell stories best, remember the bad times clearest, and complain about the Government loudest. Next Thursday, after grace has been said, an old man is going to pause, with the mashed potato spoon still in his hand, and say ``You hear what they're going to do to Medicare?''  This story, like the rest, is a sad one. The man knows that the budget needs to be balanced for the generations he can see around the table. He has heard that there has been fraud and abuse in Medicare billing. He knows that he is going to have to sacrifice for the betterment of the country. He just is not going to understand why Congress is going to take more money out of his Social Security check to give a tax break to people who do not need it.  Second, there will be the story about Medicaid. The family is together, but they have to arrange to visit grandma at the nursing home. The family will go visit, but they will now have to worry about whether Congress is going to allow States to gut nursing home standards that protect grandma's health, safety, and financial security.  They will have to worry about whether grandma will be the lucky one to get Medicaid funding when their State has to choose between paying for pregnant women, children, the elderly, or the disabled, because Congress gave them less money to meet the growing needs they face.  Third, there will be the story of the adult children in the family, who never before had to worry about being held responsible for the costs of grandma's nursing home care, but now will. They have worked hard to raise their own family, save money for their kid's education, and for their own retirement. Now they will have to deal with extra costs from every angle.  If they are working but low income, they will not get the $500 per child tax credit that the Congress is touting, because they will not pay enough taxes to get the deduction. If they do not have children yet, they will face the fact that Congress will be taking away the earned income tax credit they have counted on.  If they do have kids, and do get the tax credit, they are going to need the money. Because when grandma cannot stay in the nursing home because Congress cut Medicaid, the family is going to have to build a new room onto the house.  Fourth, there will be the college-age students and their story. They want to prepare themselves for a world where they know they will have to be qualified to compete. They are willing to swallow their pride and ask their parents for help; they are willing to work; and they are willing to pay off loans after college. But none of that will matter.  The Congress is going to take $5 billion out of their student loan programs, and give it to the banks. Congress is going to decimate the Direct Lending Program, which gives students their money more efficiently, and eliminates bureaucracy and the middle man. In addition the budget eliminates Perkins loan funding and drops 280,000 students from Pell grants.  Fifth, there will be the story of the younger students, who need to have a relevant public education to get them ready to go on to college, into some other form of training, or directly into work. For these students, the Congress is going to cut almost $4 billion from discretionary but vital education programs, including title I basic skills instruction for 500,000 additional students, State student incentive grants, school reform, Head Start, and AmeriCorps.  Sixth, there will be one of the most tragic stories of all--the story of what will happen to all the children in the great country of ours. Services to help children, from Medicaid to pay their medical bills, to school lunch and day-care nutrition programs, to childhood immunizations are all going under the ax in what the majority party is painting as some kind of epic and heroic moment in American history.  These cuts will certainly be historic. This is probably the first time in history that the American Government declared war on its own children, when it knew better. If the Congress wants to balance the budget, American families are all for it. But Americans are pretty steadfast when their own family is threatened, and this is a battle that the majority party in Congress should lose.  Seventh, there will be the story of the welfare mom. This member of the family may not be sitting at your table this year, but she comes to many homes for Thanksgiving, and her sisters may one day come to your table or mine. Her story is one of tragedy piled on top of tragedy.  Maybe she came from an abusive marriage, where she took beating after beating, and only got out after her abuser started hitting her kids. She probably did not have the benefit of education and training. She most likely had all kinds of things stacked against her. Invest in her life now, with child care and training, and she'll be a tax-paying citizen for years to come.  But this Congress is going to cut child care, nutrition services, and kick this woman off public assistance as fast as possible, without the support that would allow her to join the work force. She does not have much to be thankful for with the passage of this budget.  Eighth, there will be a story about the environment. A 12-year-old may ask why the Government wants to sell her heritage to big companies. She wonders about the polar bears and caribou that now live in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  She asks whether the Native people she has read about, or whether her family, if she happens to be a member of Gwich'n tribe, will be able to continue to live where they have lived for 20,000 years--on the lands they love, subsisting on a now-abundant supply of wildlife. She sighs and asks her elders not to sell America's lands, our national forests, our national refugees, our national treasures--her heritage.  Ninth, there will be the story of the family farm. The wheat farmer from eastern Washington, who has seen congressional Republicans adopt a Freedom to Farm Proposal that couldn't even be approved by the House or the Senate. The wheat farmer, who has seen the safety net for farmers eliminated, the safety net that has existed for almost 60 years.  Farmers do not need this safety net when prices are good, but when prices are bad, these farmers, who supply the staple foods of our society, need our support. They deserve our support. The family farmer, who works to grow the food that provides the bounty for Thanksgiving dinners for families across our Nation--this farmer is forgotten in the Republican budget.  Tenth, the last story, will be a story of real thanks. After all these other stories, after the eyes roll skyward, after the anger, after the frustration, they will all join hands and give thanks. The members of this family will thank their God that they are all together for the holiday. They will be thankful for the good food and warmth of family, but mostly, they will be very thankful that the Members of Congress are also home with their families, and not doing more damage from the floors of the House and Senate.  Mr. President, I continue to worry about the priorities in this budget. We all know this budget will be vetoed; for that I am thankful. When it is returned, I intend to work very hard with my colleagues to ensure we will then pass a budget that is good for our children, our families, and our future.  