  I think it is high time this Senate goes on record that we do not condone these acts of violence.  Women's health care providers across the Nation are facing bombings, arson, kidnappings, and assaults. As they go to work each day, these health care providers must contemplate the possibility that an antichoice extremist will try to kill them. The shootings at clinics in Massachusetts and Virginia are only the most recent examples.  One doctor in my State of Washington wrote to me recently and said:       Every time I walked toward the building, I thought to      myself that some antichoice terrorist could have set a bomb      and that my life could be on the line. Fortunately, so far I      have been able to work unimpeded, but with every assault on a      clinic around the country, I worry about the safety of my      staff as well as that of my patients. The next time a gun is      fired, it could well hit a patient or staff member. The      psychological toll all this takes on clinic staff is      enormous, as you can well imagine.  I ask my colleagues to step back and view this issue as a parent. That is how I view it. I have a young daughter and I cannot express the fear that I have that perhaps some day if the horrible should happen and my daughter is raped, that not only should she have to go through the trauma of an abortion, but she would have to fear for her life when she attempts to get access to safe health care.  The same article that appeared in the Washington Post yesterday has an important paragraph that we must also remember.  It says:       In most cases, the violence has disrupted clinics where a      large portion of staff time is devoted not to abortions but      to routine women's reproductive health care--pap smears,      teaching and supplying birth control methods, and treating      sexually transmitted diseases.  Let us remember that women go to these clinics for pap smears as well. Their lives have been endangered, and we need to protect them.  Last year, Congress passed the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act and the President signed it into law. The law outlaws clinic violence while protecting lawful picketing and lawful protests not accompanied by force, threat of force, or physical obstruction.  Mr. President, I fully support our first amendment rights under the U.S. Constitution. However, with the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act we properly acknowledged that violence is not a mode of free speech. It is time for all of us, no matter how we feel about the issue of abortion, to let our Nation know that we will not tolerate violence as a means of protest.  I am proud to cosponsor this sense-of-the-Senate resolution urging the Attorney General to fully enforce the law. And I urge my colleagues to support it as well. Again, I thank my colleague from California, Senator Boxer, and I yield back my time to the Senator from California.  