 735, the antiterrorism bill.  This bill poses serious dilemmas for me, and for this Congress. It requires us to face some of the real dangers that exist in the modern world, and it motivates us to act in the interest of protecting the people. But it also makes us face the cost of freedoms we enjoy as Americans.  It is disturbing to me when the Congress is faced with a decision to increase protection for the people by chipping away at the edges of freedom.  But in this case, the imperative is clear. We have heard many compelling [[Page S7855]] stories on this floor about the horrors of Oklahoma City, the tragedy of the World Trade Center. These stories are real; they involved real Americans in today's world. I need not repeat these stories here. Let me simply acknowledge what we all feel: These events have shaken every American to the core of their being. To reduce the likelihood of such events occurring in the future, and to preserve a peaceful existence for Americans, we must act.  We must empower our law enforcement officials to zero in on terrorist organizations, at home and abroad. This bill does that.  We must make these crimes a high priority within the judicial system, and clearly subject terrorist activities to prosecution. This bill does that.  We must cripple the ability of terrorists to finance their activities in our own backyard. This bill does that.  We must draw on all the expertise of the Government, including the military where appropriate. This bill does that.  This bill contains many provisions that will improve our ability as a nation to prevent, combat, and prosecute against terrorist activities. As a result of the World Trade Center and Oklahoma City bombings, we owe it to the victims to act. As Senators in an increasingly dangerous world, we owe it to all citizens to protect the quality of life unique to the United States of America. Therefore, I will support S. 735.  Madam President, having said that, I must add a few concerns. I do not think it is ever a good idea to legislate in the heat of the moment. Cases like this are most susceptible to the laws of unintended consequences. As we broaden the reach of law enforcement, and as we broaden the application of penalties, we as elected officials have an equal obligation to keep from unnerving the people we are trying to protect. We have no idea what kind of mistakes will be made, or whose rights will be infringed, when this bill is implemented. It will be critically important for law enforcement officials of all types to keep in mind the responsibilities to protect the citizens that go along with the kind of broad new powers we are bestowing on them.  Likewise, we have to recognize the dangers of internal hatred and anger. If there is one thing we can conclude from recent tragedies, it is this: We must remain vigilant against extremism of all types. These are forces that may be motivated by legitimate feelings of frustration with the Government. But there are very clear lines that we must not cross. Our system of Government is geared toward discourse and debate; if we lose the ability to air out our differences through honest debate, and if we cannot agree to disagree when we have to, the entire country will suffer. We all have a responsibility to zealously defend our collective rights to democratic government.  To this end, I feel strongly that all of us--politicians, activists, citizens--have a contribution to make toward maintaining civil discourse. We can improve the environment dramatically by simply toning down the rhetoric. If we are going to protect constitutional democracy and our rights as citizens to express our opinions, we have to learn to respect each other as people.  Finally, Madam President, I would like to add a comment regarding the amendment offered by the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Biden. He rightfully pointed out that this legislation takes on an issue that is far too complicated to resolve here: habeas corpus reform. This is the wrong time and the wrong bill on which to attempt to resolve a debate that has raged in this country for years. As I said before, I believe it is unwise to legislate in the heat of the moment. By including the limits on habeas corpus in this bill, the majority is doing just that. I believe the Senate should instead have a thorough, thoughtful debate about habeas corpus independent of this legislation. It is simply too important to run through the Senate on a bill narrowly targeting antiterrorism activities.  Therefore, I support the Biden amendment. While it is obvious the votes are not there to postpone the debate over habeas corpus to a later time, at least the point has been made on the Senate floor.  Madam President, I hope my remarks are persuasive in pointing out the dilemmas in passing this legislation. While we can take comfort knowing this bill strengthens the hand of law enforcement to aggressively pursue terrorists, none of us should take comfort in what it might mean for innocents caught in the middle as the antiterrorism effort intensifies. I support S. 735 with some reluctance, and sincerely hope that authorities will use their new powers as judiciously as the spirit of freedom implores.  Madam President, on Monday, June 5, the Senate adopted by a vote of 90-0 an amendment by the Senator from California, Senator Feinstein, to require the use of taggants to mark materials used in the construction of explosives. I was unavoidably detained, and therefore not present for that vote. I apologize to the leaders for my absence; had I been present, I would have voted ``aye'' on the Feinstein amendment. If there is one straight-forward thing we can do to help law enforcement investigate bombings, it is requiring the use of taggants.  