 President, this morning I rise with my colleague from Washington, Senator Gorton, to offer an amendment to the Interstate Transportation of Municipal Solid Waste Act of 1995.  Let me begin by saying that I appreciate the attempts the managers of this bill have made to accommodate the wide array of waste management systems there are around the country. My colleagues from Connecticut, Florida, Virginia, Delaware, and most recently, from Vermont have found ways to amend this legislation so that the uniqueness of their local systems is recognized within the scope of this legislation. Senator Gorton and I want to ensure that Washington's communities have the same latitude to continue progressively implementing solid waste management systems.  Washington's municipal solid waste management system is a good one. All municipal waste systems comply with the States' comprehensive waste management plan. This plan delegates authority over solid waste management to the State's counties, cities, and towns. These entities, in turn, manage public systems or contract with private industries to handle all municipal solid waste and recycling.  The specifics of each system differ, from county to county, and from county to city, and from city to town; but all share the common elements of minimizing costs and adhering to the State's mandated recycling goals.  In Washington, according to our State plan, local governments manage solid waste, including recyclables, by way of an integrated system of facilities. The city of Seattle, King County, Spokane County, Snohomish County, Clark County, and Okanogan County, and other jurisdictions use flow control authority in their systems. In this arrangement, the interplay between county ordinances, town and city ordinances, health district regulations, local agreements, and private contracts all play a role.  Although the Supreme Court's decision sent a new wave of insecurity about the future rippling through the public sectors of waste management, Washington State actually began thinking about these issues long ago. We have set a progressive waste management agenda for ourselves that has been nationally heralded and emulated.  In 1989, while I was a State senator, we embraced the growing crisis over solid waste management when we passed the Waste Not Washington Act. Among other things, this plan established the statewide goal of 50 percent recycling. Now, we have the lowest cost recycling systems in the country and the lowest cost disposal systems in the Pacific Northwest.  In Washington State, we are on the cutting edge of recycling. Let me give a few examples of what this means in terms of the waste stream. Statewide, we recycle 56 percent of all newspaper, 57 percent of high grade paper, 52 percent of cardboard, 50 percent of all yard waste, and about 73 percent of all metals.  The city of Seattle's residential recycling rate was 48 percent in 1993. The commercial recycling rate was 45 percent. Eighty-three percent of all newspapers are recycled in Seattle, as is 70 percent of all cardboard, 77 percent of all high grade paper, 68 percent mixed paper, 70 percent of all aluminum, and over 50 percent of all glass recycled.  Curbside programs are currently available to over 70 percent of Washington State's population; and in urban counties and cities, there is almost 100 percent available curbside recycling. The city of Seattle has had a curbside recycling program since 1987.  Not only does Washington State exceed current national standards, it is well beyond the targets of this bill.  The ways we got there were by allowing local communities the flexibility to establish the waste systems they needed. In the future, attaining our recycling goal of 50 percent will depend on the ability to continue managing our waste systems as well as we do now.  Our amendment is for Washington. It would ensure that Washington's counties, towns, and cities will be able to meet the commitments they made when they understood that flow control was a legitimate power.  Millions of dollars' worth of bonds, issued for facility development, could be defaulted upon if Washington's local communities lose the ability to service their waste management debts due to the loss of flexibility to guarantee a reliable waste stream.  In Washington, many communities have issued municipal bonds to pay for the construction of solid waste facilities. These bonds are outstanding. The committee's substitute only partially protects the commitments in communities like these.  In Snohomish County, for instance, improvements to the system were financed through a combination of revenue bonds and general obligation bonds. These debts were assumed with the expectation that solid waste revenues would be used to service them. As of 1995, Snohomish County has issued $26.7 million in general obligation bonds, scheduled to be paid back by 2007. As the bill is currently written, only the revenue bonds of Snohomish could be paid back.  The burdens of these debts will fall on the users of the system--the taxpayers. As we at the Federal level of Government are shifting more and more financial responsibility on local governments, restricting the ability of local governments to manage their solid waste systems is not a good solution.  As it is written, this bill steps all over the jurisdictions of our local authorities. It will raise taxes. It will ruin one of the most effective recycling programs in the Nation, and it will throw many communities in our State into financial jeopardy. This one-size-fits-all approach will not work.  Our amendment is within the scope of this bill--it only grandfathers existing systems and facilities. We do not ask for any extension of the sunset of flow control.  I encourage the passage of this amendment, and in turn, the passage of this legislation.  I yield the floor.  