 President, the Federal Government is now in its third day of shutdown, and just like 3 days ago, there certainly is no end in sight and it seems like we in Congress are destined to flounder for a couple of more days because the majority is insisting on debating a continuing resolution that the President has vowed he will veto.  Listening to the rhetoric of the last hour it seems to me this is more about putting somebody into somebody's face than it is about solving problems. It seems like it is more about drawing lines in the sand and calling names than it is in making sure that this country gets moving again.  I have to ask the question, why are we doing this? Why are we not putting together a proposal that we can all agree on, that will get the Government running again, restore public services, and put people back to work?  I heard my colleague from Vermont a short time ago say it does not take 15 pages of paper with a lot of additions. It only takes one sentence to get us back to work again.  I have to remind my colleagues the American people are tired and impatient. They want solutions, not politics and rhetoric. They want to know that Government works for them. They want to feel secure and have faith in their elected officials.  Unfortunately today they are probably watching us in disbelief. They cannot believe we are unable to solve the country's problems.  That concerns me. I want to move forward. I want Congress to get its act together and balance this budget. And the longer we take to do so, the more disaffected our constituents become. We just reinforce in their minds the belief that Congress is unaware of their real needs and concerns. They look at us and they say, ``How can those people really understand how difficult it is for me to pay the rent, put food on the table for my kids, or take care of my elderly parents? All they can do in DC is whine and squabble about where they sat on an airplane.''  As we muse about Presidential politics and other hi-jinks, we better not forget what this Government shutdown really means. We have all heard the numbers. We know that 30,000 people a day are unable to apply for Medicare. And we know this Government shutdown is costing us $200 million a day in lost productivity.  But the shutdown comes a little closer to home when we put human faces on those numbers. One woman, an attorney from Seattle, called my office yesterday. She is trying to adopt a child in China. For months she has been filling out paperwork and dealing with bureaucratic redtape.  She finally got her plane ticket but because the United States Consulate in China is closed, she cannot get her baby's visa. So she was forced to postpone her trip.  She has no idea when she will finally be united with her new baby daughter. She is a real person. And she is hurting because of what we are doing on this floor.  Last weekend I was in central Washington for the opening of the Yakima Valley Veterans Center. Many of the people I talked to wanted to celebrate the opening of the new center, but because of the pending Government shutdown they were too worried about whether or not they were going to receive their veterans benefits. Today's Spokesman-Review paper ran an article about a young man in Spokane, WA, who quit a stable computer-based job to take his dream job. He was going to become a physical fitness director aboard a cruise ship. The young man was offered the job unexpectedly on November 4. He scrambled to get his paperwork taken care of and a passport in time to sail by November 25.  Unfortunately, this Government is shut down. He cannot get his passport and time is growing short.  I want to read that young man's words into the Record. They could not be more to the point. He said:       This is a dream in my heart that finally manifested. The      Government is getting in the way of people's dreams. I've got      airplane tickets. Everything is settled. Everything but this      last hurdle.  These few people provide just a few examples of what a Government shutdown really means. They are angry and concerned. They have bills to pay, families to care for, business to conduct, and dreams to fulfill. Instead, we are telling them, ``not now.''  So, Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to act wisely. Let us move on. Let us put together an honest and reasonable continuing resolution that will get this country back on track.  My view is pretty straightforward. As a Member of the Budget Committee and the Appropriations Committee I know I have a job to do. The job is to pass a budget plan and 13 appropriations bills. So far, this Congress has done neither. In fact, just yesterday the House failed to pass the Interior bill for the third time. There are five other bills that have not even made it to this floor yet.  Instead of getting our work done, we are debating a bill we know will be vetoed. It will be vetoed because it stacks the deck against working families and senior citizens in favor of unneeded tax breaks. We are not moving the process forward one bit; we are ensuring that it will go nowhere.  I say it is time to get our work done. We can balance the budget. We can stay true to our priorities. And we can do it without interrupting the lives of regular, everyday people in our States.  All we need to do is pass a clean interim spending bill and then get on with our business of finishing the overall budget.  I yield the floor.  