 President, I rise today in opposition to the Senator from Oklahoma, and in support of civil servants' full access to reproductive health care, including abortion services.  The other body has recently taken a major step backward for women throughout this country. In its version of the fiscal year 1996 Treasury-Postal appropriations bill, the House denied all civil servants the right to chose health insurance programs that provide abortion services.  By reversing previous congressional action providing full access to reproductive health services for women in Government, the House has once again cast a long shadow over a woman's right to sovereignty over her own body. I believe this action was wrong, and I believe the U.S. Senate has a responsibility to take a much more thoughtful approach to making major policy shifts in the appropriations process.  Civil servants, like most Americans, obtain their health care services through their employment. Like me and many people I know, they personally pay a part of their insurance premiums, and their employer--in this case the Government--pays the balance. I believe these people, like most Americans, should be able to choose their own insurance, and use any of the services offered by that insurance.  Civil servants are no different than any other American; why should they be treated differently with their health insurance. They are regular people: The air traffic controller, the bridge engineer, the customs agent, secretaries, maintenance workers. These are regular Americans, and probably our neighbors.  Mr. President, most private sector working people have ready access to reproductive health services. Major insurers such as Aetna, Kaiser Permanente, and Blue Cross/Blue Shield provide this coverage. I believe women who work in the Government should have the same choices in health coverage enjoyed by women in the private sector. Aside from being a matter of consumer choice, access to reproductive services is the law of the land, and should apply even within Government and without.  This is not a shocking or unreasonable position. There is broad support within the Federal work force--and more importantly, within the country--for consumer choice in health insurance. Every union representing Federal employees has endorsed access to abortion services in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program.  There are 9 million Americans covered by the program, including at least 1.2 million women in the prime of their lives. These women rely on the program; it is their only source of health insurance protection. They, like every other woman in America, are entitled to make their own choices about whether and when to bear a child. As I said, that choice is a fundamental constitutional right.  The other body is once again trying to turn the health care choices of women in Government into a political football. This is micromanagement of the worse kind, and it is wrong. The U.S. Congress should not be making reproductive health choices for Federal workers. Nor should it discriminate against Federal workers who choose to have an abortion.  By denying women employees health coverage for abortion services, Congress would be doing just that. It would force female workers and their families to purchase separate insurance to cover reproductive health services. This would amount to a major wage reduction, and worse, it would be discriminatory.  Mr. President, the suggestion of the Senator from Oklahoma that we reject the committee amendments in this case is not a reasonable one for women, whether they are in Government or not. The action of the House represents a major policy shift.  Two years ago, the Congress voted to give civil servants the choice. Millions of workers and thousands of families have since made health care decisions based on that action. If we backtrack now, we will throw these families into uncertainty once again about their options for health care, family planning, and household finances. Haven't we gotten beyond this?  I have heard on this floor over and over again this year that people know best; that families know best; that Government needs to get out of people's lives. I could not agree more. Why is it then, that some in this Chamber continue to insist on injecting the Federal Government into people's personal lives, into their bedrooms, and into their health care decisions?  Let me conclude with a personal story. My personal awakening to the abortion issue came when I was in college. Back then--and it was not that long ago--abortion was not legal. A friend of mine was date-raped, and she became pregnant. Wracked with fear, she was forced to have a back-alley abortion. The damage done to her during that procedure has prevented her from ever having children. I want to ensure that no other woman in this country, including my own daughter, has that experience.  I urge my colleagues to support the committee amendments, and reject a motion to table.  I yield my time back to the Senator from Maryland.  