 Serving the special interests who are up here writing legislation. Giving Goliath an advantage. And that is the wrong way.  I am hopeful that we will be able to work on a budget over the coming days, which keeps us on the right path.  I look across the aisle to Members of your party, and I see true champions of certain causes, and I have been pleased to support many of them in their efforts.  The distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee, the Senator from New Mexico, has always been a forceful advocate for funding mental health programs, and he has always looked out for Federal workers.  Madam President, I am proud to serve on his committee with Senators who have provided real leadership and hope to the American people on many issues.  I know that my friend from Maine, who is presiding over the Senate at this moment, has been stalwart on women's health issues. Senator Grassley from Iowa has spent years defending the family farmer. My friend from Missouri, Senator Bond, has displayed real leadership by keeping programs like HOPWA from the rescissions axe. These are my Republican colleagues on the Budget Committee, and I am proud to serve with them. I have supported all of these efforts in the past, and I will continue to do so in this Congress.  So I hope that some of our colleagues on your side of the aisle, Madam President, will look with favor on programs that are important to me, especially the education of our children, both in their early years and in gaining access to college and vocational programs.  For my State, there are other important budget issues before us: The cleanup of Hanford Nuclear Reservation and the funding of the Eximbank; impact aid for educating the children of our men and women in uniform; help for fishers and timber workers who have been dislocated, and all programs that ease anxiety and restore hope.  Madam President, I know firsthand how much hope is needed out there. I know firsthand how much harm this budget will do to average Americans.  I am one of the millions of ordinary Americans who is worried about her elderly parents. I am one of the millions of average people who wants her children to be able to go to college. I am one of the people out there driving to work every day and just trying to juggle the pressures of everyday life for myself and my family.  But, Madam President, this budget adds to the pressure. It does so much harm to working people--I find it incredible that it cuts the earned income tax credit so severely. I find it incredible that this budget raises the taxes on our working families. Let average Americans make no mistake about it--Republicans are increasing taxes on working families.  In Washington State alone, this budget means an average tax increase of $1,400 over 7 years on nearly 180,000 working families.  I am a product of the Western United States. I was born in Washington State. I grew up there. I am one of seven children who learned from our parents that we should always pull ourselves up by our own bootstraps. But this budget steals our shoelaces.  So I plan to offer amendments on the floor, Madam President, that move this budget in restoring some common sense.  I will offer one amendment on impact aid, and I will offer another one to protect children from drastic cuts in Medicaid.  And, Madam President, let me make this clear, these are not frivolous amendments. They have been drafted carefully and I hope that they do pass. It is not my intention to embarrass anybody. My amendments are sincere attempts to improve this budget, and they reflect my highest priorities, for I believe we have the chance today to outline clearly our priorities for this Nation.  Each of us was sent to the Senate to serve the country and to articulate the specific concerns of our friends and neighbors at home.  So let me conclude here with just a few words of caution. No one doubts the need to put our fiscal house in order. But what I fear the most is that it will be done with an eye only toward today, without considering the consequences for tomorrow.  Deficit reduction is not an economic policy in and of itself. And under today's cut, cut, cut mantra, I cannot allow us to forget the word ``compassion.''  I worry that slash and burn politics will override common sense and fairness, especially for our children.  We are looking here today at the Wizard of Oz budget: No heart, no brain, no courage, and no home. And there is too much at stake.  At a fast and furious pace these days, polls tell us what Americans believe about an issue before they have even had time to really make up their minds about it.  I caution my friends--before you impose draconian Medicare and Medicaid cuts on the most vulnerable members of our society--do not be too hasty to legislate based on the shifting sands of current political popularity.  Let us keep things in perspective, Madam President, and let us remember the little guy.  Let us talk about priorities and plans, not just cuts and contracts. Let us use this budget process to restore hope, to ease anxiety, and to make the future brighter for average Americans. I look forward to this debate.  Thank you, Madam President.  