 President.  I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for this amendment.  As I sit here and listen to this debate today, I cannot help but wonder how many of our colleagues depended upon financial aid to advance their education and build the foundation for their careers. This is a highly educated body. And judging from the vast array of degrees that are conferred upon my colleagues, I would have guessed that many were dependent upon Federal assistance to finish their schooling.  However, the proposal to eliminate $10.8 billion in student loans forces me to question whether any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle ever relied on financial aid to get an education. I can tell you I would not be here today without Federal assistance that made my college education possible.  I will also tell you that working families will be the hardest hit by this gutting of our student loan program. These middle-income families often do not qualify for full scholarships and cannot afford to pay full tuition, particularly when $20,000 a year for tuition is today's norm in higher education. Why sacrifice our Nation's future by limiting educational opportunities for young people?  This bill could have targeted the student loan industry, but instead 63 percent of the bill's student loan cuts fall directly on students and their parents. Take for example the increased rates on PLUS loans that are taken out by parents. I can tell you as a parent of two children entering the post-secondary world, I am concerned that families across this land will find these new loans out of reach. This aid is particularly important to those families without enough equity in their homes to take out a tax-deductible home equity loan.  Mr. President, I am extremely concerned with the proposal to eliminate a small, but very important, element to those entering our work force. All of us realize the difficult challenges facing today's college graduate. The limited prospects of employment, coupled with financial independence, on top of an already mounting educational debt put many of our graduates today in fiscal hardship before they are ever able to contribute back to our society.  To help these individuals during this difficult time, we have provided a 6-month grace period on their loan once they finish school. This is not loan forgiveness. It does not lead to increased deficits or defaults. It simply provides a new college graduate a few months to find a job and begin the process of becoming a contributing member of our society.  Some say this is a minor provision, appreciated by few students. I will tell you, at the University of Washington, in Seattle alone, 12,000 students will feel the impact of this grace period. It means $2.4 million to those students.  Finally, Mr. President, let us discuss a program that is working. The direct loan program is producing enormous benefits for all. In a recent survey, 112 campuses using the direct lending program were polled, and 90 percent reported satisfaction with the program.  During this academic year more than 1,350 schools are making borrowing easier for their students through the direct loan program. It is praised by students and college presidents alike for its speed, efficiency, and lack of bureaucracy. Why are we capping this success at 20 percent of total loan volume when we know it works? Let us give direct lending a chance to work for our schools and its students.  Mr. President, these cuts in our student loan programs are not economic savings. They are only going to shortchange our country's future. When we sacrifice our next work force for the sake of quick economic savings, we all mortgage our economic prosperity. The cuts in student loans are a direct impact to every single working family who wants to know that their child will be able to go on to college in this country that we are so proud of.  Mr. President, I yield back my time to the Senator from Massachusetts.  