 President, the level of funding for EPA and the legislative riders contained in this bill mean one thing for the citizens of our Nation: a lower quality of life. To a large degree, the quality of our lives depends on the integrity of our environment; the quality of the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the soil we farm and live on. For the last 25 years EPA has set out to improve and guarantee the quality of life for all Americans by cleaning up our air, water, and soil and keeping them clean. But with inadequate funding and congressionally mandated caveats and barriers, our people and our environment will no longer be adequately protected.  We all need water to live. We are, in fact, 60 percent water ourselves. Clean water is essential to our survival. But riders in this bill would prevent EPA from protecting Americans from drinking water contaminants that are known to be harmful. Because of this bill, the public will continue to be exposed to contaminants like arsenic, radon, and the microbe cryptosporidium.  Arsenic is a known carcinogen. The current arsenic rule, implemented in 1942, poses a 1 in 50 cancer risk--10,000 times worse than is generally considered acceptable. By preventing EPA from issuing a final arsenic rule, this bill will allow over 30 million Americans to continue to drink arsenic-laced drinking water every day.  The same is true of radon. Drinking water containing radioactive radon is known to cause cancer. Controlling radon in drinking water will prevent hundreds of cancers. Over 40 million people will continue to drink radon-contaminated water unless EPA is allowed to act.  In 1994, a cryptosporidium outbreak in a contaminated well in Walla Walla, WA, sickened or hospitalized dozens of people. A groundwater disinfection rule would likely have prevented this outbreak. But this bill would prohibit EPA from requiring any groundwater to be treated to kill parasites.  We also need clean air to breathe. But this bill requires EPA to reevaluate the standards it has imposed on the oil refinery industry to utilize the Most Available Control Technology [MACT] to control emissions from valves and pumps. These leaks account for as much as one-half of total refinery emissions. Industry requested this rider because they believe that emissions have been overestimated. However, the estimated emissions of toxic pollutants from a medium-sized refinery are 240 tons per year, almost 10 times greater than the minimum statutory definition of a ``major source'' of toxic air pollution subject to the same control measures. It seems unlikely that EPA has made such a tremendous overestimation of emissions.  Finally, Mr. President, the report accompanying this bill contains a provision that will certainly delay cleanup of a Superfund landfill in my State of Washington. This landfill is located on the Tulalip Indian Reservation in an estuary of Puget Sound and is disgorging contaminants directly into the sound. The language in this report directs EPA to do more studies and engage in more discussion in the hopes the agency will not implement its presumptive remedy of capping the site. While I agree that the cost to these powerful PRP's might be high, the cost to the people who live around the sound, or eat fish from the sound, or recreate in the Sound is much higher. I have tried to get the committee or the provision's sponsor to insert language that forced the PRP's and EPA to act quickly to stop this seeping mess, but I was not entirely successful. The sponsor promises this will not delay cleanup and that these studies and discussions will be completed within fiscal year 1996. I, and the people who want a clean Puget Sound, can only hope that is the case.  Mr. President, we must remain committed to improving and protecting the quality of life for the citizens of our Nation. This means protecting the environment. I urge my colleagues to support efforts to increase funding for EPA and to strip the legislative riders from this bill.  