 President, I stand here today concerned, anxious, and worried. Along with all Americans, we have nervously waited as this budget impasse puts every citizen in a precarious situation.  It seems incredible to me on a day where the Government is shut down and the budget is in crisis we are on the floor of the Senate debating a major giveaway to foreign oil companies. I must say that I am deeply concerned that in the midst of a national catastrophe we may pass legislation that begins another national crisis.  I know that not all of my colleagues understand the ramifications of S. 395. I realize that many feel this is an Alaskan issue and, because of that, some have questioned my intense interest in this issue. For nearly 2 days this past spring I held the Senate floor expressing my dissatisfaction with this bill. I often stood alone. But in the end several of my colleagues came forward to express concerns of their own. All of the arguments raised on each side of this issue are, unfortunately, based on assumptions, and that remains the crux of our problem in this debate. Those in favor of exporting Alaskan North Slope oil say it will increase production, promote jobs, and raise revenues for the State of Alaska. These are positive possibilities that certainly help my neighboring State of Alaska, and if the impact of exporting that oil stops within Alaska's boundaries, I would have wholeheartedly accepted this legislation and would have wished my neighbor success. However, that additional income for a few of our citizens must be weighed by a body charged with addressing the concerns of an entire nation.  After 8 months of intense scrutiny of this issue, I am still convinced that the exporting of American oil can only lead to job losses, price increases, a dependence on foreign oil, and great environmental risks.  I know that my colleagues from Alaska can show stunning charts that predict differently. However, these are merely predictions. We do not know that tankers heading to Asia with Alaskan oil will not stay in Asia for ship repair. This means 5,000 jobs within our region and $160 million in annual employment income--more than half of the marine industry's west coast employment.  We do not know that Alaskan oil, once bound for independent refineries within Puget Sound will now steer for Far-Eastern markets throwing 2,000 refinery workers out on the streets. We do not know that exports of our oil will not lead to price increases at the pump for our citizens.  And perhaps most importantly to me and the millions of residents of Washington State that live, play, and work along the beautiful waters of Puget Sound and the Strait of Juan de Fuca, we have no guarantee that exporting U.S. oil will not lead to increased oil imports on environmentally risky, foreign ships. The Coast Guard rates as high risk one half of the current foreign tanker fleet that carries crude through Puget Sound.  This is why I have stood for so long. I have remained stubborn and angered some of my colleagues for concerns that I truly believe outweigh the benefits garnered by a single State.  I was able to include several amendments that I thought would attempt to address these concerns. Knowing that a Senate cloture vote was impossible, I relented on this legislation with the assurance that my amendments would be included. These amendments included a thorough GAO study that examines job, price, and environmental changes before oil exports may begin. I was also able to include language that mandated an escort vessel, dedicated at the entry to Washington State waters and available 24 hours a day to assist tankers that have run adrift.  For the first time, we had created legislation that proactively fought oilspills. This amendment would have prevented the spill before it occurred rather than focusing on the millions spent on cleanup of these spills once the damage is done.  Unfortunately, even this was too much for House conferees concerned more with overmanagement of the Coast Guard rather than the protection of our fragile coast. The current language adopted by the House mandates a 15-month plan that would implement a private-sector tug-of-opportunity system. This system utilizes current vessels already in operation, coordinated to provide timely emergency response to vessels in distress. It also directs the Coast Guard commandant to work with the Canadian Government in implementing this plan and making available Coast Guard equipment for purposes of response.  I am pleased that this language incorporates the private industry. I applaud the proactive segments of this community who came forward to seek a compromised solution. Our intent was never to tax cargo and grain shippers, but to impose a fee on those who stand to gain millions from these oil exports--the oil companies themselves. This new amendment does clarify that U.S. shippers will not be taxed and their continued desire to meet these environmental concerns is commendable.  I still feel this language does not go far enough, though. I am concerned that without a dedicated vessel at one location, the availability of an operating tug may put them out of reach of the distressed vessel. I am also concerned that once that tug reaches the distressed tanker, it may not have the capability to tow that large vessel, or in the least hold it from running aground.  Sadly, we may not know the answers to all of these questions until oil is exported, foreign tankers are moving through our waters and we experience a major oilspill. None of us, particularly my colleagues from Alaska, ever want to relive the Valdez situation. None of us want oil on our hands under our watch. When and where it will happen remains the paramount question. I only hope that all in this body can head home at night knowing that we did all within our power to decrease that risk. The White House has committed to me that they will proactively seek out these risks, even before the 15-month study expires. They are prepared to conduct hearings in the State that address these issues and will enter into the Record a letter from the White House stating these actions. I appreciate that commitment and hope I can count on the Alaskan leadership to do all that they can to meet these environmental concerns before exports begin.  I realize that I can stand again for 2 days or 2 weeks and try to delay this legislation. However, I am a realist who knows that this legislation could be attached to reconciliation without amendments, and I understand that the votes to stop these exports that were there for decades have now been reversed. I only ask my colleagues to try to understand some of the logic that has motivated the debate to export oil. It is truly in our national interest to produce our own oil, and if we agree that the North Slope of Alaska has a finite amount of oil left, why must we send our oil overseas and more quickly dry up our own wells? There are certainly projected increases, but to whose benefit?--executives of British Petroleum and car owners in Tokyo.  Further, it will only lead us closer and much more quickly to the opening of ANWR. More U.S. oil can be expected to be exported, and will again pit profits of international interests against environmental concerns.  I ask everyone to consider the implications of exporting our oil: the policy implications, job risks, price concerns, and environmental risks. If you truly believe that these questions pale in comparison to the profits of a very few, then support 395. Otherwise, vote with a clear conscience that errs on the side of people and the world we are entrusted to protect. I urge my colleagues to vote against this conference report.  Again, Mr. President, I must say that it does seem very disconcerting to me when my office phones are ringing off the hook with my constituents who are saying this Government is shut down, it is hurting me, and it is hurting our country. It is not the right direction that we are standing in front of this body debating a bill that will benefit an oil company, a special interest.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  