 President, thank you.  Mr. President, I rise in support of the Leahy-Kassebaum amendment on funding for international family planning programs and against the House position to cut and restrict family planning aid.  I want to commend my colleague from Maine, Senator Snowe, for the excellent statement which she just made on the subject.  The House position, which we should all vote to reject, is a wolf in sheep's clothing. It pretends to be anti-abortion. But in fact, it is anti-family planning and does not affect the question of abortion funding at all.  In addition, the House position pretends to address the horrendous problem of forced abortions in the People's Republic of China--in the guise of trying to solve that terrible problem by denying United States support for the United Nations Population Fund.  Mr. President, the debate surrounding UNFPA began over a decade ago during the Reagan administration. Foes of UNFPA claimed then, as they do today, that the United States should withdraw support for UNFPA because of the fund's presence in China, where there have been persistent reports of government sanctioned forced abortions.  Mr. President, there is no question that the Chinese do many things that I abhor. Forcing women to have abortions or forcing individuals to undergo sterilization is a gross violation of human rights and should be condemned by our Government at the highest level.  Likewise, the killing of female infants in China is widespread and repugnant--and appears to often go unpunished by Chinese officials.  But it would be illogical--and counterproductive--for the United States to pull out of those international agencies that give aid to children in China because the horrific practice of female infanticide plagues that nation.  So why should we ask UNFPA to carry the sins of China on its shoulders when it comes to the question of family planning?  The facts have never supported this approach.  When the question of UNFPA funding was first debated during the Reagan administration, officials under President Reagan investigated the issue and found--and I quote from an AID document from that time--that ``UNFPA is a benevolent factor in China which works to decrease the incidence of coercive abortion'' in China by providing effective family planning services. That same Reagan administration investigation found absolutely ``no evidence'' that UNFPA participated in or supported in any way China's coercive family planning practices.  Sadly, caught up in the pro-life politics of the time, UNFPA was nonetheless defunded by President Reagan. President Clinton has since resumed U.S. support for this agency, and therein lie the roots of today's debate.  Through all of this, however, the facts have been clear--that UNFPA has been part of the solution in China, by helping to reduce the incidence of abortion in that country and others by providing high quality voluntary family planning services.  UNFPA's goal is to eliminate the need for abortions. They do so by providing maternal and child health care and voluntary family planning services. These are the kinds of programs that are unquestionably the most effective means of preventing abortion. And the majority of UNFPA's assistance goes towards projects in these areas.  In addition to targeting UNFPA funding for elimination, the House position seeks to reinstate language similar to what used to be called the Mexico City policy.  The House-adopted language is broad and ambiguous. It will impose a gag rule on foreign nongovernmental family planning organizations--denying those organizations U.S. support if they provide certain services--not limited to abortion--with their non-U.S. funds.  For example, in Russia, where abortion is legal, the United States currently provides humanitarian aid to help local family planning clinics deliver better services to women. Years ago, the United States determined this to be a priority within our Russian aid program because of the tragically high abortion rate for Russian women who, lacking family planning services, often have as many as 10 or 12 abortions over their life time.  If, however, we adopt the House language, we may be prevented from helping Russian family planning clinics simply because those clinics are affiliated with Russian hospitals where abortions are performed.  This would be making a bad situation worse--pulling support from clinics that are doing their best with scarce resources to provide alternatives to abortion for so many desperate Russian women.  So the House language is double trouble--targeting UNFPA, the world's largest source of voluntary family planning services, as well as the hundreds of smaller local family planning providers around the developing world.  Ironically, by denying support for so many organizations that provide quality family planning services, the House language might well have the unintended effect of increasing the incidence of abortion in China and elsewhere.  As has been pointed out by others during this debate, the foreign operations conference report continues the longstanding policy of banning the use of U.S. funds for abortions overseas. That ban, commonly known as the Helms Amendment, has been a part of the permanent foreign aid statute since 1973 and remains unchanged in the committee's bill.  Further, the conference report prohibits the use of U.S. funds for abortion lobbying.  In addition, UNFPA's own position on abortion provides additional safeguards. UNFPA does not, and never has, supported abortions or abortion-related services in any country in which it operates.  According to the UNFPA's governing Council, it is ``the policy of the UNFPA . . . not to provide assistance for abortion, abortion services, or abortion-related equipment and supplies as a method of family planning.''  So the real question facing the Senate today is this: The conference report is already stringently anti-abortion. But if we adopt the House language, thereby disqualifying the most tried and true family planning organizations from receiving U.S. support, do we really want to make this bill anti-family planning as well?  Let me take a minute to review for my colleagues why U.S. support for voluntary family planning is so important.  While childbirth anywhere carries certain risks, in the developing world mothers face grave statistics. In Africa, for example, 1 out of every 21 women will die as a result of pregnancy or childbirth, making the African woman 200 times more likely to die as a result of bearing her children than a European woman.  The kinds of programs provided by UNFPA and other voluntary family planning organizations can prevent many of these maternal deaths.  So when we support family planning aid, we are supporting those women and families across the developing world who seek the means to space their births and avoid high-risk pregnancies.  Equally important, when we support family planning aid, we are increasing the chances that child survival rates will increase across the developing world.  We know that babies born in quick succession, to a mother whose body has not yet recovered from a previous birth, are the least likely to survive. Voluntary family planning programs seek to support child survival efforts, and help women understand the vital link between child survival and family planning.  So as I noted in my earlier remarks, the House language will do nothing to prevent abortions in China or elsewhere. But it will prevent vital health services from being delivered to women and children in the world's poorest nations.  I urge my colleagues to remember what is really at stake here. This is a public health issue, and an extremely serious one.  Family planning saves lives. Experts estimate that the lives of 5.6 million children and 200,000 women could be saved every year if all the women who wanted to limit their families had access to family planning.  I ask my colleagues to really think about those statistics--5.6 million children and 200,000 women each year.  So when we debate this issue of whether to support voluntary family planning programs like UNFPA and others, let us keep this debate focused squarely where it belongs--on the world's young women, who struggle against impossible odds to better their lives, and who desperately need reproductive health care services.  Let us keep this debate squarely focused on the young mothers around the world, who have small children or babies and need family planning assistance to ensure that they do not become pregnant again too quickly--endangering their own lives and that of their babies and young children.  Let us keep this debate squarely focused on the thousands of women in poor nations who, lacking access to reproductive health care, resort to self-induced abortions and, too often, tragically lose their lives. Experts estimate that at least half a million women will die from pregnancy-related causes, roughly 200,000 from illegal abortions which are prevented when women have family planning services.  The issues of refunding UNFPA and the Mexico City policy came before Congress again and again when Presidents Bush and Reagan were in office. Congress repeatedly voted for the United States to resume UNFPA funding, and to reject Mexico City-like restrictions on our family planning program.  So let us move on to the task of ensuring that women in the developing world have access to the kinds of reproductive health services they deserve. Let us adopt the Leahy-Kassebaum amendment.  I yield back the floor.  