 President, I am proud to join my colleagues in offering this important resolution to designate October 19, 1995 as ``National Mammography Day.'' I am pleased to support this effort to set aside 1 day in the midst of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month to increase awareness about the best method of reducing the breast cancer mortality rate--early detection by mammography.  This frightening disease has taken the lives of far too many women, including many of my own friends. It is one of the leading killers of women--claiming the lives of more than 46,000 women each year. Breast cancer is a growing public health problem in this Nation, and a great threat to women's health.  We can all agree that more must be done to educate us about the risks, prevention and treatment of breast cancer. I also believe we must be vigilant in supporting continued research on breast cancer, and clear up the mixed messages that women receive about ways to protect themselves from this disease.  But, there is one indisputable fact that is very clear: early detection by mammography saves women's lives. Mammograms can detect 90 to 95 percent of all breast cancers and is the most reliable method of detection. In addition, and perhaps the most tragic feature of this disease--9 out of 10 women could survive breast cancer if detected early and treated properly.  Mr. President, there is no question that education and awareness are some of our best tools for fighting this disease; combined with continued research and treatment breakthroughs. This day is critical in our efforts to win the battle against breast cancer. We owe it to our mothers; our daughters; our sisters; our neighbors and our friends to get the word out--early detection can save your life. And we must not let our efforts diminish; every month should be Breast Cancer Awareness Month.  I would like to thank my colleagues for expressing their commitment to saving women's lives, and for paying particular attention to raising awareness about the importance of mammography. I encourage all of you to support this resolution, and help us protect women from the tragedy of breast cancer.  