 President, I rise to speak against the pending bill to increase the debt limit.  I think it is fair to say this session of Congress has been as partisan as any in history. We have had a lot of disagreement, and there have been a lot of games. Fortunately, in this Chamber, there have been occasional demonstrations of rational bipartisan consensus. I am pleased when that happens, because it means we are taking care of the peoples' business.  Well, if there is one issue that should be above partisanship, it the Federal debt limit. This issue goes to the very core of our economy.  A couple years ago, I was a housewife and a mother living on the west coast, so I have a pretty good sense of how most people view issues like this. Most of my friends and family know this is a pretty complicated issue. They may not know how to completely explain it, but they do know it makes our economy work. And because of that, we have a responsibility as elected officials to deal with this issue clearly and decisively.  As a member of the Senate Banking Committee, I have listened to the complex issues that affect the ups and downs of our economy. The debt limit issue affects the Treasury Department's ability to buy and sell bonds, to pay interest, and to manage the economy in the most positive direction possible.  Nearly everything that happens on Wall Street, or in the real estate markets, is pegged to Government bond rates. Nearly every low-risk investment portfolio, every adjustable rate mortgage, every savings plan in the country is tied to Government bonds and interest paid on those bonds.  Every single person in this country--from the average working family, to the top-flight stock broker--has an interest in seeing this issue held above partisan bickering, and protected from the kind of political shenanigans we have seen all year long.  We should be considering a straight, clean debt limit extension to keep the economy going, and to allow the Treasury Department to meet its obligations to bond holders. But unfortunately, we are not.  We are considering a Christmas tree, Mr. President. This bill is loaded down with provisions that have nothing to do with Treasury bonds. Everyone on this floor is aware of it.  This bill has reg reform provisions, something the Senate has defeated three times before. It eliminates the Commerce Department, when export promotion is more important than ever. And it changes the law to loosen up death penalty guidelines.  What does any of this have to do with Treasury bonds and the economy? Nothing.  This bill is simply another in a long line designed solely to score partisan political points. It makes a mockery of commonsense; at best, it amounts to political extortion, wit an increasingly healthy economy held hostage. At worst, it is reckless endangerment of the national economy and the household budget.  Mr. President, it is time for us to put aside hot-button political agendas, and start focusing on solving the Nation's problems.  This Senate passed a bill to balance the budget almost 3 weeks ago. And nothing has happened since then. We have had no debate. No conferees have been appointed. No progress has been made. Why? So the majority can back us up against the debt limit, and play an elaborate political game with the President, with the economy at stake.  What happens if we pass this bill? With so much unnecessary baggage attached, this bill will be vetoed. And rightly so, in my opinion. And unless we can get our act together by Monday, the Government will default on its loans for the first time in history.  At the end of the day, the people will feel worse about Congress than ever, and with good reason. All because partisan politicians could not get together to solve problems, but had to play politics instead. It's a pretty sad scenario.  I have heard my colleagues say the Senate is the saucer that cools the cup. Well, we need a little cooling off. We need a clean debt limit extension, and then we need to return to the budget debate. In short, we need to take care of the peoples' business. But with this bill, we are not even close. I yield the floor.  