 President. It is always a pleasure to be working with my colleague from New Jersey, Senator Bradley. It is unfortunate, though, today, that what we are trying to do is to fix the Republican budget and attempt to restore the earned income tax credit.  Mr. President, this Republican budget will cut $43 billion from the earned income tax credit, and in so doing, this budget will be raising taxes on those earning less than $30,000 a year.  I have to tell you, this is totally incomprehensible to me that while the Republicans are touting this budget and all the glory of its tax cuts, they are raising taxes on hard-working American families.  Where is the logic in this? As one of my colleagues recently stated, this is nothing more than reverse Robin Hood--taking from the poor in order to pay for tax breaks for the most wealthy in America.  The impact of this proposal is astounding. The numbers are staggering. This budget will raise taxes on 17 million families across America. In my home State, low-income working families with two children will see a $452 tax increase in 2002 and a $522 tax increase in 2005.  What kind of message does this proposal send to our hard-working families? Does it provide security and hope? Or does it tell them they are on their own? Does it tell these families that are working to stay above the poverty line that we no longer reward hard work and support their efforts?  Mr. President, the EITC has always received bipartisan support because it is a commonsense tax credit. It rewards work. It provides a real incentive. It gives people the means to move from the welfare rolls to the work force.  As we all know, in 1986, Ronald Reagan praised the EITC. I remember him saying, ``It is the best antipoverty, best profamily, best job creation measure to come out of Congress.''  As in President Reagan's day, many of today's hard-working American families are trying to make end's meet, send their kids to school and provide some hope for the future. Average Americans are worried today about their jobs. They are anxious about their cost of education. And there is genuine concern out there about the costs of health care. It is astounding that the other side has chosen this time to reduce the EITC.  Mr. President, this tax increase is not a big deal to some of our colleagues here in the Senate, but, believe me, these are real increases to average Americans.  As I have said many times throughout this budget process--I will say it again now--this budget has no conscience nor provides any hope. It hurts the little guy, those who need help, those who are struggling to make a living and provide for their children, and it rewards the rich.  Taking away this tax credit adds insult to injury. The EITC keeps people off welfare. It offsets other forms of formal assistance. It gives American parents the security they need to enter the work force.  We cannot balance the budget on our working poor, our elderly and our children, and we cannot justify cutting taxes for the wealthy while increasing taxes on the poor. We should put things back in perspective and help those who really need our help.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It tells working families we are in their corner. It says we are against increasing their taxes and we are for insuring their financial security.  I commend my colleague from New Jersey and urge all of our colleagues to support this sound, commonsense amendment.  