 President, I rise to express my qualified support for the deployment of United States military personnel as part of the NATO force to implement the Bosnia peace plan.  The President has made a compelling case to the American people in support of U.S. participation in the NATO peacekeeping force. He has said that the NATO military mission will be clear, limited, and achievable; and that the risks to our troops will be minimized.  Congress has had the opportunity to go over this plan carefully, through a series of extensive briefings and hearings, which have been held over the last few weeks by at least four committees. Through this process, we have gotten answers to many of our questions, but certainly not all of them.  As the polls and phone calls reveal, the public is extremely wary about this operation. They know this is a mission with an uncertain outcome, where American sons and daughters may lose their lives. They are worried that our troops will be dragged into a civil conflict, despite our intentions to the contrary.  I have set aside extra time over the last several weeks to meet with and hear from constituents on this issue, many of whom have sons, daughters, husbands and wives likely to be deployed in Bosnia. I have listened to their fears and reservations. They are understandably worried--about landmines, snipers, civil disorder, undisciplined local factions, hostage taking, and other risks inherent in this mission.  And like most Americans, my constituents wonder aloud why the nations of Europe have not been able to solve this crisis on their own. Knowing how pressing the needs are here at home, they are weary of the constant need for American leadership abroad. Many resent the U.S. in the role of global policeman--again.  I have also met with relief workers who have been working on the ground in Bosnia, to learn from their perspective how much rebuilding lies ahead for the people of this war-torn nation. This is an extremely important issue, because the success of NATO's military mission will be measured against the gains made in the civilian sector to reestablish a viable economic and political life throughout Bosnia.  While it is important to point out that NATO's implementation force, or IFOR, will not be responsible for the conduct of humanitarian operations, the two operations will work to complement one another. But the IFOR will not be a police force, and it will not conduct nation-building. Nor will the IFOR address the numerous issues surrounding the return of refugees. Rather, IFOR's mission is simple and straightforward --to keep the peace so that civilian and political leaders have an opportunity to rebuild Bosnian society.  Our military leadership has repeatedly reassured Congress that the limited nature of this mission can be accomplished in 1 year's time, with most of the military tasks contained in the agreement accomplished in the first 6 months. After that, IFOR's role will be to maintain a climate of stability so that the civil tasks outlined in the peace agreement can take root.   In the words of Secretary Perry, the goal is to ``break the cycle of violence'' so that the civilian efforts--economic development, free elections, and the return of refugees--can have an opportunity to take hold. But regardless of what the situation looks like 1 year from now, the Secretary has said that ``we must not be drawn into a posture of indefinite garrison.''  Mr. President, it is this very limited mission that I am agreeing to with my vote today. I want to be clear--my support for this mission is qualified. I will be following developments closely in the weeks and months ahead. While I believe it is in our national interests to participate in a limited way in this operation, I feel very strongly that once we have paved the way for the Bosnian people to make peace, our role will be over and we should leave.  Yes, we can provide the opportunity for peace. But if, after a year's time, the Bosnian people themselves have not seized this chance, we should and must leave.  Having said that, I do believe that what we are about to do is incredibly important. Certainly this deployment carries risks. But I believe those risks must be measured against the promise for peace this agreement contains. The conditions are right for peace in Bosnia. And like Secretary Perry, I have concluded that the risks to the United States of allowing the war to continue are greater than the risks of enforcing the peace.  I agree with the President, our Secretaries of Defense and State, and our Nation's top military leaders. The United States has critical political, economic and security interests in Europe, and the war in Bosnia threatens those interests. The Dayton peace plan is the first opportunity we have had to end the war, and I believe we have to give it a chance.  In implementing the peace agreement, NATO will be embarking on its first land operation in history. Every NATO country with the exception of Iceland will be committing troops to this operation. The United States will contribute one-third of the necessary troops for IFOR. The British will provide 13,000 troops, the French 8,000. In addition, more than a dozen non-NATO nations have indicated a willingness to participate.  Our troops will be headquartered in Tuzla, where they will also have with them a Nordic brigade of close to 4,500 troops. 1,000 of those Nordic troops have been stationed in the Tuzla area for over a year, and will be able to provide our troops with important information on the region and its risks. Perhaps most astonishingly, there will be a Russian brigade that will be a part of the American division, numbering several thousand troops.  The NATO mission, while carefully planned and trained for by our Nation's best military leaders, faces many uncertainties. We owe our troops no less than the finest training and equipment possible, and in this regard we can take great reassurance. We know that the troops we are sending to Bosnia are strong, capable and ready. They have undergone thorough and intensive training over the past several months. They have endured very rigorous and specific exercises, unique to the situation they will face in Bosnia, including mine training and basic combat proficiencies.  American troops will be heavily armed, and will have the authority to respond with decisive force to any threat to their own safety. Our troops will take their orders from the American General who commands NATO, General George Joulwan. For his part, General Joulwan has insisted that the daily training scenarios that our troops are subjected to be increasingly demanding, so that, in his words, ``the scrimmage should be harder than the game''.  Mr. President, one thing we do know for certain is that the nations of Europe have not been able to solve this crisis over the last 4 years. In absence of any clear leadership, day after day the war deepened, becoming a festering wound in the center of Europe. A quarter of a million lives have been lost to war, ethnic cleansing, and genocide. A generation of children has been terrorized and traumatized. Thousands of elderly have been cast from their homes and turned into refugees with no place to go.  It has been American leadership that finally made a difference. American leadership generated a cease fire. American leadership brought the parties to the peace table. And now it will take American leadership to ensure that NATO remains strong enough to prevent the peace from collapsing.  Many Americans--including my own constituents--question the need for NATO as we approach the next century. The Soviet Union has collapsed. Why, they ask, should America pay the money and put our troops on the line in support of an alliance whose time--in the eyes of some--has passed.  I believe we have a very direct national interest in ensuring that NATO remains an effective and credible security arrangement for the United States and our European allies. Ours is an alliance in support of democracy and freedom, and we are the leader of that alliance.  Now is not the time in history for America to question our leadership role in the world. Continued American global leadership is in our national interest, not only in the matter before us regarding Bosnia, but more generally in this post-cold war era. Nations around the world are watching. If the aggression that has taken place in the Balkans over the past 4 years were to go without challenge, other nations will take a lesson.  Congress gathered just yesterday to hear the moving speech of Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres, who faces the daunting task of keeping his Nation on the path toward peace in the wake of former Prime Minister Rabin's assassination.  Mr. Peres reminded us gently of the role America has played in this century, and the responsibilities we carry into the next. He urged us to accept what history has laid on our national shoulders. He reminded us that there are some things that only America can do. America alone, he reminded us, can keep the world free.  We do not know who will be in charge in Russia, China, or Iran 10 years from now. Those nations may be moving closer to democracy, or they may be led by repressive regimes with nuclear capabilities. We simply do not know today.  Because of the uncertainties we face in the world, we in the United States can not afford to fall back to the approach we took after World War I, when a weary nation said ``enough''. The vacuum was filled promptly, in that case with the most horrendous outcome.  Mindful of such history, I would echo the sentiments of President Clinton when he says, ``My fellow Americans, in this new era there are still times when America and America alone can and should make the difference for peace.''  To my own constituents, and to Americans across this great Nation of ours, I want to say: I know you are weary. But in my view, we do not have the luxury of wishing away the world and tending our own garden as if events around the world have no effect on us. We must continue to lead, and in doing so, we are most certainly serving our own national interests.  But you are right. This will be a difficult mission to undertake. The climate in Bosnia at this time of year is brutal, the terrain difficult, and the risks many. Even if all goes extremely well, we must be prepared for casualties. This is an inevitable fact of life that accompanies every deployment. We should remember, for example, that during Desert Shield, the staging phase before the Persian Gulf war began, we lost 84 American troops before even a single shot was fired. And although the situation we are entering in Bosnia is vastly different, it is tragically unavoidable that accidents and mishaps will claim the lives of some of those deployed. And so we must prepare ourselves as a Nation for this consequence.  But we must remember that throughout this ``American century'', as it has been called by some, the United States alone has set the standard to which so many nations now aspire. And in keeping with our vision as a people, since the end of the cold war we have led the international community in breaking new ground on behalf of democracy and the rule of law. In situations ranging from Cambodia to Haiti to Bosnia, we have helped to secure peace and freedom.  I think we have to acknowledge up front that as we undertake these endeavors, we do not fully know yet what model works, and under what circumstances. And that is what makes votes like today's so difficult. But this is no excuse for this Nation or any other major world power to throw up our hands and walk away from the difficult problems and challenges we face in this post-cold war era.  On this point, I think the observations of Lakhdar Brahimi, who heads the U.N. operation in Haiti, are relevant. When asked what we have learned in Haiti that may be relevant to Bosnia, he said:       . . . With operations like these (in Bosnia and Haiti), he      said, the international community is embarking on something      completely new for itself, and for which it does not yet have      all the skills. It isn't even sure what it wants an certainly      doesn't have all the money it needs to do it. So we take a      country by the hand and accompany it a little bit, while it      tries to stand on its own two feet. We don't do it perfectly,      but it's still useful, even if it doesn't create paradise.      But no one should kid themselves. It's a constant uphill      struggle.  And so we should sober our expectations, but not dampen our resolve. For the sake of our own national interests and those of our allies, we have to move forward--with prayer and conviction.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  