Chairman, I thank my distinguished chairman for yielding me this time, and I rise in strong support of the Rogers amendment to the Johnson underlying amendment.  Currently, there is one test conducted on vehicles to determine the fuel economy rating. The Johnson amendment would require EPA to change that fuel economy testing for label purposes. What this will result in is having automakers being forced to do two or three or four, or maybe even more, separate tests. That costs money, more money, and is unnecessary and more burdensome.  Additionally, as written, the Johnson amendment could also affect how CAFE is calculated. The Johnson amendment could lower the fleet fuel economy averages of manufacturers that make compliance with the CAFE standards much more difficult. Instead of running the substantial risk under the Johnson amendment, the Rogers/ Kilpatrick bipartisan perfecting amendment makes a technical change to clarify that automakers do not have to run multiple duplicative tests to update fuel economy labeling and ensures that the CAFE program is not manipulated.  Let us take this into a normal example. This morning, many of us, we live in different States, but we come and commute here to Washington. I live in Virginia; it is 7 miles from the Capitol here to my house. It took me more than 30 minutes to get in today. If I had to drive 7 miles in my town of St. Joseph, Michigan, it would take me about 12 minutes. We know that when we buy a car.  I had a staff member that bought a great new Ford hybrid vehicle the other day. He gets accelerated CAFE, or he gets much better gas mileage with that car when he is in the big city driving. When he goes to Chicago, to see the Cubs or the White Sox, or whoever, he gets a lot better mileage because he is stopping and starting all the time. In Kalamazoo, which is a city of 100,000, where he lives, he does not get quite the same mileage because it is a different scenario.  You cannot have 20 or 30, who knows how many tests. Maybe it is like boutique fuels. You have all these different areas, people with different driving habits, and you cannot expect that the EPA is going to put a laundry list of these different tests on the window. We know that when we buy our vehicles. We know about what it is going to be based on, our history of purchasing cars. And, frankly, a duplicative test with these multiple numbers will only be more confusing rather than less confusing to the consumer.  That is why I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, as we have with this bipartisan amendment, to support the Rogers amendment to the Johnson amendment so we can make more sense for every consumer as they purchase a new American car.  