Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this manager's amendment offered by me and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey). I want to again thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the gentleman from Texas (Chairman Barton), and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) for their bipartisan cooperation on this amendment, as well as the entire legislation.  What this amendment does is it makes seven noncontroversial changes to the underlying bill.  First, the amendment clarifies that the liability standard for non-licensees is willful and intentional.  Second, the amendment clarifies that for individual non-licensees to be found liable, their indecent statements must have made knowing or having reason to know that the statements would be broadcast.  Third, the amendment requires the FCC to look at the impact of a forfeiture penalty on an individual.  I want to pay a special tribute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Bono) for her work on these three issues during the committee consideration of this bill. These three changes simply clarify our intent to ensure that performers as non-licensees are treated fairly.  During the committee consideration, there were some concerns expressed that the individual-performer liability provisions in H.R. 310 could be used to fine artists that use offensive language when their recordings are played on the radio. The phrase ``willfully and intentionally'' in this amendment is meant to include those situations where an individual intentionally utters material consciously and deliberately which he or she knows or has reason to know will be broadcast. For instance, a live interview of a player at a basketball game or Janet Jackson's performance at the Super Bowl are clear examples where the performer intentionally said or did something knowing it would be broadcast.  Alternatively, when an artist records a song in a studio, he or she perhaps has a hope that the song will be broadcast, but does not sing the lyrics with the intent to broadcast at that moment or even knowing that it will be broadcast in the future.  Similarly, if an athlete or a coach in the heat of a sporting event, such a baseball player being hit by a pitch, reflexively yells out an obscene, indecent, profane utterance caught by a field microphone, the situation would also not be captured by the willful and intentional standard, as his or her actions were not intentionally done and knowing that they would be broadcast.  In addition, the manager's amendment underscores the FCC's requirement that when setting penalties forindividual performers, it must look at the ability of that individual to pay, as required by existing law, and the FCC must take into consideration the impact of the forfeiture penalties on that individual.  Clearly, not all individuals who may run afoul of the law have the same ability to pay. A pro athlete or a blockbuster recording artist may have significantly greater worth than a struggling artist or college athlete. That is why we require the FCC to factor this in when setting such penalties, and underscore that in this amendment.  Fourth, the amendment changes the General Accounting Office to its new name of Government Accountability Office.  Fifth, the amendment requires the FCC's annual indecency enforcement report to include data going back to 2000.  Sixth, it requires the GAO's indecency enforcement report to include data going back to 2000.  Lastly, the amendment requires the FCC to update its broadcast indecency enforcement guidelines at least every 3 years.  I want to thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. Cubin) for her work on that issue, I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) for his bipartisan cooperation and cosponsoring this amendment with me, and thank the Committee on Rules for making it in order. I would urge all of my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  