 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 714, the Junk Fax Prevention Act of 2005, legislation very similar to the bill which this House passed in the last Congress that had been sponsored by me, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton), and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell). I want to thank those Members for their hard work and bipartisan cooperation, not only last year, but this year as well.  I also want to thank the House leadership for agreeing to expedite consideration of this very important legislation, because June 30, later this week, is when the sands of the hourglass were about to run out on the current stay of the FCC's new junk fax rules which this legislation fixes. No doubt time is of the essence and passage of this legislation is long overdue, that is for sure.  It is important to note that this bill does not overturn the ban on the faxing of unsolicited advertisements which has been outlawed since the passage of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991. So this bill does not protect the senders of those annoying, unsolicited faxes which so many of our constituents get that advertise purported investment opportunities, mortgage refinancing opportunities, vacation packages, who knows what, always sent by unfamiliar firms with whom our constituents have never done business.  I presume these firms are at best fly-by-night outfits, or at worst scam artists. In all events, they appear to be nuisances and violators of the Federal junk fax law, and this bill does not change that. Rather, the bill would clearly reinstate the FCC's previous rules which permitted businesses and associations to send faxes to those with whom they had ``an established business relationship'' without first having to get written permission slips from them.  If we do not reinstate the FCC's previous rules, the cost of complying with the FCC's new rules will be enormous, and it will severely hamper legitimate fax communications between businesses and their consumers and between associations and their members.  Additionally, and importantly, the bill would establish new opt-out safeguards to provide additional protections for fax recipients. Under the bill, senders of faxes must alert recipients of their right to opt out of future faxes and senders must abide by such requests. That is an additional level of protection that consumers do not have under the current law.  This Junk Fax Prevention Act is commonsense regulatory relief. I want to thank again the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) for their bipartisan cooperation on this bill; and I would urge all of my colleagues to support it.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  