Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 441, beginning line 3, strike section 5404 and insert      the following new section:     SEC. 5404. STUDY ON COMMERCIAL DRIVER'S LICENSE PROGRAM.       (a) Study.--The Secretary shall conduct a study to evaluate      the safety effects of the laws and regulations of States that      allow licensed drivers between the ages of 18 years and 21      years to obtain a commercial driver's license to operate a      commercial motor vehicle within the State.       (b) Matters Included.--The study under subsection (a) shall      include the following:       (1) A review of the requirements for licensed drivers      between the ages of 18 years and 21 years to obtain      commercial driver's licenses described in such subsection.       (2) A review of collision rates and fatal collision rates      for such drivers while operating a commercial motor vehicle.       (3) A review of any other safety factors and metrics      determined appropriate by the Secretary in accordance with      subsection (c).       (c) Input.--In conducting the study under subsection (a),      including with respect to the safety factors and metrics      reviewed under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall solicit      input from representatives of State motor vehicle      administrators, motor carriers, labor organizations,      independent truck drivers, safety advocates, medical      associations and medical professionals, and other persons      determined appropriate by the Secretary.       (d) Report.--Not later than 2 years after the date of      enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a report      containing the results of the study under subsection (a),      including any recommendations for statutory changes.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 512, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia.  