Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1295. I support the improvements the bill makes to the taxpayers' exempt process for social welfare organizations.  Under current law, social welfare organizations are not required to file for tax-exempt status with the Internal Revenue Service, although many organizations do apply for greater certainty. From 2009 to 2012, the number of social welfare organizations applying for tax-exempt status nearly doubled, from 1,800 to 3,400 requests.  But for an organization that simply starts operating as a social welfare organization without applying for tax exemption, the agency does not have any information on the organization until it files its annual information return. This return, known as Form 990, may not be due until more than a year after the organization has already been operating.  This bill, which I think is a good bill, is a commonsense bill, requires all social welfare organizations to file a notice of formation with the agency no later than 60 days after the organization is established. The intent is to provide the agency with certain key information.  I believe this bill could have done more. Currently, social welfare organizations are permitted to engage in political campaigns. However, an organization's primary work cannot be engaging in political activities.  I am concerned that the information required to be provided to the agency under this bill, and in the first annual information return, may not be sufficient. It is important that the agency can clearly identify all cases in which the organizations engage in an inappropriate amount of political activity.  To address this concern, the bill should require these organizations to indicate whether they engage or intend to engage in political activity.  Although this bill does not go far enough, I support the improvement it makes. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ``yes'' for H.R. 1295.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  