Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution.  First let me thank the gentleman from Massachusetts, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Jones) for their tireless leadership on this issue.  Thank you, Mr. McGovern.  For 14 long years, our Nation has been at war. Our people are sick and tired of war. This resolution simply opens the door to bring American soldiers home.  Let me be clear. We must maintain a strong national defense. We have a responsibility to protect our borders, our diplomats, and Americans at home and abroad. But the end to terrorism is not found through the barrel of a gun or more boots on the ground. More weapons cannot stomp out the root causes of terrorism, and more bombs cannot eradicate the seeds of hate.  Over and over again, I have stood on this very floor and reminded my colleagues that the use of force cannot--must not--be taken lightly, especially when the needs at home are so great and the sea of terrorism is so vast.  President John F. Kennedy once said, ``Those who make a peaceful revolutionimpossible will make violent revolution inevitable.''  Many years ago, I shared my concerns with you that young people in the Middle East would never forget the violence that they have experienced in their youth. I feared then--and I say it again--that they would grow up hating our children, our grandchildren, and generations yet unborn. I feared those young people would have very little faith in the idea of democracy, in the values of inclusion, or the hope for lasting peace.  ``Hate begets hate,'' as Martin Luther King, Jr., would say, ``violence begets violence; toughness begets a greater toughness. We must meet the forces of hate with the power of love.''  These young people must be our focus. We must lift them up and listen to regional voices for peace. We must counter the consequences of violence by demonstrating that diplomacy and the spread of true democracy are the most effective weapons against terrorism.  Yes, I will say it again. Our people are sick and tired of war. I hope that all of my colleagues will support this resolution and vote ``yes'' for a method to build a peace for long a time and for years and generations to come.  