This appropriations law ends a year of continuing budget uncertainty and extends tax credits for millions of hard-working families. We have kept out harmful riders that would have undermined everything from Wall Street reform to clean air and water laws. There are many steps forward in this bill for Vermonters and all Americans, but we need stronger steps. We need to carry this into the new year and strengthen it, to help lift the middle class and to protect the most vulnerable among us.  We need much more progress in creating well-paying jobs in rural areas like Vermont, not just in the Nation's urban centers. We need to do more to protect Social Security and Medicare and other programs in the safety net. We need to do more to make college affordable for students and families.  This bill will let Congress begin the new year with focusing on America's middle class, taking stronger steps to help working families. By standing together, Senate Democrats have made it possible to cancel the harmful sequester and to lift caps to make investments possible that will make a difference in communities across Vermont--from cleanup efforts on Lake Champlain, to ramping up our fight against opioid addiction, to equipping our police officers with lifesaving bulletproof vests.  This omnibus spending bill is good news for my home State of Vermont, too. It includes important funds for the EPA's Lake Champlain Geographic Program, which will be critical as Vermont and the EPA take on ambitious new work and regulations to address water quality and phosphorus levels in Lake Champlain. As much as Vermonters and millions of visitors to our State enjoy Lake Champlain, we know that business as usual simply will not cut it. We need serious action, measurable work on the ground, and strong Federal resources in order to make real progress to clean up Lake Champlain. That is why I made supporting the EPA's geographic programs a top priority for fiscal year 2016. That this final bill maintains the strong Federal investments that were made last year reflects a real partnership among Federal, State, and local partners.  The omnibus makes essential investments to help States and local municipalities fight the scourge of opioid and heroin addiction, which continues to devastate too many communities. Vermont has been a national leader in calling attention to this problem and bringing together communities to find solutions. This spending package includes a number of programs that will continue to support those efforts. We know that it will require strong Federal support to join State and local efforts to address this heroin crisis. In particular, this omnibus package includes funding for the Anti-Heroin Task Force Program that began last year to provide support to State law enforcement efforts like those of the Vermont Drug Task Force in dismantling supply chains trafficking heroin into our States.  Because we know that enforcement alone cannot solve this problem, this bill also includes increased funding for grants to expand medication assisted treatment programs, and funding to distribute lifesaving naloxone to prevent overdoses. It offers continued support for drug court programs that prevent individuals suffering from addiction from needlessly entering our criminal justice system and instead helps set them on a path towards treatment and recovery. I am proud to support for funding these critical programs that provide a lifeline to communities struggling to eliminate this opioid crisis.  This omnibus bill will grow jobs in Vermont and across the country. When I walk down the street in Montpelier or talk to people at the grocery store in Waterbury, I hear too many stories from Vermonters who are working two, even three jobs to make ends meet. Congress needs to do more to spur job growth, and I believe this bill will make a measurable impact.  The heart and soul of Vermont's economy are our small businesses. In fact, over 90 percent of the employers in Vermont are small businesses, employing more than half of all Vermonters that work in the private sector. So naturally, the Small Business Administration, SBA, and the programs it supports are critically important to ensuring that Vermont businesses have access to the capital they need to expand. Year after year, we see all sectors of the Vermont economy utilizing SBA programs from manufacturing, to agriculture, clean energy, and even craft brewing. Vermont Precision Tools in Swanton, which manufactures high-quality burs for the medical device industry, is one such example. Pete's Greens, a certified organic vegetable farm that has been a leader in Vermont's agricultural renaissance, is another. This past year, the SBA had its highest level of lending in Vermont, backing more than $53 million in loans. This omnibus bill will ensure that Vermonters have access to just as much capital in 2016.  Another critical source of capital for Vermont's businesses has been made possible through the Treasury Department's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, CDFI. Community Capital of Vermont is one of our State's organizations that have leveraged CDFI funds and the SBA's microloan program to help neighborhood businesses--such as Barrio Bakery in the Old North End of Burlington, Patchwork Farm Bakery in Hardwick, Liberty Chocolates in Montpelier, and Bent Hill Brewery in Randolph. This year we were able to increase funding for the CDFI program, while also increasing access to healthy food and expanding work in rural areas.  Vermont is a northern border State, and the connection we share with our Canadian neighbors is an important one for our cultural and economic identity. Senators from neighboring States know well that some communities have experienced unique economic challenges, and that is why we worked together to create the Northern Border Regional Commission, NBRC. I appreciate their support and joining with me to increase the NBRC budget to $7.5 million for the coming year. In the short time the commission has existed, it has helped companies like Superior Technical Ceramics in St. Albans develop a plan to increase their exports; the Vermont Sustainable Jobs Fund is helping grow Vermont's wood products sector; an industrial park in Franklin County has received funds for improvements to entice Canadian companies to expand in the United States; and--a jewel of the Northeast Kingdom--Willoughby Lake, will have increased amenities resulting in more travel and tourism.  As a result of the Bipartisan Budget Act Congress approved in October, critical funding was restored to the HOME program, which helps States and communities preserve existing and produce new units of affordable housing. The Senate-passed Transportation, Housing and Urban Development bill decimated the HOME program, providing a paltry $66 million. Because of the Bipartisan Budget Act, in fiscal year 2016, the HOME program will receive $950 million--an increase of $50 million over 2015 funding--which will help every State, including Vermont, address critical housing needs.  The National Institutes of Health, the Nation's leading medical research hub, will receive a $2 billion increase in funding, which will benefit research institutions like the University of Vermont.  The bill continues to support community health centers that will be funded at just over $5 billion next year. In Vermont alone, 11 federally qualified community health centers with 56 delivery sites provided care over the past 2 years to nearly 200,000 patients. These health centers employ over 900 people.  The omnibus reauthorizes for 3 years the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and provides needed funding to support it. Early next year, I hope Congress will redouble its efforts to ensure that this critical conservation program--which supports projects in every State, in every corner of our country--receives permanent authorization and full funding--all at no expense to the taxpayer.  Important, too, is that this omnibus rejects efforts by industry giants to block Vermont's Act 120, which requires the labeling of genetically engineered foods. Vermonters support their law, because they believe--as do I--that consumers have the right to know what is in the food they are eating. An omnibus spending bill is no place to make national policy that undermines carefully crafted laws at the state level.  As ranking member of the Department of State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, I want to thank Chairman Lindsey Graham, Chairwoman Kay Granger, and Ranking Member Nita Lowey for the way they worked with me and my staff to reach agreement on the State and foreign operations title of this omnibus bill. Their expertise was invaluable in producing a bill that provides funding for important diplomatic, development, security, and humanitarian priorities of the United States and that reflect our Nation's values.  Division K of the omnibus, for the Department of State and foreign operations, provides a total of $52.7 billion in discretionary budget authority. This funding helps protect U.S. personnel, including our diplomats, working overseas; funds programs to combat trafficking in persons, wildlife poaching, and drug smuggling; provides historic levels of funding to combat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria, and other diseases that threaten hundreds of millions of people around the world; supports key allies in countering ISIL and other terrorist organizations; provides funds to promote renewable energy and protect the environment; and funds relief programs for refugees and other victims of conflict and natural disasters. These are just a few examples. Division K also includes important provisions to ensure transparency, combat corruption, and prevent assistance to and encourage accountability for those who would misuse U.S. assistance by violating human rights or engaging in corruption or other financial crimes.  I am particularly pleased that the bill includes increased funding for agent orange remediation and health and disability programs in Vietnam; the Leahy War Victims Fund to assist innocent victims of war, clear unexploded bombs in Southeast Asia and other parts of the world; and educational and cultural exchange programs including the amount requested for the Fulbright exchange program. In addition, authority is provided to help threatened scholars around the world find academic institutions where they can continue their work in safety.  The bill also supports programs that directly benefit Vermonters, including the amount requested for the PeaceCorps and funding above the amount requested for the Great Lakes Fishery Commission to support additional sea lamprey control in the Great Lakes and the Lake Champlain Basin.  I am disappointed that a provision I authored, which was included in the Senate bill, to enable the U.S. to provide technical assistance to support investigations, apprehensions, and prosecutions of those who commit genocide and other crimes against humanity, was not included. There are also some things that I wish were not in this bill, including a provision carried from last year that would weaken limits on carbon emissions from projects financed by the Export-Import Bank and Overseas Private Investment Corporation. No bill is perfect, and we will undoubtedly revisit these and other issues next year.  I have heard from many Vermonters concerned that controversial policy provisions were to be included in this final spending bill. While I am grateful this final bill does not include many of the poison pill policy riders included in the House and Senate passed bills--measures that would have eroded health care services, repealed Dodd-Frank, and threatened key environmental protections, among other issues--I am concerned that it includes a giveaway to Big Oil by lifting the decades-long ban on crude oil exports. While I understand that, in exchange for lifting the ban, the omnibus is free of several proposed policy riders that would undermine Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act regulations and extends several environmental and renewable energy tax measures, I share the concerns of many environmentalists that lifting this ban will result in increased oil development and we could see higher gasoline prices in New England.  I am disappointed that the omnibus includes two policy riders that will further wear away transparency and accountability in our campaign finance system. These provisions will only promote the spending of dark money in Federal elections and further erode the trust of the American people in their political system.  I am also disappointed that the omnibus is being used to jam cyber security information sharing legislation through Congress. This is not the way to pass major legislation, particularly one that threatens to significantly harm Americans' privacy rights. This new version of the cyber security information sharing bill--which was negotiated behind closed doors by leaders of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees--rolls back a number of significant consumer and privacy protections that were included in the Senate-passed bill and over which the Judiciary Committee has primary jurisdiction, including language that could affect the scope of liability protections and that would expand Federal preemption of State FOIA and transparency laws. These changes are dangerous and unnecessary. Congress should have been given an opportunity to study, debate, and vote on a bill of this magnitude under regular order--not choose between this bill and a government shutdown. I hope that, when the Senate returns next year, we can consider legislation to mitigate the potential harm of this legislation.  Of course, with this omnibus spending bill, the Senate will consider the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes, PATH, Act. Last year, in the closing days of Congress, I opposed a 1-year, retroactive extension of expiring tax credits, not because I do not support those credits, but because our small businesses, middle-class families, and entrepreneurs need more certainty. The PATH Act provides that in some instances through 2016 and in other instances with permanency.  I am pleased that the PATH Act extends permanently the earned income tax credit, EITC, and the child tax credit, CTC. These credits have helped Vermont families recover from the recession. Vermont was one of the first States in the nation to supplement federal EITC dollars. In 2013, low-income families in Vermont received an estimated $2,400 in State and Federal tax credits that year. For the many families who qualify for these programs, these credits provide a significant increase in take-home pay. This not only has the potential to lift families out of poverty, it also motivates many to return to the workforce. While I would have preferred that these extensions be paired with an indexing proposal, extending permanency to them is welcomed news for millions of American families.  The PATH Act also supports small businesses by encouraging hiring, promoting investment in low-income areas, promoting domestic renewable energy development, and encouraging research and development. I am grateful that the bill includes a permanently extension of the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory. I have long championed this deduction. It helps organizations like the Vermont Food Bank and encourages donors to support food shelfs across the country.  Finally, I am deeply disappointed that, despite bipartisan, bicameral agreement, needed reforms to the EB-5 regional center program were not included in this final bill. On Tuesday evening, just hours before the bill became public, congressional leaders inexplicably decided to extend the EB-5 program without any reform. The program was given a free pass despite broad, bipartisan agreement that it is in urgent need of an overhaul. Time and again, concerns have been raised about the regional center program's susceptibility to fraud, its lack of oversight and transparency, and the rampant abuse of its incentives to invest in underserved communities--undermining a core premise of the program. Homeland Security Secretary Johnson, the Government Accountability Office, and the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General have all raised concerns.  While the program's flaws are obvious to anyone paying attention, the necessary fixes are as well. I have long worked to improve the regional center program, and my EB-5 amendment to the Senate's comprehensive immigration reform bill in the last Congress was unanimously approved in the Judiciary Committee. This Congress, I authored far-reaching reforms with Chairman Grassley and House Judiciary Chairman Goodlatte and Ranking Member Conyers. We had the support of by far the largest trade association representing the EB-5 industry, as well as the civil rights community. We pushed hard to include our reforms in the omnibus, but some congressional leaders inexcusably rejected these vital reforms.  We have a comprehensive, bipartisan reform bill that the chairmen and ranking members of both the House and Senate Judiciary Committees support. These reforms would address the many troubles that plague this program, including increasing oversight and transparency, protecting investors, and promoting investment and job growth in underserved communities as Congress always intended. We cannot again squander this opportunity. We should act on our bill when we return in January to ensure integrity and to demand ongoing oversight of the program.  