I thank the members of the Senate for this opportunity to make a very few observations about this personal milestone.  You know, the Senate offers both great opportunities and responsibility for both Senators from Vermont and all who serve here. We have a chance, day after day, to make things better for Vermonters and for all Americans. We can strengthen our country and ensure its vitality into the future. We can forge solutions in the unending quest throughout this Nation's history to form a more perfect Union.  I cast my first vote in this Chamber in 1975 on a resolution to establish the Church Committee. The critical issues of the post-Watergate era parallel issues we face today--proof of the enduring fact that, while the votes we cast today address the issues we face now, problems will persist, threats will continue, and improvements to the democracy we all revere can always be made.  I think back on the 15,000 votes I have cast on behalf of Vermonters. A lot of them come quickly to mind today--some specific to Vermont and some national and some global--writing and enacting the organic farm bill, the charter for what has become a thriving $30 billion industry; stronger regulations on mercury pollution and combating the effects of global warming; emergency relief for the devastation caused by Tropical Storm Irene; adopting price support programs for small dairy farmers; fighting for the privacy and civil liberties of all Americans; supporting the Reagan-O'Neill deal to save Social Security; nutrition bills to help Americans below the poverty line; bipartisan--strongly bipartisan--campaign reform in McCain-Feingold; the bipartisan Leahy-Smith Act, on patent reform; reauthorizing and greatly expanding and strengthening the Violence Against Women Act; opposing the war in Iraq, a venture that cost so many lives and trillions of taxpayer dollars.  The Senate at its best can be the conscience of the Nation. I have seen that when it happens, and I marvel in the fundamental soundness and wisdom of our system every time the Senate stands up and is the conscience of our Nation. But we cannot afford to put any part of the mechanism on automatic pilot. It takes constant work and vigilance to keep our system working as it should for the betterment of our society and the American people. And we can only do it if we work together.  I am so grateful to my fellow Vermonters for the confidence they have shown in me. It is a measure of trust that urges me on. I will never betray it, and I will never take it for granted. Reflecting on the past 15,000 votes reminds me about the significance every time we vote, why I feel energized about what votes lie ahead, and how we can keep making a difference.  I thank my friends, the two leaders, for their remarks, my respected Senate colleague, Senator Sanders, my friend, Senator Grassley, with whom I've served a long time. I appreciate my friendship with them and have appreciated my friendship with other leaders, including Senators Mansfield, Byrd, Baker, Dole, Lott, and Daschle, and lifelong gratitude to my former colleague, Senator Stafford, a Republican, who took me under his wing and guided me. And I am privileged to serve now--I mean, our whole Vermont delegation is here: Senator Sanders, Congressman Welch, and myself. Not many other States could do that and fit all of them in this body. And lastly I remember what a thrill it was to tell my wife, Marcelle, when I cast my first vote. And now 40 years later, I can still tell her about the 15,000th vote, and she knows, she and our children and grandchildren are the most important people in my life.  I do not want to further delay the Senate's work today, and I will reflect more on this milestone later. I thank you for your friendships that have meant more to me and my family than I can possibly say, and I look forward to continuing serving here. Thank you very, very much.  (Applause, Senators rising.)  