President, a few minutes ago I was talking about why I had hoped that after 121 days we could finally have a vote on the confirmation of Loretta Lynch to be Attorney General. She has been supported by leading Republicans and Democrats. She has been supported by Republicans and Democrats in law enforcement, especially in light of her very tough enforcement of terrorism laws. On the issue of abuse of public trust, she has prosecuted both Democrats and Republicans.  I mentioned a few minutes ago that when George W. Bush was in the last two years of his term, he was a lameduck President and Democrats had just taken over control of the Senate. The President nominated Judge Mukasey to be Attorney General. Because I disagreed with Judge Mukasey on the question of torture, I told the President I would vote against him, but I also told him that any President has a right to at least have a vote on their nominees. I moved him forward in 53 days--that is from the time his nomination was announced until he was confirmed. And that includes the time it took for the paperwork to get up here and the rest of the process. I put him through the committee, got him onto the floor, and he was confirmed in 53 days.  Now we have been waiting 121 days for Loretta Lynch, who came to the Judiciary Committee with far more law enforcement background. I don't know what the difference is between this man, Judge Mukasey, who took 53 days and Loretta Lynch.  In fact, I will give you another Attorney General nominee I also disagreed with and voted against, but who I, as chairman, helped bring to a vote. President Bush nominated John Ashcroft--a former Senator who had just been defeated--to be Attorney General. I put him through in 42 days--42 days from the time his nomination was announced until he was confirmed. Forty-two days.  So Ashcroft went through in 42 days. Judge Mukasey went through in 53 days. Loretta Lynch has waited 121 days.  I was involved with the nominations of these two men even though I disagreed with them. When Republicans took back control of the Senate there was another Attorney General in between who took 86 days. But for the two men when I was Chairman: 42 days for John Ashcroft; 53 days for Judge Mukasey. But Loretta Lynch has been waiting 121 days and still hasn't had a vote. Is it any wonder that people have concern about the U.S. Senate when she has to wait all that time just to get a vote up or down? Up or down, that is all we ask. So let's hope she can be scheduled, voted on and confirmed because with her record as a tough prosecutor, that is the sort of person I would like cracking down on terrorists, cracking down on those who defraud this country, cracking down on traffickers, as she has in the past.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  