But as of today no date has been set. The Senate majority leader is now threatening to further delay a vote on this highly qualified nominee until after the Senate has concluded its debate on the human trafficking bill.  Now, there is really no good reason for Senate Republicans to continue dragging their feet on scheduling a vote on Ms. Lynch's nomination. I have been here long enough to know we can debate legislation and vote on nominations at the same time, and to say otherwise is a hollow excuse. In fact, last Thursday we voted on four other executive nominations while we were on the human trafficking bill. We are actually going to vote on two more executive nominations this evening while we are on the human trafficking bill.  All Senators who agree on the importance of ending human trafficking also know it is important to confirm Loretta Lynch as our Nation's top law enforcement officer. She has a proven track record of prosecuting human trafficking and child rape crimes. This is not just somebody who just talks about it and says how much they are opposed to human trafficking, as though anybody were in favor of human trafficking.  This not just someone who says she is opposed to child rape cases, as though anybody here were going to say they are in favor of it. She has actually prosecuted them. Over the course of the last decade, the U.S. attorney's office that Ms. Lynch leads has indicted over 55 defendants in sex trafficking cases and rescued over 110 victims of sex trafficking. We stand here on the floor talking about these issues. She actually does it.  So I think she and the American people have waited long enough. President Obama announced the nomination of Ms. Lynch 4 months ago. The Judiciary Committee reported her nomination with bipartisan support 18 days ago. By tomorrow--we talk about whether we move fast or not. By tomorrow, her nomination will have been pending on the Senate floor longer than all of the past five attorneys general combined.  Take a look at this. Here is Loretta Lynch. She has been pending on the floor now for 18 days. This is, of course, with the months she had to wait before that. Now, Attorneys General Holder, Mukasey, Gonzales, Ashcroft, and Reno had to wait a total of 18 days pending after their nominations came out--so five of them, one of her. She has had to wait as long as five of them had to wait.  We also pointed out the amount of time--I look at the amount of time it took--for the four men who preceded her. All four of those men went through so much faster than she has. We happened to have a vote out of committee. Janet Reno took 1 day. John Ashcroft, who I helped get through the committee, although I did not support him, took 2 days. Alberto Gonzales took 8 days; Michael Mukasey, 2 days, and Eric Holder, 5 days.  This delay is an embarrassment to the Senate. Her qualifications are beyond reproach. But the Senate Republican leadership continues to delay a vote on her confirmation despite her impeccable credentials. Now, when she is confirmed, we know that Loretta Lynch will be the first African-American woman to serve our country as Attorney General. But instead of moving forward with this historic nomination, Senate Republicans appear intent on making history for all of the wrong reasons.  As David Hawkings wrote in a Roll Call article dated March 12:       Lynch is on a course to be confirmed this month after the      longest wait ever for a nominee to be attorney general--and      very likely by the closest vote ever to put a new person in      charge of the Justice Department.  We want to send the signal that we are tough on crime. We want to send the signal that we want to get these traffickers. We want to send a signal that people who commit crimes, whether they are Republicans or Democrats, should go to jail. Yet we refuse to confirm the person who has actually done all of those things. It appears that some want to simply refuse to allow a vote on her nomination, effectively shirking the constitutional duty of the Senate to provide advice and consent.  One Republican Senator even tweeted on the weekend about the need toblock her historic nomination. Then, in case you overlooked why he was doing that, he included a link to a political fundraising Web site. We have always kept law enforcement--the FBI Director, the Attorney General, anybody in law enforcement--out of politics. For a Senator to tweet that we have to block this person, and oh, by the way, here is where you can contribute to a political campaign--that is wrong.  It seems likely the Senate will have to file a cloture motion to vote to overcome the filibuster of her nomination. That is unprecedented; it is unwarranted. No other Attorney General nomination in our history has ever been met with a filibuster. We have never needed to have a cloture vote on an Attorney General nomination. Yet it seems Republican leadership wants to make history for all the wrong reasons.  I mention this to give us an idea. President George Bush in the last 2 years of his term--now a lameduck President--nominated Michael Mukasey for Attorney General.  Michael Mukasey was being sent because the last Attorney General had done a disastrous job--even though he had been voted for by, I think, all Republicans--people will accept the fact now that he politicized the prosecutors' offices and everything else, and finally the Bush administration had to get rid of him.  I had just become chairman again, as Democrats had taken back the Senate. I moved Attorney General Mukasey through even though I did not support him. I felt the President should have a vote on his Attorney General. I moved him through in record time.  She has waited so much more time, multiple times longer than Mukasey.  This is especially troubling and unfair because Ms. Lynch's qualifications for the job are so extraordinary. And her life story is equally extraordinary. Born in Greensboro and raised in Durham, NC, Loretta Lynch is the daughter of a fourth-generation Baptist preacher and a school librarian. They instilled in her the American values of fairness and equality, even when those around them were not living up to those values. Ms. Lynch has spoken about riding on her father's shoulders to their church where students organized peaceful protests against racial segregation. The freedom songs and the church music that went hand-in-hand with those protests undoubtedly made up the soundtrack of her childhood. The Judiciary Committee was honored to have her father, Rev. Lorenzo Lynch, with us not only at both days of her historic hearing in January but also with us when the committee considered his daughter's nomination in February.  When Loretta Lynch was a young child, Reverend Lynch bravely opened his church's basement to the students and others who organized lunch counter sit-ins in North Carolina. He taught his only daughter that ``ideals are wonderful things, but unless you can share them with others and make this world a better place, they're just words.'' The fact that she has dedicated the majority of her career to public service reaffirms that she has lived those ideals of justice in the service of others. And yet, Senate Republicans appear intent on preventing her from continuing her service--service that we should be honored to have.  Two weekends ago, Ms. Lynch traveled to Selma to honor the 50th anniversary of the historic march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, where scores of courageous Americans were beaten and trampled on Bloody Sunday because they refused to be silent about the need for equal protection under the law. It was a weekend when both Democrats and Republicans came together. President Obama stood there with President George W. Bush beside him, who had signed the last Voting Rights Act. They honored the civil rights activists of 50 years ago.  But I also felt it was a time to reaffirm our shared commitment to Americans, as Americans, and the ideals of justice and equality that so many of our predecessors have fought and bled for, from our Founding Fathers to the foot soldiers for justice on that bridge in Selma.  Loretta Lynch embodies these ideals. She has devoted her career to making them a reality. It is time for Republicans and Democrats to come together to confirm this outstanding woman to be the next Attorney General. It is time to stop delaying and making excuses for how she is being treated. It is time to vote.  This is reflecting badly on all law enforcement. I hear from so many in law enforcement saying: Why are you politicizing this nomination? Republicans and Democrats have usually kept law enforcement out of politics. Why is this?  