We heard testimony from a wide range of government officials, legal scholars, technologists, and outside experts as the Committee sought to understand and evaluate the numerous issues raised by these activities.  On July 31, 2013, I chaired the first full Judiciary Committee hearing to examine government surveillance programs with administration officials and outside experts. At the hearing, the NSA Deputy Director confirmed that the NSA's bulk telephony program did not help to thwart dozens of terrorist plots, as some administration officials defending the program had been contending. He confirmed that section 215 was only uniquely valuable in thwarting one terrorist ``plot''--the case of Basaaly Moalin, a Somali immigrant who was convicted of material support for sending $8,500 to al-Shabaab in Somalia.  As a result of continued public debate about the government's surveillance activities, on August 9, 2013, President Obama announced that he was ordering the Director of National Intelligence, DNI, to establish a group of outside experts to review the government's intelligence and communications technologies and provide recommendations on possible reforms to surveillance authorities. He also announced the public release of additional documents, including a Department of Justice white paper outlining the legal justification for the section 215 bulk collection program.  Over the course of the following months, the DNI declassified and released a host of documents related to activities conducted under section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act and section 702 of FISA. The released documents detailed serious incidents of noncompliance and violations of law in implementing both of these programs. For example, the documents revealed that for several years, the NSA was unlawfully collecting thousands of wholly domestic emails and other electronic communications as part of its section 702 collection. In addition, FISA Court orders relating to the section 215 program revealed significant compliance problems and were highly critical of the NSA's oversight and operation of the program.  On October 2, 2013, I chaired a second full Judiciary Committee hearing on government surveillance authorities. NSA Director Alexander revealed for the first time that the NSA had previously conducted a pilot program to test its capability of handling location data as part of the section 215 phone records program, although he emphasized that it was only a test. The second panel of witnesses at the hearing testified about the government's legal justification for the collection of telephone records under section 215. A technologist and computer scientist provided testimony to illustrate the power of metadata and the blurring distinction between content and metadata in the digital age.  Shortly after that hearing, on October 29, 2013, I joined with Senator Lee, Congressman Sensenbrenner, and Congressman Conyers to introduce the bipartisan, bicameral USA FREEDOM Act of 2013 to comprehensively reform a range of surveillance authorities. This legislation served as the basis for many of the reforms Congress is now debating.  On November 13, 2013, Senator Franken chaired a Judiciary Committee subcommittee hearing on legislation that he had introduced, the Surveillance Transparency Act of 2013, components of which were included in the USA FREEDOM Act. Government witnesses testified about executive branch efforts to promote greater transparency of surveillance activities. In addition, several outside witnesses, including representatives from the U.S. technology industry, spoke about the economic harm and damage to American technology companies as a result of revelations of government surveillance activities. These witnesses testified that American businesses stand to lose billions of dollars in the coming years as a result of revelations about U.S. surveillance activities.  On November 18, 2013, the DNI declassified and released a host of documents related to a previously classified program that collected bulk Internet metadata. The documents included a FISA Court opinion authorizing the bulk collection of Internet metadata under the FISA pen register and trap and trace device authority. As with the section 215 telephone metadata program, the declassified documents revealed that the bulk Internet metadata collection program also encountered major compliance problems during its operation. In 2011, the program was ended by the government because it was not meeting operational expectations.  On December 9, 2013, eight leading technology companies--AOL, Apple, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Twitter, and Yahoo!--wrote an open letter to President Obama and Congress laying out five surveillance reform proposals. The companies called for a prohibition on the bulk collection of Internet data and argued that governments should limit surveillance to specific, known users for lawful purposes. The companies also urged stronger checks and balances, including an adversarial process at the FISA Court.  On December 11, 2013, the Judiciary Committee held its fourth hearing on these issues. At the hearing, government witnesses discussed the possibility of placing a privacy advocate at the FISA Court, the recently declassified documents about the bulk collection of Internet metadata, and the scope of collection that is permitted under traditional section 215 orders. We learned that the problems with the Internet metadata program were so severe that the FISA Court suspended the program entirely for a period of time before approving its renewal. But then, in 2011, the government ended this Internet metadata program because, as Director Clapper explained, it was no longer meeting ``operational expectations.'' However, senior government lawyers testified that under the statute, there was no legal impediment to restarting this bulk Internet data collection program. If the executive branch--or a future administration--wanted to do so, it would simply apply for an order from the FISA Court.  On December 18, 2013, the President's Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technology publicly released its final report, which included 46 recommendations and findings to reform government surveillance activities. The review group members included Richard Clarke, former counterterrorism adviser to Presidents George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush; Michael Morell, former Acting Director of the CIA; Geoffrey Stone, professor at the University of Chicago Law School; Cass Sunstein, Harvard Law School professor and former senior OMB official in the Obama administration; and Peter Swire, a professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology and former adviser to Presidents Obama and Clinton. They concluded that the section 215 phone records program had not been essential to national security, saying: ``The information contributed to terrorist investigations by the use of section 215 telephony meta-data was not essential to preventing attacks and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using conventional section 215 orders.'' The review group further stated that ``Section 215 has generated relevant information in only a small number of cases, and there has been no instance in which NSA could say with confidence that the outcome would have been different without the section 215 telephony meta-data program.''  This sort of massive surveillance presents significant privacy implications in the digital age, and the review group's report provided valuable insights. The report explained that keeping a record of every phone call an individual has made over the course of several years ``can reveal an enormous amount about that individual's private life.'' The report further explained that in the 21st century, revealing private information to third party services ``does not reflect a lack of concern for the privacy of the information, but a necessary accommodation to the realities of modern life.'' And the report questioned whether we can continue to draw a rational line between communications metadata and content. This is a critically important question given that many of our surveillance laws depend upon the distinction between the two.  The review group also addressed the national security letter, NSL, statutes. Using NSLs, the FBI can obtain detailed information about individuals' communications records, financial transactions, and credit reports without judicial approval. Recipients of NSLs are subject to permanent gag orders. The review group report made a series of important recommendations to change the way national security letters operate. I have been fighting to impose additional safeguards on this controversial authority for years--to limit their use, to ensure that NSL gag orders comply with the First Amendment, and to provide recipients of NSLs with a meaningful opportunity for judicial review.  Following release of the review group's report, the Judiciary Committee then held its fifth hearing on the NSA's programs and called the members of the review group to testify. On January 14, 2014, the members of the review group testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee and explained that in light of changing technology and the creation of more and more data, it recommended transitioning to a system where the government does not hold massive databases of Americans' metadata. Rather, metadata could be held by providers or a third party, and could be searched by the government only with advance judicial approval. The five members of the panel made clear that while we must always consider ongoing threats to national security, policymakers should consider all of the risks associated with intelligence activities: the risk to individual privacy, to free expression and freedom of association, to an open and decentralized Internet, to America's relationships with other nations, to trade and commerce, and to maintaining the public trust.  Following the review group's report, in January 2014, President Obama took an important step to restore American's privacy and civil liberties by embracing the growing consensus that the section 215 phone records program should not continue in its current form. During a speech at the Department of Justice, the President announced that he had directed the intelligence community to develop alternatives to the program and asked the Justice Department to seek advance judicial approval from the FISA Court to query the section 215 phone call database. Additionally, he ordered thegovernment to limit searches of the section 215 database to two ``hops,'' instead of three. He also recommended reforms to the secrecy surrounding national security letters.  A January 23, 2014, report by the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, PCLOB, added to the growing chorus calling for an end to the government's dragnet collection of Americans' phone records. On February 12, 2014, the Judiciary Committee held its sixth public hearing, this time with the members of the PCLOB to explain the conclusions in their report. As with the President's review group, the PCLOB report likewise determined that the section 215 program has not been effective, saying: ``We have not identified a single instance involving a threat to the United States in which the program made a concrete difference in the outcome of a counterterrorism investigation. Moreover, we are aware of no instance in which the program directly contributed to the discovery of a previously unknown terrorist plot or the disruption of a terrorist attack.''  The PCLOB report also provided the public with a detailed constitutional and statutory analysis of this program and concluded that the program ``lacks a viable legal foundation under Section 215'' and ``implicates constitutional concerns under the First and Fourth Amendments.'' The PCLOB report further revealed that although the FISA Court first authorized this program in 2006, it did not issue an opinion setting forth a full legal and constitutional analysis of the program until 2013.  In March 2014, after consulting with the intelligence community, President Obama announced that his administration would work with Congress to pass legislation to end the NSA's section 215 bulk phone records collection program and to transition to a new program in which the data is not held by the government. Ending bulk collection is a key element of what I, Senator Lee, and others have included in the various iterations of the USA FREEDOM Act.  After the President's announcement, the House of Representatives took action. Senator Lee, would you like to expand on what transpired in the House?  