 I don't like to see unnecessary exemptions to the Freedom of Information Act.  Today I offer an amendment to the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act that would remove from the bill an overly broad and wholly unnecessary new FOIA exemption. That new exemption to our Nation's premier transparency law was added without public debate and in a closed session by the Senate Intelligence Committee. Any amendments to the Freedom of Information Act should be considered openly and publicly by the Senate Judiciary Committee, which has exclusive jurisdiction over FOIA--not in secret by the Senate Intelligence Committee.  I expect that much of the information to be shared with the government under CISA would be protected from disclosure to the general public. A thorough committee process, including consideration by the Senate Judiciary Committee, would have made clear that the vast majority of sensitive information to be shared under this bill is already protected from disclosure under existing FOIA exemptions. This includes exemption (b)(4), which protects confidential business and financial information; exemption (b)(6) which protects personal privacy; and exemption (b)(7), which protects information related to law enforcement investigations.  In case there is any doubt that this information would be exempt from disclosure, the underlying bill already makes clear that information provided to the Federal Government ``shall be considered the commercial, financial, and proprietary information'' of the entity submitting the information. Commercial and financial information is exempt from disclosure under FOIA pursuant to exemption (b)(4), and additional protections are unnecessary. The comprehensive exemptions already in law have been carefully crafted to protect the most sensitive information from disclosure while prohibiting the Federal Government from withholding information the public is entitled to. Creating unnecessary exemptions will call into question the existing FOIA framework and threaten its twin goals of promoting government transparency and accountability.  The new FOIA exemption in the cyber bill also includes a preemption clause that is overly broad and sets a terrible precedent. As drafted, it applies not only to FOIA, but to all State, local, or tribal disclosure laws. By its very terms, this provision applies not just to transparency and sunshine laws, but to any law ``requiring disclosure of information or records.'' Because this broad preemption of State and local law has not received careful, open consideration, there has not been adequate consultation with State and local governments to consider the potential impacts. Such a sweeping approach could impact hundreds of State and local laws and lead to unintended consequences.  Amending our Nation's premier transparency law and preempting State and local law deserves more public debate and consideration. If we do not oppose this new FOIA exemption, then I expect more antitransparency language will be slipped into other bills without the consideration of the Judiciary Committee. Just a few months ago, I was here on the Senate floor fighting against new FOIA exemptions that had been tucked into the surface transportation bill, and I have no doubt I will be down here again in the future fighting similar fights. But an open and transparent government is worth fighting for. I believe in transparency in our Federal Government, and I believe that FOIA is the backbone to ensuring an open and accountable government. I urge all Members to join me in this effort and vote for the Leahy amendment.  