We spent several months in discussions with the intelligence community and a wide range of stakeholders, including other Senators, privacy and civil liberties groups, and the U.S. technology industry, to build on the framework established by the House-passed bill.  Those negotiations led to the introduction of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, S. 2685, on July 29, 2014. More than 50 organizations, interest groups, trade associations, and technology companies from across the political spectrum publicly endorsed the bill. On September 2, 2014, the Attorney General and DNI wrote a letter in support of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014. The letter noted that the bill preserved the intelligence community's capabilities while also enhancing privacy and civil liberties and increasing transparency. Likewise, members of the President's review group wrote a letter to myself and Senator Grassley, explaining that the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014 was consistent with the recommendations contained in their December 2013 report.  On November 12, 2014, Senator Reid filed cloture on the motion to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014. A few days later, on November 17, 2014, the Obama administration released a Statement of Administration Policy on the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014 strongly supporting passage.  Despite the wide-ranging support for these commonsense reforms, on November 18, 2014, the full Senate failed to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, by a vote of 58 to 42. I was extremely disappointed that the Republican leadership in the Senate decided to use a procedural vote to block debate and amendments on such an important piece of legislation.  With the start of the 114th Congress, Senator Lee and I began discussions with the House to develop a new version of the USA FREEDOM Act. We knew that the June 1, 2015, sunset of several surveillance authorities, including section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act, would come up fast. For several months, we engaged in conversations with House Judiciary Committee Chairman Goodlatte, Representative Sensenbrenner, and House Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Conyers, as well as officials from the administration, intelligence community, privacy and civil liberties groups, the technology industry, and other stakeholders on a path forward. Those extensive deliberations produced another set of bipartisan, bicameral surveillance reforms to end the bulk collection of Americans' phone records and amend other surveillance laws.  On April 28, 2015, Senator Lee and I introduced the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, S. 1123, and Representatives Sensenbrenner, Goodlatte, Conyers, Nadler, and others in the House introduced the House companion, H.R. 2048. The Senate version of the bill was originally cosponsored by Senators Heller, Durbin, Cruz, Franken, Murkowski, Blumenthal, Daines, and Schumer. It has also received the support of the administration, privacy groups, and the technology industry.  On May 11, 2015, the Attorney General and Director of National Intelligence wrote a letter in strong support of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. The letter notes that the legislation ``is a reasonable compromise that preserves vital national security authorities, enhances privacy and civil liberties and codifies requirements for increased transparency.'' The Obama administration also issued a Statement of Administration Policy on May 12, 2015, in strong support of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015.  In early May, as the House and Senate were preparing to consider the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, the Second Circuit issued a decision confirming what we knew all along.  Senator Lee?  