Those of us who are not old enough to remember 50 years ago have read the history. Those of us who were old enough at that time saw what happened at that historic march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge five decades ago. Scores of courageous Americans refused to be silent about the need for equal protection under the law. This was a case where their blood, sweat, and tears helped move our Nation toward a more perfect union. One of those who actually shed blood--in fact, nearly died on that march for freedom and equality--is one of my closest friends in Congress, Congressman John Lewis of Georgia.  Last Thursday I was so proud when Congressman Lewis came to the Senate Judiciary Committee room to see a vote on the historic nomination of Loretta Lynch to serve as our next Attorney General. He said he was compelled to come because this was no ordinary markup and this is no ordinary confirmation. When the Senate finally confirms her, Loretta Lynch will be the first African-American woman to serve our country as Attorney General.  She is extraordinarily qualified for the job. The letters and testimony I have received from law enforcement and both Republican and Democratic prosecutors attesting to how good she is, are amazing. I urge the Senate to consider her nomination immediately and confirm her this week. She has waited much longer than any modern nominee ever has for this position.  But as I urge her confirmation, I cannot help but reflect on the fact that Ms. Lynch's confirmation will be another step toward realizing Dr. Martin Luther King's dream that people in our country would be judged by the content of their character. Loretta Lynch's life epitomizes that dream.  She was born in Greensboro and was raised in Durham, NC. She is the daughter of a fourth-generation Baptist preacher and a school librarian. I have met Reverend Lynch. He is an amazing and inspiring man. Her parents instilled in her the American values of fairness and equality, even when those around them were not living up to those values. Ms. Lynch has spoken about riding on her father's shoulders as a child to their church, where students organized peaceful protests against racial segregation. The freedom songs and the church music that went hand-in-hand with those protests undoubtedly made up the soundtrack of her childhood. The Judiciary Committee was honored to have her father, Reverend Lorenzo Lynch, with us not only at both days of her historic hearing in January but also with us last Thursday as the Committee considered his daughter's nomination.  Throughout Loretta Lynch's life, those who encountered her intelligence and tenacity have not always been prepared to accept her and her impressive accomplishments. But each time they didn't accept it, the content of her character has shone through and led her to even greater heights.  In elementary school, administrators did not believe that Loretta Lynch could score as high has she did on a standardized test. They demanded that she retake the test. She did, and she scored even higher the second time. In high school she rose to the very top of her class, which would have made her the first African-American valedictorian. School administrators, however, decided that even though she had earned the title, it would somehow be too controversial. So, they decided she must share the honor with two other students, one of whom was white, even though she was the one who scored the highest. This didn't hold her back. She kept going forward. She went on to graduate with honors from Harvard College and then earned her law degree from Harvard Law School.  This has been the story of Loretta Lynch's life. While some are not ready to embrace her distinction, she just marches forward with grace to prove that she is even stronger and more qualified than her detractors can imagine. Even though she was required to be better than those who were holding her back, she didn't let that stop her. She just kept going forward. She has dedicated the majority of her remarkable career to public service and we are fortunate as a nation that she wants to continue to serve.  The President of the United States announced that Loretta Lynch would be nominated to be our Nation's chief law enforcement official on November 8th.  Right after this announcement, Senate Republicans made clear that despite the urgent challenges facing this country, they would object to even begin consideration of her nomination during the lame duck period. So Loretta Lynch's historic nomination waited. As she prepared for her confirmation hearing, she stayed focused on her current position and continued to lead a dedicated team of prosecutors to bring terrorists and serious criminals to justice in New York.  Ms. Lynch was finally called before the Judiciary Committee at the end of January. She had more poise and credibility than any nominee I have seen in my four decades in the Senate. Any reasonable observer of her hearing, which lasted almost 8 hours, would conclude that she was beyond impressive and that she possesses the leadership, intellect, and wisdom needed to help keep our country safe. After the hearings, Republicans submitted an unprecedented number of written questions to Ms. Lynch, even though every member had been allowed ample time to ask live questions at her hearing. Even members who had already publicly declared that they opposed her confirmation continued to submit scores of questions.  But now, 114 days have passed since Ms. Lynch was nominated. She has been made to wait longer than any one of the previous five Attorneys General--five Attorneys General in both Democratic and Republican administrations. And for what reason? So that those who have already said they oppose the nomination can try to score additional political points? When Ms. Lynch is told she must continue towait longer than any of the modern Attorneys General, that she must wait for her confirmation vote, I am reminded that those dedicated to the fight for civil rights have long heard their detractors tell them: Just be patient. We can't give you your rights yet. Just be patient. Just wait your turn.  Well, come on. No Member of this body--of either party--would ever stand for anyone saying: Notwithstanding your qualifications, wait your turn.  Ms. Lynch grew up hearing her family's stories about the Jim Crow South. She knows the meaning of injustice. She would never compare the partisan political games being played with her nomination to the epic struggles her family faced.  But as we in this Chamber reflect this week to honor those Americans who marched in Selma and the role our Department of Justice played in the civil rights movement, it should not be too much to ask just how much longer Loretta Lynch has to wait. How much longer does this woman have to wait before she can become the next U.S. Attorney General? In these perilous times, our Nation deserves to have its chief law enforcement officer considered without further delay.  At the Judiciary Committee's markup last week, Senator Durbin spoke passionately about the ``solemn, important, and historic moment'' before us in considering Ms. Lynch's nomination. His comments were moving, and they appealed to our responsibility as Senators to uphold the Constitution and provide advice and consent on the President's nominees. We can do so this week by confirming Loretta Lynch.  We have played politics with too many things already in the young days of this 114th Congress. From the spending bill the House Republicans refused to take up to fund the Department of Homeland Security, to the nomination of this highly qualified woman to serve as the Nation's chief law enforcement officer, we can no longer put national security at risk just for the sake of a few talking points or a second or two on a television program.  So I call on my friend, the majority leader, to simply set a date for her confirmation. Do not leave the American people wondering if this extremely qualified woman will get a timely vote. Treat her like every previous Attorney General nominee. The Nation faces too many challenges to play politics with this important nomination.  Too long some in this body have told her: You have to wait. You have to wait your turn. You have to wait.  No, she has proven her qualifications. She shouldn't have to wait any more than those who went before her. Set an up-or-down vote. Let's confirm her nomination.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  