President, as the proud parent of a wonderful daughter and the proud grandparent of three wonderful granddaughters, like so many others, I was proud of the U.S. Women's National Team and their historic World Cup victory. I was even more proud on Tuesday when I sawthem at the White House with President Obama.  I know all Americans are so proud, as well as honored. The reason why so many Americans are proud of it is that earlier this year, with more than 25 million Americans watching, this electrifying group of athletes led the United States to a record third World Cup title. We all cheered, but then along with a lot of other Americans, I was surprised to learn that the U.S. Women's National Team--even though there were enormous receipts from the TV coverage of this--received $2 million for winning the Women's World Cup. The 2014 Men's World Cup winners were awarded $35 million. When the women won, it was $2 million. When the men won, it was $35 million. To make it even worse, the men's teams that lost in the first round of the 2014 Men's World Cup were awarded $8 million. In other words, if you lose and are a man, you get $8 million. If you are a woman and you win, you get $2 million.  That is really not acceptable. I cannot imagine anybody finding it acceptable. I wanted to raise some awareness of this. I introduced a Senate resolution calling on soccer's international governing body, FIFA, to eliminate its discriminatory prize awards structure.  It highlights the gross pay disparity in their award structure and calls for immediate change. All Democrats support this call. I have heard some opponents of an equal prize awards structure in sports who say: Oh, no, we must pay men more than women. They point to revenue as the reason behind this disparity. Revenue cannot be accepted as a means for discrimination. Awards should not be determined by gender. That is why major sporting events, including the U.S. Open Tennis Championships and Wimbledon changed their prize award structure to assure that both female and male athletes are treated with the same dignity and respect they deserve.  This proud father and grandfather feels that my sons and my daughter should be treated the same and my grandsons and granddaughters should be treated the same. In fact, it is why the U.S. Women's National Team was rightly honored with a Ticker-Tape parade and magazine covers for each player and their head coach by Sports Illustrated.  These athletes, recognized at the White House on Tuesday, are global icons. Not just here in America but around the world they are recognized. They are role models to young athletes and fans everywhere.  This includes fans such as 13-year-old Ayla Ludlow. She wrote to President Obama and the First Lady after the Women's World Cup. She said: ``It makes me mad that people do not treat girls equally.'' I agree. It is time to recognize all athletes for their contributions--not make women second-class citizens. By taking an overdue but important step toward pay equity, we send a resounding message not just to women and girls but also to men and boys around the world. Equal pay for equal work should not be an ideal we talk about, but a reality.  The men's teams that lost in the 2014 Men's World Cup was awarded $8 million. The women's team, which was watched worldwide as they won, was awarded $2 million. The men's team that did win was awarded $35 million. I cannot imagine anybody who could stand up for that kind of disparity and treat men so much differently and so much better than women. These are athletes who worked hard from the time they were young to be the best of the best. They made America proud. But I think we make America a little ashamed if we do not stand up and say: We want women treated the same as men.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 222, and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration--this is the resolution calling on FIFA to pay the same; and that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.  