President, I have had the opportunity in the 40 years I have been in the Senate to lead with others of both parties many efforts to help support victims--crime victims, domestic violence victims, victims of child abuse, and human trafficking victims.  One of the things I have learned during that time is we have to pay attention to what the survivors tell us when they tell us what they need. None of us have walked in their shoes.  We can offer advice, but we can't second-guess them. We can't assume we know best. Our job is to listen and try to help them rebuild their lives.  If we would all just stop the political rhetoric and listen, the message from these survivors is clear.  Earlier this week, the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women--this, incidentally, is a coalition of thousands of organizations representing millions of survivors of domestic and sexual violence--wrote:       We write today to express our deep concern about the      controversy of inserting the Hyde provision into the Justice      for Victims of Trafficking Act. The House passed a version of      that Act that did not include this new Hyde provision and we      ask the Senate to the do the same.  I agree with them. I worked very closely with this group for more than 2 years as we drafted the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act. They are some of the most dedicated advocates I have ever worked with and I listen to what they say. I believe they are showing us the way forward.  The House version of the very bill we are debating today does not contain the unnecessary destructive provision that wreaks such havoc here. Speaker John Boehner found a way to bring the House together--Republicans and Democrats--and passed a bill without injecting abortion politics into the discussion. Now, if that deeply divided body can do it, I would assume we can do it here in the Senate.  Some are being very casual about the divisive partisan provision that Senate Republicans injected into this Senate bill. They call it boilerplate. Well, it is not. It places limitations on the health care services victims can use as they access money collected from the very people who trafficked them.  We are not talking about taxpayers' money. We are not talking about taxpayers' dollars. We are talking about traffickers' money. This is the money traffickers would pay in fines.  Criminals have already taken away so many choices for these young women and girls, and we shouldn't be taking away their right to make their own health care choices. We certainly should not require these survivors to have to prove they were raped. That is offensive. It is wrong.  