President, I eagerly echo the words of my dear friend, the senior Senator from Illinois. This is a great, historic moment. Earlier today, we ended the filibuster on this woman, Loretta Lynch. We ended the filibuster of her nomination to be Attorney General of the United States.  The good news is that we ended the filibuster. The bad news is that for the first time in our Nation's history, we had to overcome a filibuster for an Attorney General nominee--of either party. Eighty-two prior Attorneys General, going back to George Washington straight through, and not one of them has been treated the way Loretta Lynch has been treated.  I have come to know what a strong and good woman she is from her time as U.S. attorney and straight through to her confirmation hearing. At her confirmation hearing, those opposed to her brought witnesses but when I asked them, are there any of you who would vote against her, not a single hand went up.  You see, I know her strengths. I know she has persevered through much more difficult circumstances in her life. I believe this will make her even stronger. But do I hope after this extended delay, that Senate Republicans will show her more respect as Attorney General of the United States than she has received as a nominee.  She deserves all of America's respect and our gratitude for being willing to continue to serve our Nation. Loretta Lynch is eminently qualified to be Attorney General. She has twice been unanimously confirmed by the Senate to be U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. Her record as a top Federal prosecutor in Brooklyn is unimpeachable.  I have no doubt that as Attorney General, Ms. Lynch will effectively, fairly, and independently enforce the law.  She has received the highest praise from those on both sides of the aisle. A group of 26 former United States Attorneys from both Republican and Democratic administrations have written, ``Ms. Lynch has the experience, temperament, independence, integrity, and judgment to immediately assume this critically important position.'' A former Associate Attorney General serving at the Justice Department under President Bush wrote to me saying that ``[Ms. Lynch is] uniquely qualified to serve as Attorney General.'' Former Republican mayor of New York City, Rudy Guiliani, said, ``If I were in the Senate, I would confirm her,'' and Louis Freeh, former director of the FBI and Federal judge, has written ``[i]n my twenty-five years of public service--23 in the Department of Justice--I cannot think of a more qualified nominee to be America's chief law enforcement officer.'' This is just a glimpse of the broad support she has received.  Loretta Lynch deserves to be considered by this Chamber based on her record, her accomplishments, and her extraordinary character. Let us come together. Let us make history by confirming Loretta Lynch to be the first African-American woman to serve as Attorney General of the United States.  I ask unanimous consent to yield back all time.  