Unfortunately, they do not go into the facts, as the Second Circuit did; they invoke fearmongering and dubious claims about the utility of the bulk collection programs to defend the status quo. These are the same arguments we heard last November when we were not even allowed to debate an earlier version of the USA FREEDOM Act because of a filibuster.  Last week, some Senators came to the floor to argue that the NSA's bulk collection of phone records might have prevented 9/11. Now, this specter is always raised, that it might have prevented 9/11 and is vital to national security. We also heard that if we enact the USA FREEDOM Act, that will somehow return the intelligence community to a pre-9/11 posture. None of these claims can withstand the light of day.  I will go back to some of the facts--not just hypotheses. Richard Clarke was working in the Bush administration on September 11, 2001. I asked him whether the NSA program would have prevented those attacks. He testified that the government already had the information that could have prevented the attacks, but failed to properly share that information among Federal agencies. Likewise, Senator Bob Graham, who investigated the September 11 attacks as part of the Senate Intelligence Committee, also debunked the notion that this bulk collection program would somehow have prevented the 9/11 attacks.  The NSA's bulk collection of phone records simply has not been vital to thwarting terrorist attacks. When the NSA was embarrassed by the theft of all of their information and the news about the NSA's phone metadata program first broke, they defended the program by saying it had helped thwart 54 terrorist attacks. Well, I convened public hearings on this and under public scrutiny, that figure of 54 initially shrunk to: Well, maybe a dozen. We scrutinized that further. They said: Well, maybe it was two. Everybody realized that the government had to tell the truth in these open hearings. And then they said: Maybe it was one. That sole example was not a ``terrorist attack'' that was thwarted. It was a material support conviction involving $8,000 not a terrorist plot.  Numerous independent experts also have concluded that the NSA's bulk collection program is not essential to national security. I mention these things, because as soon as you come down and say: We are all going to face another 9/11, we are all going to face ISIS, we are all going to face these terrible attacks if we do not have this program--yet we can show that it has not stopped any attacks.  The President's Review Group, which included former national security officials, stated: The bulk collection of American's phone records was not essential to preventing attacks, and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using conventional Section 215 orders.  So we can go with hysteria and overstatements or we can go with facts. In my State of Vermont, we like facts. We should not be swayed by fearmongering. Congress cannot simply reauthorize the expiring provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act without enacting real reforms.  When the House passes the USA FREEDOM Act tomorrow and sends it to the Senate, we should take it up immediately, pass that bill. The American people are counting on us to take action. They did not elect us to just kick the can down the road or blindly rubber stamp intelligence activities that now have been found by the court to be illegal. Congress should pass the USA FREEDOM Act this week.  I thank my good friend from Utah for yielding to me. I totally agree with his position.  