President, I realize the devil is always in the details. I see the distinguished senior Senator from Texas on the floor and I hope we are getting somewhere on trafficking.  I appreciate the fact that this body, when we were doing the Violence Against Women Act, voted for the anti-sex trafficking amendment I proposed. And the majority of the Senators at the time voted for the final version of the Violence Against Women Act, which included anti-sex trafficking language, and that bill has been signed into law. We should continue on with this bill, which adds to what we did a couple of years ago. But I am concerned, as I have said many times, that we have held up Loretta Lynch because of this. I cannot see what the corollary is.  My friends on the other side of the aisle told me, when they had to wait for 3 or 4 days for a Republican nominee on the floor to get confirmed, that it was too long. They would warn us of national security concerns. Well, Loretta Lynch has waited on the floor for a vote for 54 days. I want to put this in some context. Attorney General Holder waited 5 days. Attorney General Mukasey waited 2 days. Attorney General Gonzales waited 8 days. Attorney General Ashcroft waited 2 days. Attorney General Reno waited 1 day. Attorney General Barr waited 5 days. Attorney General Thornburgh waited 1 day. If we take those seven most recent Attorneys General and take all the time that they waited on the floor and add it all together, it comes to 24 days. Loretta Lynch has waited 54 days on the floor--more than twice as long as the seven most recent Attorneys General combined.  Then we still have the Deputy Attorney General nominee, whose background is virtually the same as Loretta Lynch's. Both are highly respected prosecutors. Both have prosecuted matters involving the issues we are trying to stop here on the floor--terrorists, traffickers, and white-collar criminals. Once we are done with Loretta Lynch, we have to get her deputy confirmed. I hope both of these highly qualified women are confirmed soon. It has already taken too long.  These delays create a morale problem in the Department of Justice--one of our first lines against terrorists and organized crime. We have some superb men and women who work at the Department of Justice. Some came during Republican administrations, and some came during Democratic administrations. I have met many of these men and women, from both Republican and Democratic administrations, and I am so impressed by them and their dedication. Most of them could leave, go to a law firm, and make a lot more money, but they are dedicated to this country. It is demoralizing to them when we hold the position of Attorney General in limbo. We should stop. The Department of Justice is something we should, whenever possible, keep politics out of.  Remember, too, it is not the ``Secretary of Justice,'' like we have the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Agriculture and so on--a member, as some might suggest, of the President's staff. This is the Attorney General of the United States. They represent you. They represent me. They represent everybody.  I have often told a story about when I was a young law student at Georgetown. The then-Attorney General invited four or five students from different law schools to meet. He reviewed our grades, invited us in to actually spend an hour with him and encouraged us to come work with the Department of Justice.  I remember one of the questions I asked that Attorney General. I said: If you are Attorney General of the United States and you are asked to prosecute somebody who is close to the President, what do you do?  He said: Well, if they should be prosecuted, they would be treated the same as anybody else, and we would prosecute them as such.  I declined the offer to go work at the Department of Justice. I was homesick and wanted to get back to Vermont. Both my wife and I wanted to get back. I wanted to practice law there, which I did, and I actually became a prosecutor. But I often thought of what the Attorney General said to me about his role. Subsequently a man in Illinois who was critical to the election of the next President ran afoul of the law and the same Attorney General signed offon his prosecution. When asked by some of his staff, ``Well, are you sure you are OK with this?'' he said, ``He committed a crime. He should be prosecuted. Even though I probably won't go to many family reunions for some time after doing this.'' This was, of course, Attorney General Robert Kennedy, and the man he prosecuted was critical to the election of his brother John Kennedy as President. I always admired that he was willing to do that--that he put his duties as a prosecutor first ahead of any political duties. I believe Loretta Lynch will do the same.  Sometimes young law students can be very impressionable, but I have never forgotten that time sitting there with Attorney General Kennedy. I have never forgotten how I had to wrestle with the decision to turn down his offer, but it was a family decision and one I have never regretted. I went back to Vermont, and things turned out all right. I have had the privilege of representing Vermont for over 40 years in this body. But that conversation is something I will always remember. It is one of the reasons I went on to the Judiciary Committee. It is one of the reasons I took, when it was offered to me, the chairmanship of the Committee and it is one of the reasons why I am now ranking member.  Incidentally, the men and women who work there, on both sides of the aisle, are brilliant lawyers, hard-working people. Kristine Lucius is my chief counsel, and I don't know a better lawyer anywhere than she is or anybody who works harder than she does.  We have a lot of issues before the Judiciary Committee. Senator Grassley is my friend. We have been friends for over 30 years. I won't speak for him, but I suspect he would say we have things to get going to. So I hope we are able to get this trafficking matter taken care of and get the Attorney General and Deputy Attorney General confirmed.  In the last 2 years of President Bush's second term, Democrats had come back into the majority. I wanted to show that we would try to keep partisanship out, and as chairman, I had moved 15 of President Bush's judges through to confirmation by this time in his second term. We moved them far more rapidly than Republicans had toward the end of President Clinton's term.  I am glad we have been able to confirm two judges this Congress. They were both judges from Texas whom I supported. I complimented the two Senators from Texas because of their work in picking candidates who would be judges first and foremost without reference to whatever political background they may have. I hope we can now start doing what we did with President Bush and confirm more.  Let's stop making judges political. I am afraid that there could be good men and women who will decline the cut in pay and everything else to become a Federal judge if they think they are going to have to put their life on hold for 6 months or a year to get there--even more so for key positions such as Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, and others in the Department of Justice. We can fight over political issues but this should be outside of that.  The distinguished senior Senator from Texas was a judge and has a prosecutorial background. He and I have worked closely together on a number of issues--the Freedom of Information Act being one of them. And I suspect we will work together on a number of issues to come. Let's get past this roadblock and onto other things.  I see him on the floor.  I yield the floor.  