President, when the Senate took up the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, I opposed it. I did not believe that the Senate had fully debated some of the most consequential provisions of the bill. But a majority of the Senate allowed that bill to move forward, and now we have a compromise before us that is a step even further backward.  The biggest but by no means only problem with this bill is, of course, the overseas contingency operations account, which has been turned into an escape hatch for defense spending over Budget Control Act caps. Those caps imposed by the Budget Control Act--across defense and nondefense spending--were intended to force Congress to the table to realistically address fiscal concerns. Today, those caps are hurting defense spending, though not nearly as much as they are devastating domestic spending.  Other problematic sections are related to Bush-era detainees kept at Guantanamo Bay. The new Guantanamo restrictions contained in this conference report are a needless barrier to efforts to finally shutter that detention facility. The bill would continue the unnecessary ban on constructing facilities within the United States to house Guantanamo detainees and the counterproductive prohibition on transferring detainees to the United States for detention or trial. Even more troubling, this year's NDAA would undo the important step taken by Congress in 2013 to streamline procedures for transferring detainees to foreign countries. Section 1034 of this year's bill would reimpose onerous, unnecessary, and unrealistic certification requirements that must be satisfied before transferring detainees to third countries--a step in exactly the wrong direction. Transfers should be accelerating, not slowing down.  As long as Guantanamo remains open, it will continue to serve as a recruitment tool for terrorists and tarnish America's historic role as a champion of human rights. Maintaining the detention facility at Guantanamo is also a tremendous waste of taxpayer dollars. We spend an astonishing amount at Guantanamo--a single detainee costs approximately $3.4 million per year to maintain--at a time when budgets are tight and that money is needed elsewhere; yet this conference report does not even include the cost-saving measure from the Senate bill that would allow detainees to be brought to the U.S. on a temporary basis for medical treatment. Closing Guantanamo is the morally and fiscally responsible thing to do, and I strongly oppose the unnecessary statutory restrictions in this conference report.  The concerns with this conference report do not end with Guantanamo Bay. Massive changes to our procurement system that will recreate stovepipes we eliminated with the Goldwater-Nichols reforms and adjustments to benefits given to men and women who serve and have served in order to pay our bills are just two examples. But what's not included is significant, too. There are several provisions related to the National Guard that enjoyed strong Senate support and yet were stripped in this so-called compromise, most inexplicably a provision I authored to better account for the requirements placed on the Guard. A similar provision was included in the House-passed bill. Rather than compromising between the two as the rules call for, both were simply dropped from the bill.  It is too bad that, in exchange for these controversial provisions, good policy will be left behind. This NDAA would have promoted the bipartisan National Guard State Partnership Program Enhancement Act to strengthen the State Partnership Program, which leverages unique National Guard capabilities and relationships to bolster our national security agenda around the world, at pennies on the dollar. This would have been a considerable improvement.  I want to recognize Senator McCain's efforts to ensure that the conference report includes the McCain-Feinstein antitorture amendment. That provision would codify in statute the interrogation standards in the Army Field Manual--not just for military personnel, but for intelligence agents as well. Last year, Senator Feinstein and the Senate Intelligence Committee exposed the CIA's horrific practices under the Bush administration. The McCain-Feinstein amendment is the next step toward ensuring that America never tortures again. If this bill does not become law, the Senate should take action to make the McCain-Feinstein amendment law this year.  Every year, the National Defense Authorization Act provides an opportunity for Congress to support our men and women in uniform and align our national security priorities with our fiscal obligations. This bill falls far short, and I cannot give it my support.  