President, I wish to thank the Senator from Minnesota for his words. The press and everybody else does not see the hundreds of hours of negotiations between Democrats and Republicans, Senators and Members of the House of Representatives working on this. The Senator from Minnesota is one of those who worked very hard to get us to the point where we are today. It has not been easy. Nobody got everything they wanted. I didn't get everything I wanted. Senator Lee didn't get everything he wanted. The Senator from Minnesota didn't get everything he wanted. But because of the work of people such as the Senator from Minnesota, we have a far better piece of legislation, and it is probably why it passed overwhelmingly in the other body, with Republicans and Democrats agreeing. In fact, that is why we have to reject these amendments and we have to cleanly pass the House-passed USA FREEDOM Act.  Again, I cannot emphasize to Senators how much time has gone into this by key Republicans and key Democrats in the House and key Republicans and key Democrats in the Senate. We have worked behind the scenes for days, weeks, and months to get here.  Cleanly passing the House-passed USA FREEDOM Act is the only way to avoid prolonging the uncertainty that the intelligence community now faces because of the lapse in the three authorities this past Sunday. I think both Senator Lee and I would agree the lapse in authorities was entirely avoidable. The Senate majority has put the intelligence community and the American people in this position because of a manufactured crisis, procedural delays.  Understand that any changes in this bill--as I have stated and as the distinguished senior Senator from California has indicated, as well as others, any changes in the bill will force it back to the House, and there is absolutely no guarantee that the House will accept the Senate's changes and pass the new bill. In fact, the House Republican majority leader said this morning that it would be a challenge to pass any bill that came back with changes. The Republican chairman of the House Judiciary Committee put it more bluntly. He warned that any amendments would likely make the sunsets permanent. Keep that in mind.  We can pass some amendments we may not think are major, although some of us think they are, but by passing them, all those who say they want to give the tools to the intelligence community--they are making the sunsets permanent if we pass these amendments.  So I urge Senators to oppose all of the amendments that are being offered by the majority leader. Senator Blumenthal, Senator Franken, and others have spoken about the reasons to oppose the FISA Court amicus amendment and the substitute amendment. I agree with them wholeheartedly, and I thank them for their leadership. As I said earlier to others, Senator Blumenthal used his experience as a former attorney general, former U.S. attorney to work on the amicus provision.  I also urge Senators to oppose the amendment which would leave the current bulk collection program in place for a full year. Extending the current bulk collection program for a full yearis unnecessary. Beyond being unnecessary, it creates significant legal uncertainty for the government. Remember, a Federal appellate court has already ruled that the program is unlawful, and they upheld a provision assuming that Congress is going to change it. But it is very obvious when we read the Second Circuit opinion that they mean a relatively short time, not a year.  So the amendment to leave the bulk collection program in place for a full year is only going to invite further legal challenges. It will also delay implementation of tools the intelligence community has asked us to provide, including what is in this bill--a new emergency authority to request business records under section 215.  I can't say enough about all of the work we have put in for 2 years across the aisle and across the Capitol. This is a bill which brings much needed reform to the government's surveillance authorities, but it also ensures that the intelligence community has the tools to keep us safe.  The USA FREEDOM Act is milestone legislation. It will enact the most significant reforms of government surveillance powers since the USA PATRIOT Act. I am proud of the bipartisan and the bicameral effort that led to this bill.  Today, we can pass important surveillance reform legislation and then work to build on these reforms in coming years.  So I urge Senators to oppose all amendments and then vote to pass the USA FREEDOM Act, just as the House passed it. We don't need to inject any more uncertainty or delay into the process. None of these amendments are worth causing further delay. Pass it. This will be signed into law tonight by the President.  I see the distinguished majority leader on the floor, so I yield the floor.  