We have worked together on many pieces of legislation over the years. In fact, I hoped we could have gotten this trafficking bill up during the last Congress, as he knows. Unfortunately, there were objections raised and we couldn't. I hope we are not going to get into a question where we compare apples and oranges and forget what we are supposed to be doing.  The distinguished Senator says on the one hand during the debate on the Affordable Care Act, according to him--and I will take him at his word--that this language was in there and every Democrat voted for it--which meant, of course, that every Republican voted against it. If you are going to use and follow his argument that the language in the Affordable Care Act was voted for by Democrats, it was voted against by Republicans.  I am not suggesting they don't care about the Hyde amendment because they voted against it, according to the Senator from Texas. But let's talk about things that should be on appropriations bills.  I am one of the few Members of either party in this body who has actually prosecuted child molesters. I am one of the few Members of this body who has actually gone to crime scenes and seen the results of child molestation. I am one of the few people in this body who has prosecuted a child molester, not with evidence from the child, but because the child was dead. The young boy had been raped by the man whom I prosecuted, and molested over a long period of time.  So I don't need to have people tell me about the horrors of child molestation. I have seen it. I remember being in a room and looking at that dead child, the same age as one of my children. And I remember the man who did it who would have done anything to escape my prosecution, and I worked day and night around the clock for weeks. I was a young prosecutor in my twenties, and I prosecuted him and convicted him. He went up on appeal to the Supreme Court--our Supreme Court--and I argued that appeal myself, and his conviction was upheld.  So I know the need for this. Let's not let political ``gotcha'' games stop us from legislation that might protect these people.  The Senator from Texas suggests I want more money. That is not quite what I said. He said he wanted $30 million based on fines. I said I just want to guarantee that $30 million was there. I think again of that child molester, that child murderer. He was just one of the many cases I prosecuted. We could have fined him $1 million or $20 million or $1 billion--or $200--and he would not have been able to pay it and wouldn't have paid it. If the victim had lived, there would be no money.  All I want to make sure of--and I would be happy to see--is that if there are fines collected, that they go to help victims as they should. But if no money is collected from fines, I want to make sure there is money. We will prosecute somebody who has been involved with child trafficking or child molestation. We will prosecute them, as we should. They will go to prison and we will spend $25,000 to $35,000 a year of taxpayer dollars to keep them in prison, and we should. But we will say to the victim: I am sorry; we fined him $100,000 to go to the victims' fund, but he is basically judgment proof. I just want you to know we had good intentions. If he had paid that $100,000 fine, we would have given it to you to help you. But, gosh, go in peace. Have a good life.  All I am saying is this: If there is money from a fine, sure. The Senator from Texas and I agree that it should be put in the Fund. But if there are no funds, don't promise a $30 million pot of money that will never be filled if there are no fines, if there is no money in it. If there is money from fines, put the money from fines in, but where there is a difference between the amount that is in there and the $30 million, then shouldn't we, as a country that spends trillions of dollars, give the difference between the fines and the actual $30 million? Shouldn't we care about these victims? Shouldn't we care about the people who are victimized?  Shouldn't we also do this: If we have the money in there, we could take increased steps to prevent victims from becoming victims in the first place. I would have given anything if there had been some program, some money, to have found out that this child I talked about was being victimized, and then we could have stopped it before the State's attorney got called in to look at the dead body. How much better it would have been if we could have stopped it to begin with.  So all I am saying is this: I am happy to work with the senior Senator from Texas on this bill, just as I was last year. We had a bill without this provision, and I was hoping and trying to get consent to bring it up and pass it when we had a bill without this provision. It is important to note, though, that when it didn't have this provision last year, I wish we could have passed it. Now let's work on a bill that will pass. If you want to score political points, do it on something that doesn't involve vulnerable children. Let's work together to get a bill passed that helps them. And let's make sure that on the point I raised, that we address this at some point. If there is going to be $30 million worth of fines that go in there, I am all for it. My guess is that we would be lucky to get a small percentage of that.  Back when this came up in the House of Representatives, they rejected this method of funding, and they called it budgetary gimmickry. Actually, what the House did in authorizing the bill--they did what they were supposed to do. They authorized actual funding so we could stand up for the victims of human trafficking, not just stand here trying to score political points.  In other words, let's have the money. Let's make sure the money is there. This is like saying: If you commit a crime, we are going to fine you $100 million or $300 million or $1 billion. But if the person never had more than a net worth of $1,000, what difference does it make? Put real teeth in here. Stop the traffickers, and ensure there is money to help the victims. Have money to help the victims.  The distinguished Presiding Officer was one of the senators who testified at the Judiciary Committee hearing on human trafficking last month. Other senators testified as well. Their testimony had people tearing people up. The distinguished Presiding Officer was attorney general for her State. She understands the reality of this, as I do and others do.  It has been years since I was State's attorney, but, I say to my friend from Texas, I still wake up some nights from nightmares about the crime scenes I went to. I would wake up from them at night when we were debating the Violence Against Women Act, and I am glad that Republicans and Democrats joined together on that both here and in the other body so we could pass it. A victim is a victim is a victim, not a number, not a concept. Those of us who have spent time with victims and those of us who have been at crime scenes of victims understand this. Too often victims could no longer speak, could no longer testify. We would hear about them at their funeral.  We can do better. So let's not talk about who scores points or who doesn't score points. There are good people who worked on this, good people in both parties. We are not going to be voting on something tonight, I imagine. Let's spend the time between now and tomorrow sitting down and trying to work out a way forward. Save the political points for something where the most vulnerable in society do not suffer. We can talk about what we will do on stock frauds or who gets taxed or what regulations we will have for corporations. There, raise your points. Make political points there. But for anyone who has seen these victims and anyone who has talked with these victims and anyone who has been with these victims, they know this is not the time for politics.  Let's get together this evening or tomorrow. Let's work it out so we can have something that will really protect victims, something that will have real funding to protect them--not something illusion, but real funding. And maybe if we can do that, I might have less nightmares about some of those victims I saw.  My friend from Texas was a judge; he certainly saw those cases. The Presiding Officer was attorney general; she saw those cases. We have a number of former prosecutors on both sides here. Any one of us who has handled these cases has to remember every single aspect of them.  I remember preparing for trial in these cases, having young children at home. I would work late in the office. I wouldn't bring the materials home at all because I didn't want my kids to see what I was looking at. I will admit there is another reason: I didn't want my children to see their father cry as I read these police investigations. These aren't statistics; these are real people. Let's work together.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  