President, today, we will finally vote on the nomination of Judge Ann Donnelly to be a Federal district judge in the Eastern District of New York. She was first nominated for this judicial emergency vacancy nearly a year ago, back in November 2014. She was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by unanimous voice vote over 4 months ago on June 4, but since then she has been blocked from receiving a vote on the Senate floor. Senator Schumer has twice sought to secure a vote for Judge Donnelly through unanimous consent requests in July and September, but was blocked by Republicans both times. No substantive reason was given for this obstruction, which is hurting both our justice system and the people who seek justice in those courts.  Judge Donnelly is not the only New York nominee ready for a vote today on the Executive Calendar. LaShann Hall, a partner at a prominent national law firm, was nominated to the other judicial emergency vacancy in the Eastern District of New York last November as well. She was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by unanimous voice vote at the same time as Judge Donnelly, and she is still awaiting a vote.  Also waiting for a vote is Lawrence Vilardo, who has been nominated to the vacancy in the Western District of New York in Buffalo. The Western District of New York has one of the busiest caseloads in the country and handles more criminal cases than Washington, DC, Boston, or Cleveland; yet there is not a single active Federal judge in that district, and the court is staying afloat only through the voluntary efforts of two judges on senior status who are hearing cases in their retirement. Despite these circumstances, Republicans continue to hold Mr. Vilardo's nomination up as well. There is no good reason why these two other noncontroversial New York nominees could not be confirmed today. The same goes for the rest of the noncontroversial judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar.  In the Judiciary Committee, I have continued to work with Chairman Grassley to hold hearings on judicial nominees. We will hold a hearing tomorrow for four more judicial nominees. But the pattern we have seen over the last 9 months is that, once nominees are voted out of committee and awaiting confirmation on the floor, the Republican leadership refuses to schedule votes. So far this year, we have only confirmed seven judges. That is not even one judge per month. Some Republicans claim that this is reasonable, but by any measure, it is not. By this same point in 2007, when I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee and we had a Republican President, the Senate had already confirmed 33 judges. At this current rate, by the end of the year, the Senate will have confirmed the fewest number of judges in more than a half century.  This pattern is especially egregious in light of the rising number of judicial vacancies. In fact, as a direct result of Republican obstruction, vacancies haveincreased by more than 50 percent, from 43 to 67. That means there are not enough judges to handle the overwhelming number of cases in many of our Federal courtrooms. Additionally, the number of Federal court vacancies deemed to be ``judicial emergencies'' by the nonpartisan Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has increased by 158 percent since the beginning of the year. There are now 30 judicial emergency vacancies that are affecting communities across the country.  The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights recently issued a memorandum documenting the real life impact of the Senate Republicans' obstruction on the judicial confirmation process. Three States where communities are most hurt are Texas, Alabama, and Florida. Texas, for example, has nine judicial vacancies--with seven of them deemed to be judicial emergencies. Incredibly, one of the district court positions has been vacant for over 4 years, and a fifth circuit position in Texas has been vacant for more than 3 years. The memorandum reports that, in the Eastern District of Texas, the delays caused by the vacancy in that court has placed greater pressure on criminal defendants to forego trials and simply plead guilty to avoid uncertain and lengthy pretrial detentions. That is not justice.  Similarly, Alabama has five current vacancies that remain unfilled, and Florida has three. These rising vacancies are leading to an unsustainable situation in too many states. As Chief Judge Federico Moreno of the Southern District of Florida noted, ``It's like an emergency room in a hospital. The judges are used to it and people come in and out and get good treatment. But the question is, can you sustain it? Eventually you burn out.''  I urge the majority leader to schedule votes for the 14 other consensus judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar without further delay. If the Republican obstruction continues and if home State Senators cannot persuade the majority leader to schedule a vote for their nominees soon, then it is unlikely that even highly qualified nominees with Republican support will be confirmed by the end of the year. These are nominees that members of the leader's own party want confirmed. Let us work together to confirm nominees and help restore our third branch to full strength.  Shortly we will begin voting on Judge Ann Donnelly to fill a judicial emergency vacancy in the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of New York. Since September 2014, she has served as a judge on the New York County Supreme Court. Judge Donnelly previously presided on the Kings County Supreme Court from 2013 to 2014 and in the Bronx County Supreme Court from 2009 to 2013. Prior to becoming a judge, she worked at the New York County District Attorney's Office for 25 years as an assistant district attorney, senior trial counsel, and as chief of the Family Violence Child Abuse Bureau. She has the support of her two home State Senators, Senator Schumer and Senator Gillibrand. She was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by unanimous voice vote on June 4, 2015. I will vote to support her nomination.  