President, I am surely going to make a unanimous consent request, and I have notified the Republican leader of this, but before I do, I wish to make a statement on this issue. I am talking about the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program Reauthorization Act of 2015. That is a lot of words, but it is basically talking about the bulletproof vest bill Republican Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell and I first put together 17 years ago. It is a lifesaving grant program.  Senator Nighthorse Campbell and I both had the privilege of serving in various forms of law enforcement. We knew how things had changed. We knew a number of police officers, men and women, who died, were shot to death, who would have lived had they had bulletproof vests. We also knew a lot of them--especially small departments such as those in my State and many in Senator Nighthorse Campbell's State--could not afford them. That could be said of virtually every single State.  The partnership we put together has provided 13,000 State and local law enforcement agencies with nearly 1.2 million bulletproof vests for their officers. When we pass it today, the Senate will move a step closer to ensuring that for the next 5 years thousands of agencies can purchase bulletproof vests for officers serving in their communities.  These are not just empty words or an empty gesture. It is probably the most tangible support Congress can provide to law enforcement officers. It will help put vests on the backs of more than 200,000 police officers and it will save lives.  Just ask the chief of the Woodway, TX, police department, Yost Zakhary. Chief Zakhary testified at a Senate judiciary hearing last year. He broughtthis vest with him to the hearing. The officer wearing it was shot at almost pointblank range during a roadside stop. The officer lost a lot of blood--we can see it on his vest--but he did not lose his life because this vest, purchased through this partnership grant program, caught the bullet aimed at his heart.  Officer Ann Carrizales of the Stafford, TX, police department also testified at the hearing last year. She told us that her vest--because we are now beginning to buy vests that recognize the obvious differences between male and female officers--was uniquely fitted for her body. It saved her life when she was shot twice during a routine traffic stop. Her testimony was some of the most moving testimony I have heard in 40 years in the Senate. She brought with her nearly 200 letters from her daughter's elementary school. They saw how a daughter's mother's life was saved, and they all called for the Senate to act.  This bill is important to law enforcement around the Nation. It is certainly important to my little State of Vermont. Vermont law enforcement agencies have received nearly 4,400 protective vests from this program, and those officers throughout Vermont, as well as around the Nation, are better protected and better able to do their jobs. I am proud to share that recent recipients in Vermont include agencies in Addison County, Barre City, Barre Town, Bennington County, Berlin, Brattleboro, Burlington, Caledonia County, Chester, Dover, Essex County, Essex Junction, Franklin County, Grand Isle County, Hardwick, Hartford, Ludlow, Middlebury, Milton, Montpelier, Morristown, Newport, Northfield, Norwich, Orange County, Orleans County, Richmond, Rutland, Shelburne, South Burlington, Springfield, St. Albans, St. Johnsbury, Stowe, Waterbury Village, Weathersfield, Williston, Windsor County, Windsor, and Winooski.  It has helped to make protective vests standard equipment for law enforcement agencies across the country. Yet, for far too many jurisdictions--especially smaller and rural agencies such as those in Vermont--they know the vests still cost too much and wear out too soon. They actually work.  I remember to this day a young police officer who was in and testified before our Senate Judiciary Committee. He had his mother and his father, his wife and his children lined up behind him. He said to us: I love police work. The only thing I love more than that is my family. He said: There was a day when I thought I would never see my family again. Again, it was a routine traffic stop, but the man stepped out and shot him twice, pointblank. He reached under and pulled up the bulletproof vest, and we could see the two slugs embedded in the vest.  He said: My mother and father and my wife and my children came to the hospital to see me. I had cracked ribs that day, but they knew they could bring me home to be with them the next day.  They are not going to save every officer, of course, but they have saved more than 3,000 law enforcement officers since 1987. I have met with police officers such as the one I just described, who are alive today because of vests purchased through this program. They will tell us the program saves lives. But it is also for the members of their families, seeing them going off to work knowing they have put it on. That makes a difference.  This bill also contains a number of improvements to the grant program. I want to thank Senator Feinstein for helping to improve the bill so that it provides incentives for agencies to provide uniquely fitted vests for female officers. The bill also ensures that agencies have mandatory-wear policies to ensure that the vests are used regularly.  This is not a partisan issue. I remember walking down the street in Denver, CO, where Ben Nighthorse Campbell and I first started this. A police officer walked up to me and said: Are you Patrick Leahy of Vermont? And I said: Yes. He tapped his chest and said thank you and moved on.  Senator Graham is a lead cosponsor of this legislation. I wish to thank Senator Graham for his important efforts to help pass this legislation.  I am also thankful to the law enforcement community. They have long spoken with a single voice on this issue. They don't care whether we are Republicans or Democrats; they just care about this issue.  So if we pass this bill today and move it to the House of Representatives, I would urge the Speaker to quickly take up the bill so the President can sign it next week as we approach National Police Week. Now is the time to honor the brave men and women of law enforcement who have lost their lives serving their communities. Let's put real meaning behind our words and tributes. It is time to pass this bill.  I see my friend from Oklahoma on the floor.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 32, S. 125; that a Lee amendment which is at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill.  