Unfortunately, I had a nose bleed, and I had to stop my speech. I think I am not used to the elevation--the altitude of the Senate--but after over 40 years I should be.  I was saying earlier, I had hoped we begin this 114th Congress by showing the American people that Congress is putting the needs of hard-working American families first. I wish we were considering legislation to support the Highway Trust Fund. That supports tens of thousands of jobs around the country in every one of our States. I wish we were considering tax legislation to bring investments to our small local businesses and encouraging energy efficiency in construction and investment. I wish we were finding places to support the educational pursuits of our children. I would like to maintain our status as a premier leader on the world stage.  Instead, we are considering legislation that puts Canadian tar sands--which are intended for export, not to be used in the United States--as our priority. The pipeline will support 35 permanent jobs--just 35--not hundreds, not thousands--35. I would like to be considering legislation that creates thousands of jobs. It is hard not to question whether the new Senate majority is truly focused on the needs of hardworking Americans.  Some who support the legislation claim the pipeline is truly ``shovel ready.'' They claim the project has been thoroughly studied and analyzed, and that the Administration sat for 6 years with no decision on the permit.  Even before the Nebraska Supreme Court recently released its decision on the location of this pipeline, the Republican leadership said this should be our priority even ahead of that decision. The decision did not clarify lingering questions about the process. In fact, the majority of the justices said the decision to circumvent the public process and block Nebraskans' ability to raise concerns about the pipeline was unconstitutional. Four of the seven justices said that it is unconstitutional under State law. But in their state procedure, you need a supermajority of 5 of the 7 justices to halt this project, so the landowners' appeal was rejected.  What bothers me is not only that the majority opinion is being ignored in Nebraska but that the legislation approved last week by the House in consideration here would remove consideration of all appeals. You have to take them out of local Federal courts and put them before the DC Circuit. In other words, if you are in a State where this pipeline goes through your community and you have a question, you would have to make an appeal to the DC Circuit. What that is saying is that Congress believes that Washington knows best. Frankly, the people in my State of Vermont--and I suspect in States across the country--would prefer to trust the courts in their States.  We ought to be showing the American people that Congress cares more about the public process and the public's access to their courts, than about the wishes of foreign special interests. That is why I have offered an amendment that would strike the judicial review provision and restore the role of local federal district courts in reviewing challenges arising from the Keystone Pipeline.  The majority leader promised an open debate and open amendment process. I appreciate that. I certainly have concerns about circumventing what would be normal court procedure and the President's approval process, and I want to be able to address that. But more than that, I hope this debate can be an open and honest conversation, not about a pipeline that supports special interests but about the direction in which our country is moving on sustainable energy, on job creation, and on issues as fundamental to all Americans--Republicans or Democrats--as who will have access to our courts. Will it just be special interests or will it be the American people? I prefer the American people.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). The Senator from Louisiana.  