They want to know what the courts are doing.  As to secret operations, of course, you have had briefings on those. I have had briefings on those. I have been in places I will not name here. They are places overseas where I was there in the operations center as operations were taking place and being briefed on what they did, where they got the information, and what they were going to do next. Of course, none of that you want to be reading in the press or seeing in real time.  But I also know that when we are dealing with Americans and with their lives and with their sense of privacy, we have to protect them. The USA FREEDOM Act makes very simple changes to the FISA court. The bill provides the FISA Court with the authority to designate individuals who have security clearances to be able to serve as an amicus or a friend of the court. It is triggered in only relatively rare cases involving a novel or significant issue of law, and the decision of appointment is left entirely up to the court. That is about as narrowly drawn as you can get. But I think we have to have this ability to know what the court is doing because we have known for years that the FISA Court secretly misinterpreted Section 215 to allow for the dragnet collection of Americans' phone records.  I would be happy to yield to the Senator from Connecticut, who has worked so hard on this and is a former attorney general of his own State.  My own experience in getting search warrants for phone records or anything else as a prosecutor--and I realize it is not of the complexity of what we have today, but I realize we had to follow the law--is that, ultimately, that protects us more than anything else. I do not want this administration or any other administration to have the ability just to go anywhere they want. I am not encouraged by those who say this is so carefully maintained. We were given information earlier that just a small number of people can have access to those records. I guess it is one less since Edward Snowden walked out the door with all of it.  I will yield to the Senator from Connecticut if he would like to speak on this subject.  The Senator from Oregon has been such a strong and passionate leader on this, and I know from what I hear from the people of my State and when I am down in his State that people want us to be safe, but they also want their privacy protected.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Flake). The Senator from Connecticut.  