Though there are some minor wording changes, these provisions are substantively identical to the version in the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014. For section 215 and the FISA pen register and trap and trace device statutes, under the bill the government must use a ``specific selection term'' to limit its collection and demonstrate reasonable grounds to believe that the records sought are relevant to the underlying investigation, which cannot be a threat assessment. These requirements are independent of each other, and both must be satisfied.  The USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 is being considered with full knowledge of the Second Circuit's decision in ACLU v. Clapper and its interpretation of the term ``relevant,'' which rejects the prior reading of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. According to the Second Circuit, information that the government seeks to obtain must be presently relevant to the specific underlying investigation. The Second Circuit correctly noted:       ``Relevance'' does not exist in the abstract; something is      ``relevant'' or not in relation to a particular subject.      Thus, an item relevant to a grand jury investigation may not      be relevant at trial. In keeping with this usage, Sec. 215      does not permit an investigative demand for any information      relevant to fighting the war on terror, or anything relevant      to whatever the government might want to know. It permits      demands for documents ``relevant to an authorized      investigation.'' The government has not attempted to identify      to what particular ``authorized investigation'' the bulk      metadata of virtually all Americans' phone calls are      relevant. Throughout its briefing, the government refers to      the records collected under the telephone metadata program as      relevant to ``counterterrorism investigations,'' without      identifying any specific investigations to which such bulk      collection is relevant. . . . Put another way, the government      effectively argues that there is only one enormous ``anti-     terrorism'' investigation, and that any records that might      ever be of use in developing any aspect of that investigation      are relevant to the overall counterterrorism effort. The      government's approach essentially reads the ``authorized      investigation'' language out of the statute. Indeed, the      government's information-gathering under the telephone      metadata program is inconsistent with the very concept of an      ``investigation.''  The USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 reauthorizes section 215, but it does so in light of the understanding of how the Second Circuit interprets ``relevance.''  