President, we did not have to end up here, just hours away from the midnight expiration of three surveillance authorities, and having just moved to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act.  I have tried since last year to move legislation through the Senate to address these sunsets. In November, Senator Reid brought the USA FREEDOM Act to the floor but the Republican leadership of the Senate blocked debate on it. When they took over the Senate, they assured us that they would send bills--including this one--through appropriate committee process. There were promises that the new leadership would not fill the amendment tree, and would use a transparent legislative process. But not one of those promises has been fulfilled with respect to any legislation dealing with the upcoming sunsets.  Once again this year, I proposed with Senator Lee a new version of the USA FREEDOM Act. That bill had significant process in the House, where it passed by an overwhelming margin earlier this month. And once again, the bipartisan coalition here in the Senate tried to get the bill passed. Two Fridays ago, the Senate Republican leadership did not allow us to debate the bill.  Tonight, the Senate did the right thing by invoking cloture on the motion to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act. I am glad to see several Republicans switched their votes. This is significant progress, but it is late in coming.  We should have proceeded to this bill two Fridays ago. Had we done so, we could have stayed here to do our work, considered amendments, and passed the bill well in advance of tonight's sunset. Instead, we are hours away from expiration and just now considering legislation that many of us have been working on for years. Our intelligence community needs predictability and certainty, not a manufactured crisis.  If all Senators cooperate, we can finish this bill tonight. We can consider ahandful of amendments under a time agreement, and pass this bill before midnight. That would be the responsible thing to do.  