We all agree on that. We also want to make sure that we keep Americans free and that their constitutional freedoms are protected. None of us would think that we were making the country safer if we were to try to pass a law that said law enforcement or anybody else can walk into our homes at any time they want and go through any files we have, follow us anywhere they wanted just on a whim. We would be totally opposed to that. But some would say that in the aftermath of 9/11, in some of the aspects of the PATRIOT Act, we did just that.  Congressman Armey, who was the Republican leader, the majority leader of the House at the time--a very conservative Republican--he and I joined together after consultation to put into the PATRIOT Act sunset provisions which would require us to have the debate we are having right now.  We talk about consultation. The fact is that there have been hours and days and weeks and months of consultation between the House and the Senate on the USA FREEDOM Act. We had a bill before us last year that was filibustered. It still got 58 votes. That was done in consultation with the House. The majority leader of the House has already said--the Republican leader--he has warned the Senate not to move ahead with planned changes to the House bill because it could bring real challenges in getting the USA FREEDOM Act passed through the House again.  The fact is that we have had so much consultation. Senator Lee, I, Republicans and Democrats have met continuously for months--even a year--with House Republicans and House Democrats to get the bill that is before us now. That is probably why it passed by such a lopsided margin in the House of Representatives.  My distinguished friend from Texas says these are minor changes. Well, actually, they are not. One would weaken the FISA Court amicus authority. We know that for years the FISA Court secretly misinterpreted section 215. As a result, after the program leak, that is the only time the FISA Court finally heard the government's argument. Before that, they only heard the government. Once a legal reason justifying this program became public, challenges were brought, and the Second Circuit last month ruled unanimously that the program was unlawful.  Having amicus in there is not having a defense attorney in a grand jury room at all. Amicus on questions of law can be invited by the court to step in. This could be a relatively rare case, completely in the discretion of the court. It is hard to talk about weakening that further, especially when we are talking about a secret court.  I oppose the amendment to extend the current bulk collection program in place for a full year. We have a 180-day transition period. And the Director ofthe NSA said: ``We are aware of no technical or security reason why this cannot be tested and brought online within the 180-day period.'' I think the NSA Director is as knowledgeable about this subject as anybody in this Chamber, and he says we can go forward with it.  I think all of these amendments that are talked about would simply delay passing an excellent piece of legislation, one that has been worked on by Republicans and Democrats for months and even years. Let's pass it today.  We hear about stopping terrorism attacks. We all want to do that. But I remember some of the statements made by a former NSA Director that this had stopped 54 terrorist attacks. When he was pressed on that claim, it came out that the bulk collection program was only important after the fact in one case--and that was not a terrorist attack.  We also know that 9/11 could have been avoided. The evidence was there. The information was there. But the dots had not been connected. Everybody was frantically taking information they already had--recordings they already had after 9/11--and saying: We ought to get around to translating what is in these things. We know that in Minnesota, the FBI warned that people were taking flight lessons and there was no good reason. That warning was ignored. They basically were told: We know better.  I remember the day or so after the attack, at FBI Headquarters, people were calling in with information from different field offices. Somebody would write it down and would hand it to somebody else who would rewrite it and hand it to somebody else who would put it in a file. They would charter planes to bring photographs around to different places so our offices could see them. And I said: Well, why don't we just email the photographs? They would say: Well, we don't have the ability to do that. I said: Well, my 11-year-old neighbor could do it for you if that would help.  The fact of the matter is we had the information prior to our own new laws, and it didn't make us safer--any more safer than when we voted for $2 to $3 trillion to go into Iraq because, as the Vice President and others were saying, they were about to attack us with nuclear weapons, and they were implying they were involved in 9/11.  