Judicial vacancies have dramatically risen in courts throughout the country because of Senate Republicans' virtual shut down of the confirmation process. Mr. President, in fact, because of the unprecedented nature of Republican obstruction, vacancies have increased by more than 50 percent, from 43 to 68. Additionally, the number of Federal court vacancies deemed to be ``judicial emergencies'' by the non-partisan Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has increased by 158 percent since the beginning of the year. There are now 31 judicial emergency vacancies that are affecting communities across the country.  The women and men who have been nominated are all highly qualified, outstanding public servants. Many of them have the support of both Republican and Democratic Senators in their States. In fact, those pending on the floor were all voted out of the Judiciary Committee in voice votes. Every single Republican and every single Democrat was supported. Those home State Republican Senators who have issued press releases and have publicly supported their judicial nominees should take the next step and ask their leader to schedule up-or-down votes.  Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo was nominated last year to fill an emergency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Pennsylvania. If confirmed, Judge Restrepo will be the first Hispanic judge from Pennsylvania to ever serve on the appellate court and only the second Hispanic judge to serve on the Third Circuit. In fact, the Senate unanimously confirmed him 2 years ago to serve as a district court judge, but Judge Restrepo, who is highly qualified, is being blocked by the Republican majority from being confirmed.  He has bipartisan support from both Pennsylvania Senators. He was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by voice vote. He has the strong endorsement of the nonpartisan Hispanic Bar Association. In fact, at his confirmation hearing Senator Toomey stated: ``There is no question [Judge Restrepo] is a very well qualified candidate to serve on the Third Circuit.'' Senator Toomey described Judge Restrepo's life story as ``an American Dream'' and recounted how Judge Restrepo came to the United States from Columbia and rose to the top of his profession by ``virtue of his hard work, his intellect, his integrity.''  So given these remarkable credentials, his wealth of experience and strong bipartisan support, the Senate should have confirmed him months ago. Instead, for 10 months, since Judge Restrepo's nomination back in November, 2014, he has been denied a vote of confirmation. Every single Senate Democrat has said they will vote for him, but he is being denied a confirmation vote by Senate Republican leadership. No one doubts he will be confirmed once the majority leader decides to schedule this vote. If he would take the time to schedule the vote, he could be voice-voted 5 minutes later.  I have heard Senator Toomey indicate his strong support and that he would like to see Judge Restrepo receive a vote, but I have yet to see him ask for a firm commitment on a vote. I have a feeling that people in Pennsylvania are wondering when this longstanding and emergency vacancy of the appeals court will be filled, when this body will stop turning its back on Pennsylvania, when the Republican leadership will allow Pennsylvania to have their voice on the circuit court.  Besides Judges Drozd and Restrepo, there are 14 other highly qualified judicial nominees with bipartisan support pending on the Executive Calendar. We should be voting on all of them today. Instead, we will only vote on Judge Drozd.  Judge Dale Drozd is nominated to a judicial emergency vacancy in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California. Since 1997, he has served as a Magistrate Judge in that same court, and has been serving as the Chief Magistrate since 2011. Over his 18-year career as a Magistrate Judge, he has presided over 1,100 cases. Prior to that, Judge Drozd was in private practice at two different law firms for approximately 14 years. While in private practice, Judge Drozd earned an ``AV Preeminent'' rating from Martindale-Hubbell from 1990 to 1997, and was also listed in The Best Lawyers in America publication from 1995 to 1997.  He was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by voice vote and has the support of his two home State Senators, Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Judge Drozd ``well qualified'' to serve on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California, its highest rating. I will vote to confirm Judge Drozd.  After we confirm Judge Drozd today, I would urge the Senate Republican leadership to schedule votes for the remaining 15 consensus judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar without further delay. But the Republican leadership continues with this obstruction. If home State Senators cannot persuade the leader to schedule a vote for their nominee soon, it is unlikely that even the highly qualified nominees who have Republican support are going to be confirmed by the end of the year.  This would certainly be the case with Judge Restrepo of Pennsylvania, who was first nominated back in November 2014, nearly a year ago. This would also be the case with two Tennessee district court nominees, one of whom was also first nominated in November 2014, andanother who was first nominated in February 2015. These are nominees from states with Republican home state Senators, and who would fill vacancies where they are very much needed.  Let's stop this obstruction. Let's follow what I did with President Bush, stop the needless delays, schedule Judge Restrepo's confirmation vote this week and the other 14 pending nominees without further delay. If you did that, you would be up to two-thirds of what we did for President Bush at this time in 2007.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coats). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  