President, Millions of American families are struggling with an unrelenting addiction to controlled substances. This is nothing new and that is the unfortunate part about it. But after decades of taking the wrong path toward treating drug abuse, it appears that we are finally in the midst of a fundamental shift in the way we are going to focus and approach this issue.  For years we simply considered drug abuse as a crime, to be dealt with by police, prosecutors, and prisons. There is now, however, a near consensus that addiction must be viewed as a public health issue. This requires coordinated investments in prevention and treatment. Law enforcement agencies would rather not arrest the same offenders over and over without dealing with the underlying addiction. Treating that addiction--rather than just punishing the addict--is often the more effective, more humane, and less costly approach.  There is perhaps no greater advocate for this shift in thinking than Michael Botticelli. Throughout his career in public health he has worked to bridge gaps between law enforcement, health care, and education providers. As acting director for the Office of National Drug Control Policy, ONDCP, he has made clear that we cannot ``incarcerate addiction out of people.'' While law enforcement will always play a vital role in protecting citizens from drug-related crime, Mr. Botticelli recognizes that addiction is a disease--one that can be successfully prevented and treated using the same evidence-based approach we use for other public health challenges.  Mr. Botticelli's nomination was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote last year and again last week. I am pleased that he continued to receive strong, bipartisan support from the full Senate here today. As director of ONDCP, Mr. Botticelli will help to coordinate drug-control activities across the Federal Government. This includes critical efforts such as administering funding for Drug-Free Communities grants and High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas. It is no small task. Just last week, the President requested over $12 billion for demand reduction programs. This represents the largest commitment to treating and preventing drug addiction in our Nation's history, and it is badly needed.  Much of the country is now confronting a rising challenge: addiction to heroin and powerful painkillers. My home State of Vermont has not been spared, and it has attracted much attention for its struggles with opioid abuse. In fact, the film ``The Hungry Heart'' provides a powerful portrayal of the damage this addiction has inflicted on Vermont families. I was honored to host a screening of this moving film with Michael Botticelli last May.  However in many ways, Vermont is ahead of the Nation. We in Vermont long ago recognized the problem and began developing new approaches to address it. Dedicated Vermonters working in the traditional roles of prevention, treatment, and law enforcement came together around common goals and shared strategies. These community partnerships have produced innovative and successful programs such as the Rapid Intervention Community Court in Burlington, and Project VISION in Rutland. Last year, the Judiciary Committee held a hearing in Vermont on this issue. As a lifelong Vermonter, what hit me is how everybody came together for this hearing--Republicans, Democrats, Independents, law enforcement, defense counsels, clergy, teachers, medical professionals, parents and often those who have been abusers. We all realize there is no single answer, but we can do it better than we have for decades.  First responders are saving the lives of addicts throughout the State by carrying naloxone. This will save their life instead of some who would die of an overdose. Evidence-based prevention and treatment services have been extended to all corners of Vermont, and barriers to recovery have been significantly reduced. That is the most important part.  These are all strategies that the ONDCP promotes. Mr. Botticelli understands that success requires an increased commitment to early intervention and education, treatment, and smart criminal justice policies. While the scope of the challenge is immense, Mr. Botticelli has us going in the right direction. Having listened to him, having talked to him, I am really hopeful he will help get us ahead of addiction, and help end the misery it inflicts on individuals, families, and our communities. I urge my fellow Senators to vote for his immediate confirmation.  