 We sometimes talk about numbers and this and that. It is when you talk about real cases that we understand what we are talking about here. We are going to consider two amendments related to preventing human trafficking of runaway and homeless youth.  Senator Cornyn's amendment speaks to this effort, but it is not a meaningful alternative to the comprehensive amendment that Senator Collins and I will offer. Our amendment No. 290, the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, has the support of 30 bipartisan cosponsors.  Senator Cornyn has said that no effort to end human trafficking can be complete without addressing the needs of runaway and homeless youth. I agree and that is why amendment No. 290 is so important. In fact, when the Senate Judiciary Committee voted on this legislation last year, it received the vote of almost every single member, including Senator Cornyn.  In our hearings since then, I have listened to the stories of survivors. Some have been in my office and some have been in the offices of other Senators, and they talked about this. So many of them begin the same way. They are a homeless or a runaway teen, scared, desperate for affection and a safe place to sleep, especially if they are somewhere in inclement weather.  Traffickers know this. They prey on that desperation. They know there are so very few places these children can turn to.  A recent survey found that one in four--now, think of this--homeless youth had been victims of sex trafficking or they have traded sex for survival needs such as food or a place to sleep. Just think of this. They are the age of our children or our grandchildren.  This is a human issue. In fact, a survey found that 50 percent of homeless youth had been solicited for sex by an adult within 48 hours of leaving home. Just think of that--half of these homeless kids were solicited by an adult within the first 2 days of leaving home.  I am talking about kids 12, 13, 14 years old. They have nowhere to go, but we can at least, through this legislation, make sure they have a safe place to turn. That is what our amendment does.  Senator Cornyn's amendment is not a good alternative. The amendment I am offering assures that homeless youth providers are specifically trained to recognize victims of trafficking, address the unique trauma, and refer them to the appropriate care and services.  It also lengthens the time they can stay in shelters or receive services. Look at what happens if they are forced back out of those shelters. How long does it take for traffickers to grab them?  The amendment includes important new efforts to encourage family reunification and allows the person to define the people they consider family. This is particularly important as runaway children are often estranged from their parents.  Senator Cornyn's amendment does not have the crucial nondiscrimination provision that is in my amendment. This language would prevent the discrimination against youth based on their race, their color, their religion, their national origin, their sex, their gender identity, their sexual orientation, or their disability.  It is almost identical to a provision contained in the bipartisan Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013, which passed the Senate with 78 votes. It passed the Republican-controlled House overwhelmingly and was signed into law.  You may not like to think about this, but the reason this language is particularly important is because a growing number of these homeless and runaway youth identify as LGBT.  Many, sadly, have been thrown out of their homes precisely for that reason. They have been rejected by their parents. No child should face that kind of isolation or rejection--no matter what.  I am a parent. I am a grandparent. I find it heartbreaking that a child could be turned out of their home and then turned away by a service provider. We shouldn't allow organizations to take Federal funds and then turn their backs against these kids because of their race or their religion or whom they love. That is why I can't understand why the side-by-side amendment offered had the nondiscrimination protections for these children stripped from it.  I urge all Senators to support my bipartisan amendment.  I thank Senators Collins and Heitkamp for their steadfast and very strong support. We have to support the efforts of dedicated service providers. They make these programs work. We have to protect these kids. The most important thing is not being in a position where the only time we can act or is after someone has been trafficked. Let's prevent them from being trafficked in the first place.  Prevention will cost money, but it is going to save lives, and it is going to prevent the far more costly effects of human trafficking. This is smart money--we ought to be able and ready to invest in our children. We have to include the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act in our efforts to prevent more of our kids from becoming victims.  I have said it so many times on this floor that I almost grow weary of hearing myself saying it. I have prosecuted some of these cases. And it was nowhere near the problem, when I was a prosecutor, that it is today throughout this country.  I still have nightmares from what we saw. This Senator hopes that someday, under this legislation, if we work hard enough, none of us will have these nightmares.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  