 I also want to thank Senator Warren for her leadership on a matter of great importance to millions of Americans. In October, Social Security beneficiaries received some upsetting news. I know it is upsetting to a lot of Vermonters, as I have talked to them in grocery stores, on street corners, and even coming out of church on Sunday. For the third time in 40 years, the Social Security Administration announced that in 2016, Social Security payments will not include a cost-of-living increase. Unless Congress acts, seniors and others who receive Social Security benefits will not see an additional dime in payments in the new year.  For the nearly two-thirds of beneficiaries who depend on Social Security for at least half of their income, and for the 24 percent of those where Social Security is the sole source of income, this news is not just distressing, it is devastating.  I will not take the time here, but I could tell so many stories of what Vermonters have told me, and I share their concerns. In order to address this issue, I am proud to stand with thousands of Vermonters and millions of Americans to support Senator Warren's bill to provide Social Security recipients, those who receive disability benefits, and veterans, among others, a one-time payment next year. This payment would be equivalent to the average increase of 3.9 percent--incidentally the same pay increase top CEOs in the United States saw last year.  Many in Congress have turned a blind eye to the problems facing Social Security, arguing the idea that we as a country cannot possibly afford to spend resources on our seniors, but every year hard-working Americans subsidize billions of dollars in tax subsidies for corporate CEOs. By no longer allowing corporations to receive tax deductions for performance pay packages for their executives, we could give a one-time emergency payment to our Nation's seniors, and we could increase the solvency of the Social Security trust fund without adding a penny to the deficit. It is a win-win. It is a matter of priorities.  Are we as a country going to support the millions of Americans who depend upon Social Security to make ends meet? Or are we going to continue to allow the country's top CEOs, whose average salary in 2014 topped $16 million each, to continue to rake in billions of dollars thanks to the performance pay tax loophole? The choice should be clear. If these CEOs want to make more money, fine, but don't do it using a special tax loophole.  Social Security is an immensely important program, one that has helped millions of Americans stay out of poverty once entering retirement. This program has always represented a strong commitment to our Nation's seniors. Ever since Ida May Fuller of Vermont received the first Social Security check issued, vulnerable seniors have had a safety-net to fall back on in retirement or to supplement individual retirement savings or pensions. Support for this bill represents a continuing commitment to our Nation's seniors and also those with disabilities in an uncertain economy.  I hope we can redouble our commitment to seniors, veterans, and those with disabilities in this country by passing this important legislation. It is the least we can do.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  