President, earlier this year, I voted in opposition to the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, NDAA. Since the Senate last voted on the fiscal year 2016 NDAA, Congress has passed and the President has signed the new Bipartisan Budget Act, which raised the discretionary caps on spending across the government, averted a default, and provided a path forward on appropriations.  The Bipartisan Budget Act also enabled authors of the NDAA to fix a gimmick that called for spending from overseas contingency operations, OCO, funding to meet requirements that should have been supported by the Department's base budget. I remain concerned, however, that, in order to meet the new caps, budgetary authority had to be cut from this bill. Specifically, I do not believe that readiness funds for the Army, the Army National Guard, and the Army Reserves should be slashed at the same time that many in this body are demanding more soldiers be sent to places like Eastern Europe. This authorization bill will spend hundreds of millions of dollars on unneeded and ineffective missile defense programs, for example, while cutting the training and preparation funds for the men and women we send overseas. The bill also makes significant changes to the defense acquisition system and, inexplicably, cuts key provisions to support the National Guard that enjoyed support in both the Senate and the House.  But perhaps most importantly, I am concerned that, in this new version of the bill, Congress failed to reconsider the ill-advised restrictions on detainee transfers from Guantanamo Bay that are contained in this NDAA--restrictions that President Obama cited as one reason for his veto of the original version of the bill last month. I opposed passage of that conference report in part because it contained a needless prohibition on transferring detainees to the United States for detention or trial, and it imposed unnecessary restrictions on transferring detainees to foreign countries.  Rather than working to address these misguided provisions, Republicans in Congress have evidently decided to stand in the way of finally bringing this terrible chapter to a close. They are making a grave mistake. For over a decade, the detention facility at Guantanamo has been a stain on our national reputation and served as a recruitment tool for terrorists. Guantanamo is also a tremendous waste of taxpayer dollars, costing approximately $3.4 million per year to maintain a single detainee--an astonishing amount of money that could be repurposed to keep our men and women in uniform safe. Closing Guantanamo is the morally and fiscally responsible thing to do, and I am deeply disappointed that these restrictions have been included. That is why I was proud to cosponsor an amendment filed by Senator Feinstein to strip these troubling provisions from the bill.  The bill does include an extremely significant provision: the McCain-Feinstein antitorture amendment. Last year, Senator Feinstein and the Senate Intelligence Committee did this country a great service in exposing the CIA's horrific practices under the Bush administration. The McCain-Feinstein amendment is a major step toward finally bringing to a close that dark, shameful chapter in our Nation's history. This provision finally codifies in statute the interrogation standards in the Army Field Manual--not just for military personnel, but for intelligence agents as well. It will clearly define acceptable interrogation practices and will hopefully ensure that America never engages in torture again.  Providing certainty for the Department's men and women and their families, as well as for military planners, is very important, and in significant ways, this bill accomplishes that. While this bill has shortcomings I hope we can address in the near future, I have given my support to its adoption and will only add that, in advance of Veterans Day and every day the men and women who serve and protect us deserve nothing less than the thanks of a grateful nation.  