President, nearly 4 months ago--not 4 weeks ago but 4 months ago--President Obama announced his intention to nominate Loretta Lynch to be our country's next Attorney General. I had the privilege of attending that White House ceremony. In fact, I took this photograph at the ceremony.  But as I took it, I was mostly moved by what Ms. Lynch explained. She said she was excited about the challenge of becoming our Nation's chief law enforcement officer. She noted with obvious admiration that the Department of Justice is the only Cabinet Department named for an ideal. Think of that. The Department of Justice. It is named for the ideal of justice.  We know from Loretta Lynch's long public service career that she aspires to make that ideal a reality. She will when she becomes Attorney General of the United States. As U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, she brought countless terrorists and cyber criminals to justice. She obtained convictions against corrupt public officials from both political parties. She fought tirelessly against violent crime and financial fraud. Her record shows as Attorney General she will effectively, fairly, and independently enforce the law.  As many people have said, she is a prosecutor's prosecutor. Her record of accomplishment goes beyond just that. It goes to who she is as a person. It is bolstered by the faith and values instilled in her by her family. The Judiciary Committee was honored to have her proud father, the Reverend Lorenzo Lynch, with us not only at both days of the historic hearings in January, but also last Thursday as the committee considered his daughter's historic nomination.  When Loretta Lynch was a young child, Reverend Lynch bravely opened his church to students and others to organize lunch counter sit-ins in North Carolina. He taught his only daughter that ``ideals are wonderful things, but unless you can share them with others and make this world a better place, they are just words.'' Every one of us who has ever been in public service ought to listen to that. The fact that she has dedicated the majority of her career to public service reaffirms that she has lived those ideals of justice in the service of others.  Last week, the committee reported her nomination favorably with a bipartisan vote. I wish the vote had been unanimous. I suspect that if the President who nominated her had been a Republican, she would have been confirmed by now. But in the sixth year of this administration, perhaps there is no one who can be confirmed unanimously, because those Republicans who are opposing Ms. Lynch are not doing so based on her record. They are opposing her because they disagree with a decision that President Obama made and that she played no part in. That is not treating her fairly.  One need only look at her supporters to know how nonpartisan her nomination really is. Louis Freeh, the former Director of the FBI and a Federal judge, has written:       [I]n in my twenty-five years of public service--23 in the      Department of Justice--I cannot think of a more qualified      nominee to be America's chief law enforcement officer.  I know Judge Freeh very well. He is a man of total integrity. He would not say this unless he strongly believed it.  The current New York Police Commissioner, who was appointed by a Democrat, and a former New York Police Commissioner, appointed by a Republican, both strongly support her nomination.  Even prominent Fox News hosts have praised Loretta Lynch's work as a prosecutor. Bill O'Reilly has called her a hero for her prosecution of a child rapist. Megyn Kelly, of Fox, has described Ms. Lynch as a ``straight shooter'' for her service as a Federal prosecutor, especially for her crackdown on gang crime and terrorism.  Ms. Lynch also has broad support from law enforcement, fellow prosecutors, civil rights groups, and numerous other prominent individuals.  I ask unanimous consent to have a list of letters in support of her nomination printed in the Record following my remarks.  Nobody else is seeking the floor. I ask unanimous consent to go beyond the 10 minutes allotted, up to 3 extra minutes.  