I thank my good friend for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, last month, Pope Francis admonished a joint session of Congress to follow the Golden Rule, to ``do unto others as you would have them do unto you,'' and said that the Golden Rule compels us to ``protect and defend human life at every stage of development'' and that ``it is wrong to remain silent and look the other way.''  Establishing this select committee is the right thing to do. We simply can'tremain silent or look the other way. Instead, Congress needs to thoroughly investigate profoundly disturbing conduct by top-level Planned Parenthood officials. Caught on tape--and I have watched all the tapes, Planned Parenthood's top leadership, not interns or lower level employees, showed callous disregard for children's lives while gleefully calculating the financial gain derived from the sale of baby body parts.  We already know that every day Planned Parenthood dismembers or chemically poisons to death approximately 900 unborn babies. Since 1973, more than 7 million children have been violently killed in Planned Parenthood clinics.  Now, because of the CMP videos, Planned Parenthood's involvement in trafficking in baby body parts has been revealed. In one clip, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, senior director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America's Medical Services says on camera: ``We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, and because we know that, I am not going to crush that part. I am going to basically crush below, I am going to crush above, and I am going to see if I can get it all intact . . . I would say a lot of people want liver; and for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they will know where they are putting their forceps.''  Ladies and gentlemen of the House, this is a dismemberment abortion--arms, legs, torsos, decapitation--but the prized body part is preserved, pulled out intact, and then sold to brokers.  This needs to be done. We haven't lost our sense of being shocked.  