Madam Speaker, undercover videos by The Center for Medical Progress have again brought into sharp focus that some babies actually survive abortion.  Dr. Ginde, medical director of Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains, says: ``sometimes we get--if somebody delivers before we see them for a procedure that they are intact . . .'' That is, Madam Speaker, born alive, breathing, crying, gasping for air. One fetal tissue broker describes in the video watching a fetus that just ``fell out'' and was left to die.  We have a duty to protect these vulnerable children from violence, exploitation, and death. Humanitarian due diligence requires that born-alive babies be taken to a hospital to obtain care and enhance his or her prospects of survival. Abortion clinics, to the contrary, do not have neonatal intensive care units. They are not equipped to protect those children. They are in the business of killing those children--not saving them.  The grand jury in the abortionist Kermit Gosnell case said: ``Gosnell had a simple solution for unwanted babies. He killed them.'' He euphemistically called ``snipping'' the born-alive baby's spinal cord ``ensuring fetal demise.''  Last week, Gianna Jessen, as Bob Goodlatte noted earlier, an abortion survivor, told his Committee on the Judiciary she had survived a Planned Parenthood late-term, multihour abortion because ``the abortionist had not yet begun the work. Had he been there, he would have ended my life with strangulation, suffocation, or leaving me there to die.''  The Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, authored by pro-life champion Trent Franks, simply says any child who survives an abortion must be given the same care as any other premature baby born at the same gestational age. This legislation builds on the landmark Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of 2002, authored by Steve Chabot, by adding important enforcement provisions.  Tragically, President Obama, the abortion President, has vowed to veto this pro-child, human rights legislation, a position that is extreme, antichild, inhumane, and indefensible.  