Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to again thank my good friend and colleague Eliot Engel for his excellent resolution. It is a bipartisan resolution.  I want to also thank Leader Pelosi for her eloquence on the floor today and for her love and respect that she has conveyed for decades to the Dalai Lama and the people of Tibet.  This is a bipartisan resolution. It shows, I think, that we are absolutely united, and I think that is an important message to send at this critical juncture.  I also want to point out to my colleagues that China really is a place where much is never as it seems to be. People who take trips there, go on tours there, even Members of Congress who travel there come away with a Potemkin village viewpoint of what is happening, especially when torture and other degrading acts and cruelty is routinely visited upon and imposed upon people that the Chinese Government deems to be of lesser value.  We see it with the Falun Gong. We see it with underground Christians. We see it with the Uighurs. And we see it in Tibet, where there has been a systematic effort to eradicate the culture of Tibet. It is genocide. They even used forced abortion as a way of genocide to kill the children of Tibetan mothers.  Years ago I held a hearing in the mid-1990s, and it was on torture in the People's Republic of China. And let us not forget, Chinese law proscribes torture. It prohibits torture. It is all a nice paper promise. It doesn't mean anything.  They have also signed the convention against torture, the U.N. convention, and they love to ballyhoo that when they are at international fora and when their people travel here to the United States.  But let's not forget, as well, that China took out a reservation to the U.N. Convention Against Torture, Article 20, that exempts it from accepting any investigation about abuses. So the only one who will investigate China is the Chinese Government itself. They will not allow the International Committee of the Red Cross. They will not allow U.S. representatives and other bilateral or, I should say, multilateral organizations to come in and investigate allegations of torture.  Back in the early 1990s, again, I held this hearing, one of many. I have held 53 hearings on human rights abuses in China over the years. But this one we had six people, all of whom had been tortured with impunity by the Chinese Government.  Palden Gyatso, who is a Buddhist monk, came to the Rayburn Building, tried to go through the security there and was stopped. He was stopped because he brought with him some of the implements of torture that are used routinely by the Chinese Government--cattle prods and other hideous instruments that are put under the arms and elsewhere to cause horrific damage and pain to the victim--and he described in detail at the hearing what he personally went through.  Regrettably, that continues to this day. The State Department's report on human rights recently released reminds us that electric shocks, exposure to cold, and severe beatings, as well as extreme physical labor, are routinely used against Tibetans and Tibetan Buddhists, in particular, just like they were against Palden Gyatso years ago.  So it has not changed. It has actually gotten worse. And again, this resolution brings the light and scrutiny that is so necessary to these hideous practices.  So again, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time.  