Thank you, Mr. Duffy. Thank you for yielding to me and for your leadership on this extremely important human rights issue.  Mr. Speaker, in 2011, an undercover videotape sting operation by Live Action exposed several Planned Parenthood affiliates who are eager, ready, and willing to facilitate secret abortions for child sex trafficking victims--some as young or younger than 14--to get them on the streets again.  As the prime author of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, the landmark law that seeks to protect victims, mostly women and children, I found the on-the-record willingness of Planned Parenthood personnel to exploit young girls and partner with sex traffickers to be absolutely appalling. Watch the video yourself on liveaction.org.  In 2012, Live Action released another sting operation video, part of a series called ``Gendercide: Sex Selection in America,'' showing Planned Parenthood staff advising undercover female investigators how to procure sex selection abortions. Caught on tape, Planned Parenthood tells the investigator to wait until the baby is 5 months along to get an ultrasound that will reveal the sex of the child, then, if it is a girl, kill it.  Planned Parenthood is okay with terminating the girl child in its huge network of clinics simply because she is a girl. What a dangerous place for little girls.  Now we have learned that Planned Parenthood is trafficking in baby body parts and intact organs like livers and hearts, charging up to $100 or more per body part. Not only has Planned Parenthood killed over 7 million innocent babies in their chain of abortion mills, about 330,000 children per year, but now shocking new undercover videos by the Center for Medical Progress show high-ranking Planned Parenthood officials explaining how they market and profit from the sale of the organs of their victims and how doctors maneuver deadly abortion tools to ensure--they call them graspers--intact organs.  In one clip, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, senior director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America's medical services and a late-term abortionist herself, explained:       We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver,      because we know that, so I am not going to crush that part. I      am going to basically crush below, I am going to crush above,      and I am going to see if I can get it all intact.  Dr. Nucatola says on camera:       I would say a lot of people want liver; and for that      reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound      guidance, so they will know where they are putting their      forceps.  In other words, crush the baby to death, but do it in a way that preserves certain organs and body parts for sale.  Dr. Nucatola even suggests and is caught on tape talking about creating a menu.  Today, another new devastating video by the same organization shows a Planned Parenthood Federation top doctor, Dr. Mary Gatter, offering to use a ``less crunchy technique'' to get more intact organs and baby body parts.  Less crunchy? Like Dr. Nucatola, Dr. Gatter is nonchalantly talking about crunching--that is, crushing--babies to death in ways that are more likely to preserve body parts and intact organs. This is unconscionable, it is inhumane, and it must stop. I am glad that the House Republican leadership has called for full investigations into this dehumanizing practice.  