Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank Kevin Brady, the chairman, for his extraordinary leadership on this and so many other issues, and Mr. Blumenauer, with whom we have worked together to build a strong bipartisan push for this piece of legislation.  I do rise in strong support for passage of S. 1362, the PACE Innovation Act. Identical to the companion bill that I introduced along with Mr. Blumenauer, this bill will provide PACE programs with flexibility to bring a proven model of care to new populations. The program for all-inclusive care for the elderly, or PACE, is a widely popular program serving over 30,000 seniors around the country.  For those unfamiliar with PACE, the program delivers the entire range of medical and long-term services, including medical care and prescription drug services, physical or occupational therapy, day or respite care, and medical specialties such as dentistry, optometry, and podiatry.  Currently, eligibility for PACE is limited to those aged 55 and over who meet State-specified criteria for needing nursing home-level care. This program will provide wellness and keeps people in their homes. It is already doing it. Now more people will benefit from it. It improves outcomes. And this is all for people who otherwise would be paying catastrophic costs for nursing home care.  Mr. Speaker, PACE has seen a significant growth in recent years, including a 30 percent increase in the number of people receiving services over the last 3 years alone.  PACE has a proven track record in my own State of New Jersey where programs currently serve roughly 900 seniors throughout the State.  Just last week, Mr. Speaker, I had the opportunity to attend the grand opening and ribbon cutting of a new PACE program in Monmouth County, and it is New Jersey's fifth program.  When I first heard about PACE, I worked hard to bring this valuable program to my State back in 2009. Even though it was around before that, it was one of the best kept secrets around.  They then formed the first PACE program called LIFE, Living Independently for Elderly, at St. Francis Medical Center in the Trenton and Hamilton area. I have visited St. Francis LIFE often since and on its fifth anniversary was overwhelmed by the appreciation of seniors and their families for the program's ability to raise or maintain their quality of life.  The limits, however, and operational restrictions placed on PACE do not allow these programs to serve many others in need. Chronological age should not be the determinant.  If somebody is disabled and could use and should use a nursing home and is eligible, this gives another option to the family to keep them at home. The legislation will allow CMS to establish pilot programs and waive restrictions and test how to best deliver results for new populations.  As Tim Clontz, the chairman of the National PACE Association's Public Policy Committee, testified before the Health Subcommittee on the Energy and Commerce Committee, he told stories about a man named Jim G., a 54-year-old man with early-onset Alzheimer's disease.  He was hospitalized for a lung infection and, as a result, stayed home alone during the day, where he was isolated and struggled with activities of daily living, such as personal grooming, household chores, and child care.  His wife quit her job to care for him full time, but his needs were more than she could handle. He was permanently placed in a memory care unit, and since PACE was not an option for Jim--remember, he is 54 years old--his wife is crowd-sourcing to try to pay his medical care. This heartbreaking story could have been eliminated.  I also chair the Alzheimer's Caucus, Mr. Speaker, here in the House, and I can tell you there are many patients with early onset who could benefit and benefit in a very, very significant way with this change in law.  I look forward to the President's signature. Again, I want to thank you, Kevin, for your leadership and your very distinguished staff.  