I thank my good friend for yielding.  Madam Speaker, last week Pope Francis admonished a joint session of Congress to follow the Golden Rule--to do unto others as you would have them do unto you. The Pope also said the Golden Rule compels us to protect and defend human life at every stage of development--and, of course, that includes the unborn. It is wrong to remain silent, he said, or to look the other way when individuals are put at risk.  At the White House welcoming ceremony earlier in the day, President Obama spoke of protecting the least of these, taken from Matthew's Gospel, the 25th chapter. When President Obama says protect the least of these, he excludes millions of unborn children.  Every day Planned Parenthood dismembers or chemically poisons to death approximately 900 unborn babies, the least of these, and hurts many women in the process.  Subsidized by half a billion dollars annually, Planned Parenthood kills a baby every 2 minutes and has terminated the lives of over 7 million infants since 1973, a staggering loss of children's lives that equates to twice the number of every man, woman and child living in the State of Connecticut.  So I rise in strong support of H.R. 3495, the Women's Health and Public Safety Act, authored by our distinguished colleague, Sean Duffy, to give States the authority to defund Planned Parenthood.  States, indeed, Madam Speaker, should have the freedom to choose who they subsidize and why. But the President has denied that option to at least six States so far, including Texas, Arizona, Indiana, Louisiana, Alabama, and Arkansas. The latter three States had moved to defund in the wake of the recent undercover videos by the Center for Medical Progress.  Now, because of the CMP videos, we know Planned Parenthood is also trafficking in baby body parts.  I would note parenthetically, Madam Speaker, I wrote the Trafficking Victims Protection Act to try to end the cruelty of modern-day slavery, sex trafficking, and labor trafficking. Planned Parenthood's activities are a manifestation of human trafficking, exploiting defenseless unborn children and taking body parts that they have no right to take.  It turns out Planned Parenthood has turned these babies into human guinea pigs, and it makes the abortion industry even richer.  Although much of the media continues to ignore this scandal, Planned Parenthood's meticulously crafted facade of care and compassion has been shattered. Caught on tape, Planned Parenthood's top leadership, not interns or lower level employees, show callous disregard for precious children's lives while gleefully calculating the financial gain, which begs the question: Do Americans understand the violence to children done every day in Planned Parenthood clinics?  Have my Congressional colleagues, has the President, actually watched the videos? To care for the least of these, have they watched them?  In one clip, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, Senior Director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America's Medical Services, says: ``We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that I am not going to crush that part.''  So they crush all around that part that is desired, dismember that baby piece by piece, but they leave intact certain parts, including livers, that will then be sold.  Planned Parenthood Medical Directors' Council President Dr. Mary Gatter appears on the video nonchalantly talking about utilizing a ``less crunchy''--her words--abortion method, again, to preserve body parts.  Regarding the price tag for baby body parts, she says: ``Let me just figure out what others are getting. And if this in the ballpark, then it is fine.'' ``If it is still low, then we can bump it up,'' she says.  Another Planned Parenthood Director, Deborah VanDerhei, says: ``We are just trying to figure out as an industry''--and it is the abortion industry--``we are just trying to figure out how we are going to manage remuneration because the headlines would be a disaster.''  Concern for making money, finding another revenue stream, but no concern whatsoever for that child victim who suffers when they are dismembered: arms, legs, torso, decapitated head. It is gruesome dismemberment abortions. That is what Planned Parenthood does.  One woman, Holly O'Donnell, from StemExpress, says: ``She gave me the scissors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face.'' ``I can't even describe what that feels like,'' she says.  I suspect that, if the President watches at least one of the videos and my colleagues on the other side, they would at least demand real answers concerning Planned Parenthood's inhumane behavior and violence that is directed at the least of these.  