I thank the gentleman.  First of all, let me thank our distinguished chairman for offering yet another important bill in the fight against terrorism, especially as it relates to Hezbollah. The Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015, has been very adequately explained by both the chairman and the ranking member. I don't want to be redundant, but it is a very, very important bill that will make a difference.  Hezbollah, as we all know, is a terrorist organization and is a proxy of the Iranian regime, which directly threatens our close ally Israel as well as ourselves. This bill would help hobble Hezbollah's ability to finance its terrorist activities, and it is strongly deserving of the support of every Member of this Chamber.  This bill sends a message to the administration. It seeks to mitigate at least some of the damage that has been unleashed by President Obama's misguided policy towards Iran, and by an egregiously flawed nuclear arms deal that lifts sanctions that will free up billions of dollars for the regime in Tehran to finance anti-American and anti-Israel terror groups, such as Hezbollah.  Let's not forget that Hezbollah is an organization that has attacked Americans. It not only fires missiles unprovoked--like Hamas--into Israel, but it finances all sorts of terror and bombings, including of U.S. Embassies. Many of the terrorists associated with Hezbollah were involved with the killing of the marines back in the early 1980s. One of those marines was Paul Innocenzi, from my district--from my hometown--who left behind his dear wife and children. She was left a widow, as were many others, by that horrific act of terrorism.  I ask Members to support this bill. Again, I thank Chairman Royce for his leadership. I will remind my colleagues that, I think, to date, the chairman has had about 35--three dozen--hearings on Iran and on issues related to Iran. Every aspect of our misguided policy has been focused upon, as have the ideas that seek, to mitigate the damage. This is one of those initiatives. Interdict the money flow, and you can help to stop some of the terrorism.  