 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. Later on in the course of the debate I will be talking about why I will support this legislation today, but let me just deal with some of the issues that my friends on the other side have raised which we should all be aware of when we talk about the Export-Import Bank.  The fundamental issue is whether working families in this country, who for many years have seen a decline in their real wages, people are working longer hours and are earning less, should be putting tens of millions of dollars in helping large multinational corporations who over the last 15 years have laid off hundreds of thousands of American workers. That is an issue we have to focus on.  The Boeing Co., which is the major recipient of this program, has laid off over 52,000 workers between 1990 and 1996. General Electric, which is taking jobs all over the world, hiring people at 50 cents an hour, laid off 153,000 workers from 1975 to 1995. AT laid off 127,000 workers. Are these the companies that the middle class taxpayers of this country should be supporting? I think there are real questions about that.  Now, some of my friends say, well, we need a level playing field. They are doing it in Europe and they are doing it in Japan. And there is truth to that argument. But there is another side to that story, and that is that corporations in Japan and corporations in Europe have a different ethic in many ways. Their systems are different.  In Europe they have a national health care system guaranteeing health care to all people. In Europe, German workers make 25 percent more than manufacturing workers do in the United States of America. In Europe, in many of those countries college education is free, not $25,000 or $30,000 a year. In many of those countries corporations pay significantly more in taxes than do companies in this country pay.  So what we have is corporations are coming in here and saying, help us with Exim programs, we need some help, but of course we want to pay less in taxes. We want to pay our workers lower wages. We want to move our jobs to Mexico or to China, but we really would like this form of corporate welfare.  Within the Committee on Banking and Financial Services I have successfully put in an amendment which begins to address some of these problems. Let me be very clear. If that amendment is taken out in conference committee, I will lead the effort in this body to defeat the Exim reauthorization. With the amendment, I think we will make some progress in saying that the companies that we are supporting should be companies who are reinvesting in America, who are trying to create jobs in America, and are not taking our jobs to China or Mexico.  