 Speaker, I rise today to discuss a terribly important topic: Domestic violence, and insurance companies' discrimination against women who are victims of domestic violence.  We do not know exactly how many women are domestic violence victims each year because the numbers are significantly underreported. An estimated 4 million American women are physically abused by their husbands or boyfriends each year, and 42 percent of women murdered in this country are murdered by their boyfriends or husbands.  I think we can all agree that the level of domestic violence in this country is a silent outrage, and it is absolutely unacceptable. That is why we must do everything we can to combat domestic violence. Further, it is why we can and we must prevent profiteering insurance companies from adding insult to injury by economically victimizing women who have already been physically abused. They are reacting to battered women by battering them again.  We know that insurers have used domestic violence as a basis for determining who to cover and how much to charge with respect to health, life, disability, homeowners, and auto insurance. A 1993 informal survey by the House Judiciary Committee found that 8 of the 16 largest insurers in the country use domestic violence as a criterion in determining whether to issue insurance and how much to charge for it. State surveys in Pennsylvania and Kansas both found that 24 percent of responding insurance companies admit to such discrimination, and I know of two cases in Vermont.  Insurance companies give a variety of reasons for denying victims coverage or for charging higher premiums. Some insurers say domestic violence is a lifestyle choice, like skydiving or smoking. That is absurd. We know that domestic violence is not a choice, but a crime. Victims do not choose to live with their batterers, but are often forced to do so for economic and safety reasons. When a victim tries to leave her abuser, her life is often at great risk.  When insurance companies deny, drop, or charge more for coverage of victims of domestic violence, it has very serious consequences. It means that someone who already has reason to fear for her life has one more major reason to fear telling someone, and to avoid getting help.  This insidious insurance practice sends exactly the wrong message. We should be doing all we can to ensure victims of abuse seek help and get away from their batters. Instead, insurance companies are telling women they must not only fear physical retribution from their abuser, but also economic retribution from their insurer.  If a woman tries to get help, she must fear losing access to health care for herself and her family or insurance that provides for her family in case of death or disability. Battered women's shelters must also fear losing their insurance, as we have seen in my State of Vermont.  Insurance companies are effectively tearing down all the work that has been done over the last 20 years in creating safe havens and assistance for victims of domestic violence.  I am pleased to report that we had some success on this issue last year, when an amendment Congresswoman Morella, other Members, and I wrote for the Kennedy-Kassebaum health insurance reform bill became law. That amendment will ensure that victims of abuse will not be denied insurance in the group health insurance market. However, we still must prevent insurance companies from overcharging women because they are victims of abuse, and we must work to end this discrimination in all lines of insurance, not just health.  Today, we introduce legislation to protect victims of abuse across this country from being singled out as uninsurable.  Our bill, the Victims of Abuse Insurance Protection Act, prohibits all lines of insurance carriers--including health, life, property, auto, and disability--from using domestic violence in determining whom to cover and how much to charge for coverage. It has been endorsed by the American Bar Association, the American Civil Liberties Union Women's Rights Project, the Center for Patient Advocacy, the NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund, the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, Women's Action for New Directions [WAND], and the Women's Law Project.