 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. I rise in strong support of the rule and in strong support of the legislation.  It seems to me that we have two issues that we are discussing. The first is process. And in terms of process, what the Members should understand is that we have three State legislatures, Texas, Vermont and Maine, which overwhelmingly voted to enter this compact. We have three Governors, and I might add one is a Republican, one is a Democrat, and one is an Independent, who today strongly support going forward with the compact. We have six U.S. Senators from Texas, Maine and Vermont strongly in support of the compact. We have the two Members from Maine, the entire Vermont delegation, me, in support of the compact. I know that will carry a lot of weight. We are undivided on this issue, and we have two-thirds of the Texas House delegation in support of this compact.  So for those Members who believe in devolution, in giving power to the States, it seems to me we should treat this compact in the same way we have treated 9 other compacts involving 41 States. Texas, Maine and Vermont want to be treated the same way as 41 other States have been treated.  The second issue, and actually the more important issue, has to do with good environmental policy. I happen to believe that passage of this amendment makes absolute environmental sense. The evidence is very, very strong that the geology of Vermont and Maine is such that it would be a serious environmental problem if we continued to keep the waste in those States.  The real issue, I must tell my colleagues, and I say this as an opponent of nuclear power, if I had my way, we would close down every nuclear power plant in this country as soon as we could, safely, but the problem is we have low-level waste. And to turn our backs on that problem and ignore that problem and to say that it will go away is wrong.  The environmental debate today should be what is the safest way of disposing of low-level radioactive waste, and I would argue strongly that the passage of this legislation and depositing it in a safer location in Texas is the direction that we should go.  