  There is one point that I want to add to what my colleague was saying. And that is my very great fear that the American people are not reading or seeing on their TV's or hearing on their radios much about this reality, which is the most important development that has taken place in modern American history. This is the story of the century, that the American middle class is shrinking, that the gap between the rich and the poor is growing wider, that people are working longer hours for low wages. But somehow when we turn on the TV in the evening, we do not see that story. We see O.J. Simpson and we see everything else in the world, but we somehow could not see that story. How come we do not see that story? It is tied into everything else that we are talking about.  Who do we think owns the media? When we talk about sweatshops in desperate Third World countries, when we talk about companies downsizing and throwing American workers out on the street, we are talking about companies like Disney who, among other things, owns ABC. When we are talking about companies going to Mexico to pay people substandard wages or going to China, we are talking about General Electric, who happens to own NBC. And Westinghouse happens to own CBS, and Rupert Murdoch happens to own Fox, multibillionaire who is extremely right wing.  So it is no great secret that the American people do not see the most important realities facing their lives on the television. They turn on the TV, they see everything else in the world except what is going on in their own lives.  I think one of the issues that I would add to the discussion is the need to tackle the very important issue of corporate control over the media. It is not just television. It has to do with newspapers as well. Let me mention a very wonderful book written several years ago by a former journalist named Ben Bagdikian, the Media Monopoly. Let me quote from Mr. Bagdikian or paraphrase what is going on in newspapers in America.  Eighty percent of the daily newspapers of this country were independently owned at the end of World War II. They were owned by people, not huge corporations. Today, 80 percent of daily newspapers are owned by corporate chains. Just 11 companies control more than half of the dailies, half of the Nation's daily newspaper circulation. And then we wonder when we have this NAFTA debate, gee, is it not a great shock that every major newspaper in America ends up being pro-NAFTA. In fact, 98 percent of the daily newspapers in America have a monopoly as the only paper in town. You have a one-newspaper town.  Although there are more than 11,000 magazines published in the United States, today just two corporations control more than half of all magazine revenues. When you go to the newspaper stand and you see all of those magazines, what you end up finding out is that these magazines, many of them are owned by a relatively small number of corporations. Although there are 11,000 local cable television systems, only 7 companies have a majority of the 60 million cable TV subscribers.  Three companies own more than half the television business, four companies own more than half of the movie business, five companies rake in more than half of all book revenues.  So there is a reason why people do not feel engaged in the political process. There is a reason. My colleague mentioned, I think very perceptively, what has been going on politically around the world in the last month. The change in England with the victory of the Labor Party, the change in France with the victory of the Socialist Party, the fact that the NDP did very well in Canada. What we are seeing is people all over the world saying, no, we do not have to deal with the absurdities of the global economy which lower our wages. But in this country it is very hard for people to learn about what is going on because of corporate control over the media. I think that is one of the reasons why we end up having by far the lowest voter turnout.  In England, I think they were disappointed. Their voter turnout was perhaps 70 percent. They were disappointed. It was a low turnout. Canada, it is usually above 70 percent. My guess is in the next congressional elections, probably 35 percent of the people will vote. Low-income people, working people have given up on the political process. One of the reasons I would suggest is that, when they read the papers and they read the magazines and they see the television, their lives and the pain of their lives is not being reflected in what they are observing. I think that is an issue we have to discuss.  