 Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I would urge the Members of Congress to take a hard look at reality, at what really is going on in this country. Do we want the United States to have the strongest military in the world? I think we do. Do we already have that capability? Have we already, along with our other NATO allies, greatly, greatly, many times overspent all of our potential enemies? And the answer is yes.  I ask my friends who are opposing the Obey-Dellums amendment to think about priorities. If they want the strongest military in the world, OK; but are they happy with the fact that we have by far the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world? Is that something that Members of this Congress should be proud of? Should we be talking about spending over a period of years $27 billion more for B-2 bombers, and then telling millions of kids who are ill-fed, ill-housed, ill-educated, that in this great Nation we do not have the resources to help them, but we can build B-2 bombers? My answer is, no, those are absurd priorities.  There are people here who day after day talk about the national debt and our deficit. They say we have to cut back on Medicare and Medicaid and education. Let me tell them, spending $27 billion for B-2 bombers also runs up the national debt. That is real money.  Recently we have been talking about major cutbacks in Medicare, $115 billion. There are some who say we should charge low-income senior citizens $5 for every home health care visit, which can amount to some $700 a year for a low-income senior citizen trying to get by on $9,000 a year. People say, yes, that is what we have to do to balance the budget. Then the next thing, they come back and say, oh, yes, but we can spend $27 billion for B-2 bombers. I think those are very false priorities.  Let us talk about job creation. All of us want job creation in America. Do Members know how we can do it? We can do it by putting more money into school construction. We can do it by building roads and bridges and protecting our infrastructure, which is falling apart all over America. We can do this by educating more people.  When we talk about national priorities, let us understand, there are millions of middle-class families who today cannot afford to send their kids to college. What we are saying to those people is no, we do not have enough money to make sure that your kids can go to college so they can make it into the middle class, but yes, no problem, over a period of time we can build nine more B-2 bombers that the Pentagon says they do not want, for a cost of $27 billion.  Mr. Chairman, I would urge my colleagues to understand that we are playing with a zero-sum game. We just cannot print more and more money. Let us get our priorities straight. Let us support the Dellums-Obey amendment.  