 Chairman, I would like to thank my Republican colleague and my Democratic colleague for their indulgence. This is an important debate and I very much appreciate their allowing it to go forward.  Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I have offered is simple, and I would hope would be supported by all, especially those people concerned about the deficit and those people concerned about national priorities. What thisamendment does is cut the intelligence budget by 5 percent from the level authorized for fiscal year 1997 while still protecting the CIA retirement and disability funds.  Mr. Chairman, although the amount authorized by this bill is classified, there are various press reports which have indicated that funding for all the intelligence activities is currently about $30 billion, which means that this amendment would cut approximately $1.5 billion from the intelligence agencies.  Mr. Chairman, in my opinion, this debate is about a number of key factors: No. 1, our sense of national priorities. Is it appropriate to increase funding for an already bloated intelligence budget at exactly the same time as we propose painful cuts for senior citizens in Medicare, for low-income people in Medicaid, for others in housing, for kids, for the environment? How appropriate is it to say that we will cut $1.5 billion in home health care for seniors but not cut $1.5 billion for an intelligence budget which, in my view and in the view of many, already has too much money.  Mr. Chairman, if we are serious about deficit reduction, we cannot only go after working people and low-income people, we also have to have the courage to go after the intelligence community. Mr. Chairman, let me be frank that, for whatever reasons, despite the end of the cold war, despite the collapse of the Soviet Union and international communism, the intelligence community has not experienced the kind of appropriate cuts that had been made with many other agencies, including the Department of Defense.  Mr. Chairman, in 1996 the U.S. Senate, led by Senators Hank Brown and Warren Rudman, completed a report on the efficacy and appropriateness of the activities of the U.S. intelligence community in the post-cold war global environment. Let me read a brief portion from that report, which is commonly referred to as the 1996 Aspin-Brown Commission Report. 