 Chairman, I want to congratulate the gentleman fromMassachusetts [Mr. Kennedy] for his leadership in this area.  Let me just make a few brief points. No. 1, at a time when this U.S. Congress provides $125 billion a year in corporate welfare tax breaks and subsidies to large multinational corporations who do not need them, at a time when we are spending billions on B-2 bombers that we do not need, at a time in which we are giving huge tax breaks to the richest people in America who do not need them, I am not impressed by a policy which over the last 4 years has cut back on public housing by 25 percent. We seem to always have funds available to help the wealthy and corporate America, but when it comes to the need of working people and low-income people, suddenly it is on their backs that we are asked to balance the budget.  The economic facts are very clear. Just the other day we read in the papers that the CEO's of major corporations now make 207 times what their workers make, while the new jobs that are being created are low-wage jobs keeping people in poverty after 40 hours of work. In my State of Vermont and throughout the country there are millions of people who are working 40 hours a week, and then they are being asked to pay 40, 50, 60 percent of their limited incomes for housing. There is a housing crisis in this country, and the way to solve the housing crisis is not to cut back on funding and not build more affordable housing.  Now my friends here say on the Republican side we do not want to warehouse people. OK, do not warehouse them. Then why do they cut back on section 8 funding so that we can spread people out throughout the community? There are many types of models for affordable housing other than public housing projects, but they do not support those. So those are just words; that is not reality.  Now in terms of public housing we hear these horror stories, and I really think that that is not a nice thing to say. Sure there are problems, some serious problems within the projects, but to give grotesque examples of what one family does is to cast aspersions on all of the people who live in public housing.  So let me tell my colleagues I was mayor of the city of Burlington. We have public housing, and it serves its purpose well. It provides safe, affordable, clean housing for hundreds and hundreds of people, and it helps people. It allows them to get a footing in their lives.  I resent the fact that we talk about horror stories from public housing. Do my colleagues know what? Rich people kill their kids, too. It is not just poor people. Furthermore, in terms of this work requirement, one of the points that was made during the discussion in committee was that we have a home interest mortgage deduction which allows multi-multimillionaires to deduct the interest up to a million dollars on the mansions, on the fancy houses that they are living in. So we have a public policy which provides a tax break for multimillionaires who own mansions.  Now that is an interesting housing policy when at exactly the same time we are cutting back on housing for working people and poor people, and I think the suggestion was made that if we got to have a work requirement for poor people who get a subsidy, what about the millionaires who get a subsidy?  