 But it does affect us, because what is going on, if an employer can hire somebody for $3 an hour, for $3.50 an hour, that means all wages will go down as well. That is what this effort is about. It is not only to save money by hiring people below the minimum wage, it is to push everybody's wages down in exactly the opposite way that when we raise the minimum wage working people's wages will go up.  The gentleman before made an interesting point, and I want to pick up on that because, again, it is an issue that is not discussed very much on the floor of the House. He said, quite correctly, that the United States now has the most unfair and unequal distribution of wealth and income in the entire industrialized world. They used that dubious distinction that used to accrue to Great Britain, with all their dukes and queens and kings.  The point is that today the United States has claimed what England used to have and that we now have, the most unfair distribution of wealth and income.  When we talk about economics, ultimately, like a football game or a basketball game, it is about who wins and who loses. And what is going on in the United States today is that we know who is winning. We know the wealthiest 1 percent of the population now owns over 40 percent of the wealth, which is more than the bottom 90 percent. So we have 1 percent owning more wealth than the bottom 90 percent.  When we hear about the booming economy, we should know that between 1983 and 1989, 62 percent of the increased wealth of this country went to the top 1 percent and 99 percent of the increased wealth went to the top 20 percent. Meanwhile, the middle class shrank and poor people were working at lower wages than for many, many years.  And when we see the unfair distribution of wealth in general, we also see recently the outrageous situation that CEO's in the United States of America, the heads of large corporations last year had a 54 percent increase in their income while many working people saw a decline in their real wages. And CEO's now earn, on average, more than 200 times what the worker in their company earns, which is by far the largest spread in the industrialized world.  So I think when we talk about the state of the economy, it is important to understand who is winning and who is losing, and the reality is that the people on top have never had it so good, the middle class is shrinking, and working people all over this country are working longer hours for lower wages and barely keeping their heads above water.  