 Chairman, I rise today in support of a provision within the fiscal year 1998 Commerce, Justice, State, Judiciary appropriations bill which provides full funding for the Small Business Administration's Small Business Development Center [SBDC] Program.  Mr. Chairman, it is clear that in my State of Vermont, and all across the country, small businesses are creating the lion's share of new jobs. And we should be doing more to help those who are most ready to create and invest here at home in our national economy.  The SBDC Program is one example where a small Federal investment has paid for itself many times over. With limited Federal funds, SBDC's have been able to leverage additional non-Federal funds in support of their mission and to forge very strong partnerships with State and local government, education, and business leaders to provide a unique array of local counseling, training, and financial services that would not otherwise be attainable in the private sector to small businesses, especially those employing fewer than 25 employees and the self-employed.  Ultimately, SBDC's pay off in the form of job creation and new economic development. The SBDC Program also generates increased revenues from a broader base of income and sales tax returns from thousands of new or more profitable small businesses that are helped by SBDC's.  Mr. Chairman, the SBDC Program has been very successful in Vermont. In their 1996 annual survey of 1,400 clients, the Vermont SBDC revealed sales increases of almost $83 million, and the creation of 1,750 jobs for Vermont--1,350 full-time and 450 part-time, at average hourly rates of $9.85 and $6.95. Reviewing the results of the survey, the Vermont tax commissioner validated a conservative return of over $1.2 million directly into the State treasury in income and sales taxes. This equates to a 4-to-1 return on the Federal dollars.  Mr. Chairman, unfortunately earlier this year the President's budget proposed to cut funding for SBDC's by 24 percent--from $73.5 million to $57.5. This cut would have been particularly devastating for smaller States, such as Vermont, which barely have the resources to meet the current demand for services. I opposed this cut, and wrote a letter to Subcommittee Chairman Harold Rogers, requesting that funding for the SBDC's be sustained at its current level, including a small adjustment for inflation. I am pleased to report that I was joined on my letter to the chairman by 94 Members of the House.  Mr. Chairman, I am especially pleased that the chairman and the subcommittee responded to this bipartisan effort by fully funding the SBDC Program for fiscal year 1998, including a $2-million increase for inflation. I urge all of my colleagues to support SBDC's by supporting this provision during floor consideration of the Commerce, Justice, State, Judiciary appropriations bill.  