 It is nice to be here with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Kucinich], who is also joining that fight in a very strong way.  I remember some 4 years ago the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Bonior] came to the State of Vermont and addressed a rally in Montpelier in Vermont, where we had 300 or 400 Vermonters who were out protesting NAFTA; and the sad truth is that much of what he and I said on that day, much of what he and I predicted would happen has in fact occurred.  NAFTA is part of a disastrous trade policy, which is resulting in record-breaking trade deficits, which is costing us millions of decent-paying jobs. I wish very, very much, as important as the national deficit is, that the Congress would pay half as much attention to the trade deficit, which is costing us millions of jobs and which is lowering the wages of workers from one end of this country to the other.  The essence of our current disastrous trade policy is not very hard to comprehend. You do not have to have a Ph.D. in economics to understand that it is impossible and wrong for American workers to be competing against very desperate people in Mexico and other parts of the world, who, because of the economic conditions in their own country, are forced to work for 50 cents an hour or 70 cents an hour.  One of the interesting developments in recent weeks, I do not know if my colleague has seen it, is the front page of Business Week. Their cover story reported that CEOs last year earned 54 percent more than the preceding year. In other words, the compensation for CEOs in this country of the major corporations went up by 54 percent, while workers are struggling with 2 or 3 percent increases in their incomes.  Now, these very same people who are now averaging over $5 million a year are precisely the same people who told us how great the NAFTA would be. Well, I suppose that they are right. NAFTA has been very good for them, but it has been a disaster for the average American worker.  What we know is not only that hundreds of thousands of decent-paying jobs have disappeared from this country, as corporation after corporation has said, why should I pay an American worker $10, $15, $20 an hour when I can get a desperate person in Mexico to work for 50 cents an hour or a dollar an hour. Not only have they done that, but in addition to that, they are moving jobs all over the world.  I was interested in this last week to read, if it were not so sad, it really would be funny, where Nike, which seems to have the inclination to move to that country in the world which is now paying the lowest wages, they have now gravitated to Vietnam. And my colleagues may have seen in the paper that in Vietnam there is now a demonstration that they are paying below what they even promised the Vietnamese workers, which I would imagine is 20 cents or so an hour.  So what we are seeing is these corporations who used to hire American workers at decent wages are now running to Mexico, to other Latin American countries, they are going to China, they are going to Vietnam, where they are hiring people for abysmally low wages. And that is part of our current trade policy.  I think I speak for the vast majority of the people in this country who say that what we have got to have is a fair trade policy which represents the interest of the vast majority of our people and not just corporate America, rather than a so-called free trade policy, which forces American workers to compete against desperate people throughout the entire world.  Mr. Speaker, one of the issues that concerns me terribly much is that every day that I turn on the television and I listen to the radio and I read the newspapers, I keep hearing about how great the economy is. I am sure the economy must be great for somebody, but it is not great for the vast majority of the people in my own State of Vermont.  The fact of the matter is that while the wealthiest people in this country are doing phenomenally well, while CEOs now earn over 200 times what their workers earn, the middle class continues to shrink and most of the new jobs that are being created are low-wage jobs, many of them part time, many of them temporary, many of them without benefits.  