 Speaker, yes, I also am opposed to this absurd bill. I think that millions of Americans will wonder why many leaders in the Democratic Party and the Republican Party have come together on such an unfair piece of legislation which primarily benefits the very rich at the expense of millions and millions of other people.  Let us take a hard look at the two proposals that this Congress dealt with yesterday and today. First, in order to cut spending, the Congress yesterday voted to cut $115 billion from Medicare over a 5-year period and $385 billion over 10 years. That means that elderly people all over this country will see a lower quality of health care at a time when many of them cannot even afford their prescription drugs.  Furthermore, Congress yesterday voted to cut the administration of Social Security by 23 percent, or a billion dollars, which means that when the elderly people and others want information or want to get on Social Security, it will take them longer to do that. Further, Congress voted a $13 billion cut in Medicaid over 5 years. That money goes to hospitals that are primarily serving low income people, exactly the hospitals that are having financial difficulties today.  Congress voted to cut veterans benefits. Thank you, veterans, for putting your life on the line. Voted to cut discretionary health programs by 16 percent, voted to cut community and regional development by 29 percent. The result of those cuts means that for senior citizens and for others, life will be harder.  Were there positive programs passed yesterday? Yes, there were. I support those positive programs. But today let us look at why we have to cut Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security administration and the veterans. What are we going to do? Why did we cut? Well, it looks like today we are going to be dealing with a tax package. What is in that tax package? Well, under this tax package the wealthiest 5 percent of Americans will receive almost half of the tax cuts. The upper 20 percent will receive over 70 percent of the benefits.  What is going on in America today? Everybody in the world except the leadership of Congress understands. The rich are getting richer. The middle class is being squeezed. Low income people are working for lower wages than was the case 20 years ago. Last year our friend Bill Gates, having a tough time, his income, his wealth went from $18 billion to $42 billion, a $24 billion increase for one man's wealth, $24 billion.  Bill Gates will do very well by this tax bill. Good luck, Bill, maybe you will make even more than 24 billion next year. But if you are a single working person or you are a family that does not have any kids, guess what? You are not going to do very well by this tax bill.  The fact of the matter is that the average tax break for middle-income families will be about $200. But, this is the Congress after all, we know where the money comes from to elect people. If you are among the richest 1 percent, you are not going to get a $200 tax break, you are going to get a $16,000 tax break. The wealthiest 1 percent will receive more in tax breaks than the bottom 80 percent. Vote ``no.''  