 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  I speak in strong support of the rule which allows for a number of serious amendments. I think the main point that I would make, as we proceed in this discussion, is that it is imperative for the U.S. Congress to get its priorities straight.  There are proposals that we are going to be debating here within the next couple of weeks which call for massive cuts in Medicare, massive cuts in veterans programs; we have experienced major cuts in housing, programs for our kids. And it seems to me that those Members who are concerned about national priorities, those Members who are concerned about deficit reduction have also got to take a hard look at the intelligence budget.  It is wrong to say to the elderly, we are going to cut home care service to you; say to low income people, we are going to cut back on Medicaid for you; allow a situation to continue by which we have the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world; and then say, well, despite the fact that the cold war is over, despite the fact that the Soviet Union does not exist, that international communism is basically dead, that despite all of that, we can allocate more money to the intelligence community despite the fact that the record shows that in area after area after area, the intelligence community has been extraordinarily wasteful and not costeffective.  I would remind Members that last year the New York Times reported, and I quote, May 16, 1996,       In a complete collapse of accountability, the government      agency that builds spy satellites accumulated about $4      billion in uncounted secret money, nearly twice the amount      previously reported to Congress, intelligence officials      acknowledged today.  And the article continues:       To put the $4 billion in perspective, the National      Reconnaissance Office, what the National Reconnaissance      Office did was to lose a sum of money roughly equal to the      annual budgets for the FBI and the State Department combined.  John Nelson, appointed last year as the reconnaissance office's's top financial manager and given the task of cleaning up the program, said in an interview published today in a special edition of Defense Week that the secret agency had undergone, and I quote, a fundamental financial meltdown. End of quote.  Let us get our priorities straight. We cannot cut for the kids. We cannot cut for the elderly. We cannot cut for the homeless, and in fact even make over the years significant cuts in military spending and then say to the intelligence community, hey, we treat you differently than any other aspect of government.  I rise in support of the rule because it enables us to have a serious debate on a major issue.  