 Chairman, I rise today in adamant support of continued funding of the National Endowment for the Arts. As we work through the budget process, deciding to build weapons of destruction, and spend unknown billions on the intelligence community, we must maintain spending for the arts and humanities.  Arts and humanities are a critical part of what civilized life is about, and I have very serious disagreements with those who want to increase funding for B-2 bombers and cut back on cultural programs for all Americans at the same time. Each B-2 bomber costs at least $1.5 billion, 15 times more than the entire funding for the NEA. This Congress must decide whether we will continue to increase the destructive capability of this Nation without regard to creative and artistic expression.  The NEA helps enhance the lives of the children and adults by supporting organizations which encourage individuals to cultivate their creative energies. Further, public funding of the arts allows many more people the chance to attend exhibits and performances, not just those who can afford expensive theater tickets. NEA is not pork for the rich and elite. It is crucial funding that brings art to people, schools, and communities that otherwise would not be able to afford them.  Arts teach our children understanding, self-expression, cooperation and self-discipline, and tell the story of a nation. Today's children should be inspired by music and theater and creative art, rather than desensitized to violence on television by a Congress that sends a message to the young people of this country that bombs and bullets are a higher priority than painting and singing.  In my State of Vermont, NEA funding has supported symphony concerts in rural underserved communities. NEA dollars have assisted in community-based artist-in-residence programs and a collection of the work and biographies and self-taught artists in northern rural Vermont. The NEA is a major funder of the Vermont Council on the Arts, an organization that brings the arts and festivals to communities across the State. NEA moneys have funded many other projects in Vermont that otherwise would not have been possible.  The elimination of the NEA would decimate funding for the arts across the country. We would likely witness a domino effect wherein local and State governments redirect their spending priorities in reaction to changes in Federal spending. private support cannot possibly replace the role of Federal dollars in arts funding. From 1992 to 1995, there was a $270 million decline in real dollars in private giving to the arts. Small and rural communities are even more at risk, since they receive far fewer private dollars toward the arts. The elimination of the NEA is contrary to the public will. Recent polls show that 79 percent of the American public favors a governmental role in funding the arts.  Every year the nonprofit arts community creates nearly $37 billion in economic activity in this country and 1.3 million American jobs. For every dollar the NEA invests in communities, there is a twenty-fold return in jobs, services, and contracts.  The arts are an important part of the foundation of every healthy democracy. The NEA brings the arts to communities all across the country regardless of geographic location or level of income.  