 Speaker, I am pleased to be here with the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur], thegentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bonior] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Kucinich], who are leading the fight against NAFTA.  The gentleman from Michigan makes an important point about wages, and let me ask my friends this question:  Every day that we pick up the newspaper we hear about the booming American economy. Do we not? In fact there was an article in the paper about how we have to clamp down on the boom, it is just off the wall it is so fantastic. But if you read page 62 in the little print about the boom when they talk about the wages that middle-class workers are getting in the midst of this boom, what do you find? My goodness. The real wages for American workers are continuing to decline.  Yes, the CEO's of major corporations saw a 54-percent increase in their compensation. Yes, the stock market is hitting off the wall. Yes, the rich are getting richer. But what about the average worker?  Mr. Speaker, the front pages of corporate America's newspapers do not talk about it, but for the average American worker, despite all of the so-called boom, the real wages are going down, people continue to work longer hours for low wages, and one of the reasons why is precisely what the gentlewoman from Ohio [Ms. Kaptur] and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Bonior] are talking about. If our workers are forced to compete against desperate people in Mexico or in China who are trying to get by on starvation wages, if we merge these economies what is the ultimate result?  Mr. Speaker, it does not take an Einstein to figure it out. If there is a employer over here who is going to pay somebody 50 cents an hour, why are they going to pay you $15 or $20 an hour?  I would submit for the Record a remarkable article. Many of you must have seen it. It was April 27, 1997, the Associated Press, and what they talk about is Nike in Vietnam. Now Nike has a habit of going to wherever in the world wages are at rock bottom. Mexico is much too high wage for Nike. They are now in Vietnam. They have determined that wages in Vietnam are the lowest in the world.  Let me quote this:       In demonstrations on Friday workers burnt cars and      ransacked the factory's office saying the company, Nike, was      not paying them a $2.50 cents a day minimum wage.  That is our competition. That is what, much of what, the global economy is about.  American workers, you really want to compete? Are you ready to go below $2.50 an hour? Nike might come back to America and hire you if you are ready to go for $2 a day. Ready to do that?  And that is, I think, the point that we are trying to make, and that is how it ties into the most important issue which is the declining wages.  