 Speaker, for the benefit of my colleagues I would like to have printed in the Record these statements by high school students from Vermont, who were speaking at my recent town meeting on issues facing young people.       Mr. Campbell. In the next three years the United States      will enter the 21st Century. We will fined ourselves faced      with many challenges that will be difficult but not      impossible to overcome. These challenges are overcoming the      national debt, dealing with fossil fuel shortages, threats to      national security and the future of the global community.       As we near the beginning of the next century, we face a      growing national debt. This debt is consuming more and more      government money. We must act before this debt gets so large      that it causes the downfall of our economy.       In order to solve this problem, the government must raise      more money. The most practical way to do this is to raise      taxes or to implement a national sales tax. The added income      from the tax increase or sales tax would greatly aid in the      eradication of this debt.       We will also face the problem of fossil fuel shortages. As      we consume more and more of these non renewable resources, we      will find it necessary to convert to alternate energy      sources. We can utilize the energy from the sun to generate      electricity. The most efficient way to accomplish this is to      place satellites fitted with solar panels in orbit and then      to have the energy beamed back to collecting stations on the      earth. This would give us an unlimited supply of cheap      electricity thus allowing us to gradually phase out fossil      fuels.       There will be many threats to national security in the next      century. These threats will be both physical and mental,      domestic and international. The mental threat to our society      is the public distrust of the government. The members of our      government must act to change this image so that people will      once again realize that the government is there to make their      lives better, not to destroy them. This could be accomplished      through a series of speeches or an advertising campaign in      which the representatives for a certain district or a state      would answer questions from the people about the state of a      government.       Another threat to our society is that of terrorism. As the      countries of the world grow more peaceful, violent people      will have to shift to terrorism in order to get their goals      accomplished. In order to combat this threat, we must devise      better security measures to scan people entering the country.      We can also work with the nations of the world to track down      terrorist organizations before they can cause any real      damage.       To combat terrorism originating in our country, we must      pass strong anti-terrorist laws that call for strict      punishment of terrorists. By taking a strong stand on this      issue, we can convince potential terrorists that if they want      to reform the system, it needs to be done from within with      the consent of the majority of the people.       With the invention of the airplane, it became possible to      travel long distances in short periods of time. This brought      the world together and caused the formation of the global      community. As this community expands, alliances will be      formed. We are already seeing examples of this with the      formation of the European Union and the United Nations. As      the world continues to evolve, the people will eventually      realize that it will be beneficial to form a world      government. This government would be an expansion of the      United Nations that would operate under a constitution based      on that of the United States. This constitution would      guarantee that all people will have the right to life,      liberty and the pursuit of happiness.       The creation of this government would all but abolish war.      The armies of the world would be combined to form a large      world army with each country keeping a smaller force to act      as our National Guard does today. This would ensure that the      rights of each independent country would not be abused and      that, if necessary, the country would be able to defend      itself.       The world government would also eliminate the need for      atomic weapons. This would allow us to destroy the weapons      and to shift our scientific resources to things more      beneficial than the creation of weapons.       The world government would allow us to achieve peace on      earth and it would ensure the rights of every man, woman and      child on the planet.       Mr. Lafarge. This government would be formed by an      expansion of the power of the United Nations. It would be the      job of this government to carry out the solutions to the      problems listed above.       First, all countries would need to form into a council      modeled after the United States Senate with each country      having two members. This council would need to choose a chief      executive. The Executive Branch would be headed by the chief      executive with a cabinet of seven officials. The seven      departments would be Justice, Defense, Treasury, Space      Exploration, Interior, World Health and International      Transportation. The Judicial branch would be headed by an      international Supreme Court. There would be a branch of the      international court in every country. Then, once established,      the government would gradually need to form a world currency.      This would ease transaction and aid in the forming of a world      stock market. This would also allow businesses around the      world to merge and further unify the world.       With the constant advances in technology, this government      would need to play an active role in the development of these      technologies. Space exploration and medicine are the most      prominent areas of study. There could be whole space stations      dedicated to one field or disease. Dangerous biohazards could      be contained and controlled. The unique properties of a low G      environment would enable us to do things that we cannot do on      earth. Scientists could create more resilient strains of      plants and then clone these to solve world food problems.      Scientists could use accelerated cellular reproduction to      grow food faster and allow for faster distribution.       Through the implementation of these programs, we can bring      humanity into a golden age where all men live under a fair,      just government based upon principles in the Constitution of      the United States.       Mr. Campbell. I haven't seen much progress with just what      I've witnessed from Congress. There have been attempts to      balance the budget, and that's a good start; but even with a      balanced budget, we won't generate enough capital to quickly      pay off this debt before it can really start to affect our      economy. I believe that eventually we're going to be forced      to increase taxes in order to pay for this.       There was the suggestion of cutting different programs, but      the way that I see it is that we're already cutting so many      programs as it is that if we end up cutting more programs,      some of them are going to eventually have to be dropped and      it may be unfortunate, but I believe that if we drop any      programs, it will end up being stuff like education or      entitlement programs and that would greatly harm a lot of      people. We could cut back on defense a bit. I think we're      spending a little too much on that. Other than that, I don't      really see any that we can really make huge cuts in.       A lot of people might fear that with the formation of a      world government we could end up having a dictatorship or an      oligarchy where only a few people would really have power. We      would have to ensure that this would not happen through      different actions before it was even implemented. The people      of the world would have to evolve to such a point where they      can actually deal with this and where we would be prepared to      set this government up without having these dangers. We have      to combat that now. If we can get people to trust the      government of the United States if we decide to form a world      government, we could encourage that--we could show people      that the government would be there to benefit them and to      help them, not to take over just for the sake of power.       Mr. Lafarge. People might fear about the formation of a      world government is the loss of culture and the individualism      of everyone and that people like Africans maybe might start      to lose their history or people just might feel that by      moving in this step that they will become kind of like      everybody else, and that's sort of a fear.