 Chairman, I would just conclude and suggest thatlast year there was a cut in this program. We are trying to restore half of the cut to the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country. It is the right thing to do. It is a bipartisan effort. I urge the Members to support it.  Mr. Chairman, the elderly nutrition programs funded in this bill, which include Meals on Wheels and congregate meals are excellent examples of good government and common sense, as well as Federal-State-local and public-private partnerships. This is exactly the sort of senior citizen program we should be funding. Therefore, I am delighted to be joined by Mr. LoBiondo, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Ney, Mrs. Thurman, Mr. Fox, and many more of our colleagues in offering a compromise amendment to increase funding for these programs by $5 million, making up half of the $10 million cut made last year.  Mr. Chairman, across America today, about 6 million hot Meals on Wheels have been served to senior citizens who do not have the capacity to leave their homes, and another 6 million hot meals have been served to lower-income senior citizens at senior centers and other community locations through the congregate program.  Mr. Chairman, this program is terribly important to millions of Americans. For many recipients of Meals on Wheels, the driver who delivers their meals may be their only visitor, their only contact with the world, in a given day. The Urban Institute recently estimated that as many as 4.9 million seniors--about 16 percent of the population aged 60 and older--are either hungry or malnourished. According to studies from the University of Florida, 89 percent of Meals on Wheels recipients are at moderate to high risk for malnutrition. Meals on Wheels and congregate meals help these Americans stay healthy. Yet, 41 percent of Meals on Wheels programs nationwide have waiting lists today--lists of senior citizens who go hungry because we are not funding this program at an appropriate level.  Let me also point out that today in America, 4 million seniors live in poverty, and another 16 million are near poverty. Half of our senior citizens in this country live on incomes of $15,000 or less per year.  As Mathematica Policy Research found last year, the senior nutrition programs are well-targeted at poor elderly Americans. The average beneficiary of these programs is 77 years old, and 90 percent of beneficiaries live below 200 percent of poverty; about 40 percent have subpoverty incomes.  At this time, Mr. Chairman, I would like to tell you about how one of my constituents' lives was saved by a Meals on Wheels driver. On March 25 of this year, my constituent Cecil Utley of Barre, VT, fell and broke his hip. Unable to move, he lay on his floor for 5 hours until David Stevens, a Meals on Wheels driver for the Central Vermont Council on Aging, was troubled that Mr. Utley did not answer his door. He had another Council on Aging worker, Kathy Paquet, try to reach Mr. Utley by phone, and when they failed they obtained help from a neighbor who had a key to Mr. Utley's house. They found him barely conscious and called an ambulance. I am pleased to report that Mr. Utley is now doing well in his recovery.  As his son Gayle wrote to the program, ``Without your help and concern, my father would probably not have survived this accident. You * * * will always be remembered fondly by our family. Keep up the great work.''  Mr. Chairman, this program not only makes good social policy sense, it also makes excellent fiscal policy sense. Every $1 spent on these senior nutrition programs saves $3 in Federal Medicare, Medicaid, and veterans' health care costs since malnourished patients stay in the hospital nearly twice as long a well-nourished seniors, costing $2,000 to $10,000 more per stay.  Mr. Chairman, this is a modest, compromise amendment. Last year, the elderly nutrition programs in this bill were cut by $10 million, from $150 to $140 million. In my view, that was a penny-wise, pound-foolish cut to make. Given inflation and the aging of our population, funding for these programs is not keeping pace with either the rising cost of food or the increase in Meals on Wheels customers. Further, when Congress reauthorized the Older Americans Act in 1992, it said the per-meal reimbursement rate of these programs should not fall below 61 cents. Unfortunately, the rate has fallen to an estimated 58.5 cents per meal this year, and will fall further if our amendment is not adopted.  This amendment is fully paid for with a modest, 0.6 percent cut in the FDA through its salary and expenses account. I am not here to bash the FDA or its hard-working staff, and it is not my intent to cut food safety initiatives or tobacco control enforcement activities with this amendment, but I do believe this $5 million will better serve the country if it is spent on hot meals for homebound senior citizens rather than administrative expenses at FDA.  