 Speaker, I applaud the gentleman's remarks, and I especially congratulate him for focusing his thoughts on what is happening to ordinary working people rather than just the very wealthy and the very powerful.  One of the aspects of modern life which concerns me very much is that when we turn on the television or we read the newspapers, as you well know we hear about the booming economy; do we not? We hear about how some Wall Street folks tell us that the economy has literally never been better in our lifetimes, and they wonder just how long it will continue to be so good.  And then I go back to the State of Vermont, and I talk to working people from one end of the State to the other, and I say to them tell me about the booming economy. And what they say is, Bernie, I am working two jobs or three jobs, and my wife is out working long hours just to pay the bills. So we do not have too much time to consider the booming economy. We are just working hard to keep our heads above water.  And the reality is, according to the official statistics, that in the midst of all of this great boom, what is going on for the average working person? Well, I do not hear this too much. Yes, we know recently, we read recently, that the CEO's of major corporations are now earning over 200 times what their workers are making, so we can see for the CEO's, the chief executive officers of major corporations, things are booming. That is true.  And we also read recently that compensation for the CEO's last year was 54 percent higher than the previous year. We concede that too. If you are a CEO of a major corporation, I guess the economy is booming.  But when you read through the fine print, you find that for the average American worker last year, wages went up on average by about 3.8 percent. Inflation is about 3 percent. And we know that low-wage workers got a bit of a boost because we raised the minimum wage a little bit. We know that the higher income workers generally do better than the middle-class workers.  So you add it all together, and what you discover is that in the midst of this great boom the standard of living of the average middle-class worker continues to decline, and if the standard of living of working-class people declines today in the midst of a boom, I wonder very much what will happen when our boom ends, as it is sure to end.  I am also concerned that in the midst of all of this so-called boom, the United States continues to have, by far, not even close, the most unfair distribution of wealth and income in the industrialized world. We do not talk about that too much; we do not see this too much on the corporate media's television stations or in the newspapers, but the facts are pretty clear. The wealthiest 1 percent of the population now owns over 40 percent of the wealth of America, and the richest 1 percent owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent, and we have the greatest gap between the rich and poor of any other country in the industrialized world.  What kind of boom is that? We know that during the last 20 years, while we have seen a significant increase in millionaires and billionaires, 80 percent of all American families have seen either a decline in their net income or, at best, economic stagnation. In fact, adjusted for inflation, the average pay of four-fifths of American workers plummeted 16 percent in 20 years. Twenty years ago in the United States of America, as you well know, the United States led the world in terms of the wages and benefits we provided our workers. We were number one. And now in the midst of the great boom, we are down to 13th place.  In Germany, for example, manufacturing workers there earn over 25 percent of what manufacturing workers in the United States earn. In 1973 the average American worker earned $445 a week. Twenty years later, with inflation adjusted dollars, that same worker was making $373 a week. People today are working far longer hours than they have to, than they were 20 years ago. So you are seeing people working two jobs, three jobs, over time, women who would prefer to be home with their kids being forced to work in order to pay the bills.  Where is the boom for the middle class or the working class of this country? It is not there. And one of the reasons, as you so aptly pointed out in your remarks, is the disastrous and failing trade policy which this country is currently experiencing. And in my opinion it is not just NAFTA, it is GATT, it is Most Favored Nation status with China, it is the huge trade deficit that we have.  And as I think you indicated, the issue is not too complicated. If an American company is forced to choose between paying an American worker a living wage of $10 or $15 an hour providing decent benefits, having to protect the environment, or run to Mexico where you can get a good worker there for 70 or 80 cents an hour, you do not have to worry about the environment, you do not have to worry about unions, what choice is that employer going to make? And the evidence is pretty clear, the choice that that employer made, which is why we have lost hundreds of thousands of jobs.  So I would just say as we begin our discussion here, I know in my State of Vermont, and I suspect throughout the country, there may be a boom, but it certainly is not applying to the middle class or the working families of my State.  