 Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding the balance of his time to me, and I hate to disagree with my good friend, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Regula] especially since we are going to do a colloquy in a few moments. But bottom line is the program that we are talking about here is corporate welfare. That is what the Fossil Energy Research and Development Program is, and that is not just my opinion. I remind the Members that it was the 1997 budget resolution of the Republican party which said, and I want to repeat this:       The Department of Energy has spent billions of dollars on      research and development since the oil crisis of 1973      triggered this activity. Returns on this investment have not      been cost effective, particularly for applied research and      development which industry has ample incentive to undertake.      Some of this activity is simply corporate welfare for the      oil, gas and utility industry.  Mr. Chairman, let me quote from the Congressional Budget Office:       In the area of fossil research and development, commercial      firms already spend a great deal of money to develop new      technologies. The major new technologies for enhanced oil      recovery, for example, have come from private industry, not      DOE.  Mr. Chairman, this is an important point to make, and I want the Members to hear this:       Among the beneficiaries of the petroleum research and      development program are some of the largest multinational      energy conglomerates in the world, including: Exxon, Chevron,      Conoco, Texaco, Amoco, Phillips Petroleum, ARCO and Shell.  When kids around the country cannot get an education because this land is their land, the public land is not paying taxes, payment in lieu of taxes, should these major multinational corporations be the industries that we are subsidizing? I think not.  Mr. Chairman, this project, the fossil energy program, is being targeted as one of the dirty dozen corporate subsidies by the Stop Corporate Welfare Coalition, which includes National Taxpayers Union, Taxpayers For Common Sense, USPIRG, and Citizens Against Government Waste.  Mr. Chairman, this concept is supported by progressives and conservatives and people in between. Let us stop subsidizing large multinational corporations who do not need taxpayers' money. Let us help local communities all over America get the payments in lieu of taxes that they need.  