 Mr. President, we have had a very extensive and very thoughtful debate about the underlying amendment by Senator McCain to increase OCO spending by $18 billion strictly for Department of Defense operations and functions, and those are very critical and very important.  There have been two principles we have followed over the last several years when it comes to trying to push back the effects of sequestration. Those principles have been that the security of the United States is significantly affected by the Department of Defense's operations, but not exclusively. Indeed, there are many functions outside the parameters of the Department of Defense that are absolutely critical and essential to the protection of the American people at home and abroad: the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, the CDC. So that has been one of the principles. The other principle we recognize is that that in lifting these temporary limits, we have to do it on an equal basis.  What the amendment Senator Mikulski and I have offered does is embracethese two principles. We would add an additional $18 billion to the chairman's $18 billion. That would encompass the broader view of national security, and do so in a way that I think is very sensible, and allow us to go forward as we have in the past.  All of us recognize the extraordinary sacrifices made by the men and women of our Armed Forces and the fact that they continue to serve as the frontline of the defense in so many different aspects. But we also recognize that defending our interests means agencies outside the Department of Defense--the State Department, Homeland Security--that have absolutely critical and indispensable roles in our national security.  Reflecting on the comments before about the potential for incidents both here and abroad, if we go back to 9/11, that was not a result of a failure to have trained Army brigades or marine regiments or aircraft carriers at sea; that was a deficiency in the screening of passengers getting on airplanes; that was a failure to connect intelligence that one FBI office had that was not shared effectively. Those threats to the United States will not be directly remedied even as we increase resources to the Department of Defense. Resources have to go to these other agencies as well. I think that is something we all recognize, and that is what is at the heart of what we are doing.  In addition, over the last decade we have seen a host of other threats, particularly cyber threats, which were rudimentary back in 2001, 2002, and 2003. Now we see them as ubiquitous--not rudimentary--and threatening and with an increasing sort of sophistication.  I recall that in a hearing Senator Collins and I had with the Department of Transportation and the Department of Housing and Urban Development, we asked the IG: What is the biggest issue that you think is facing your Departments right now? Both said it is the issue of cyber security--protecting the data we have, protecting the records we have, protecting ourselves from being an unwitting conduit into even more sensitive government systems.  So within our amendment, we propose significant resources for cyber protections throughout the Federal Government--Homeland Security, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, et cetera. These are essential, and I think the American people understand that.  We also understand that our infrastructure is critical to our economic well-being and our economic growth. Part of our dilemma going forward and one of the reasons we are locked in this sequestration battle is that unless we are growing our economy, we will be continually faced with difficult challenges about what we fund, how we fund it, how we provide the revenue to meet these obligations. One of the surest ways to increase our growth is to invest in our infrastructure.  I think what we are proposing makes sense in two fundamental ways. It recognizes--as I think everyone does--that our national security is not exclusively related to the programs and functions of the Department of Defense and that our national security is a function not just of our military, intelligence, and other related agencies, but the vitality and strength of the country, the ability to grow and to afford these investments in defense, in homeland security, and others. We make it clear. We make it clear in this legislation that that is our proposal. And the stakes are clear: We want to go ahead and support a broad-ranged increase in resources.  The final point I will make is that this is all in the shadow of the ultimate issue, which is getting rid of sequestration--not just for one part of the government but for the entire government. If we don't address that next year, we are going to be in an extraordinarily dire situation.  With that, I ask my colleagues sincerely and very fervently to support the Reed-Mikulski amendment. I think that would put us on the track to true national security.  With that, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rubio). The Senator from Maryland.  