 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule. This is not consistent with what the Speaker and the other leaders of the Republican Party have said they were going to do. It is inconsistent with how they said they were going to manage this House. It is inconsistent with the rights of the American people to have their Representatives vote on issues of great importance, which, of course, is what the Speaker and Mr. McCarthy and Mr. Cantor said in this book, ``Young Guns.''  I am going to read a paragraph from this book. This is in Paul Ryan's section, under his heading, the Speaker of the House:  ``The new Washington way,'' in speaking about what was apparently the stuff he didn't like, ``isn't open debate broadcast on C-SPAN; it is closed-door, backroom deals. The Washington way doesn't seek input from both sides of the issue; it muscles through bills on strict one-party votes. And the Washington way,'' speaking clearly of the way the majority of the Democrats were leading, ``isn't interested in honest up-or-down votes on transformational programs. It rigs the process,'' it reads, ``to produce the outcome it desires through any means necessary.''  That is exactly what is happening in this rule--exactly. Paul Ryan and the young guns promised transparency, openness, and the House's being allowed to work its will.  So what has happened in the Committee on Rules?  Exactly the opposite. No transparency--a muzzling of the Members of the House of Representatives in not allowing a vote--but simply, unilaterally, in the dead of night, pocketing an amendment that was adopted in the committee that says that women would be treated just like men.  Now, I know that is a revolutionary concept for some on your side of the aisle here, and I know you certainly didn't want your Members to vote on that extraordinarily controversial issue. So in the dead of night, without any debate, without a vote in the Committee on Rules, it was simply put in the chairman's pocket, and 434 of us were ripped out of the process. The young guns said that wouldn't happen. Now, the young guns, by the way, so we all understand, are the Speaker and the majority leader now.  