 Mr. Speaker, normally, the colloquy between the majority leader and myself on the schedule might be lengthier than it will be today. This week has been a sobering week, a sad week.  I want to congratulate Speaker Ryan on the comments that he made this morning. He said that ``every Republican and every Democrat wants to see less gun violence.'' He then went on to say: ``Sometimes we disagree on how to get there. Sometimes we disagree passionately on how to get there.'' He went on to say: ``But in having this debate, let's not lose sight of the values that unite us. Let's not lose sight in our common humanity.'' He then said: ``We need to take a moment here for reflection, for thought, for prayer, for justice, for action.''  Mr. Speaker, the majority leader and I have had a brief conversation on the floor. He said to me--and I agree--that we need to sit down together and try to see how we can bring this country and this House together on a way forward to, as the gentlewoman from Texas said, decrease the tensions that exist between citizens and law enforcement officers, to ensure the safety not only of those officers but of Alton Sterling, who lost his life, and of Philando Castile, who lost his life--an instance that appeared to be horrifying and unacceptable.  I think all of us in this House and all Americans, Mr. Speaker, like the majority leader has suggested to me--and I have responded--should come together to de-escalate the tensions in our society, the confrontations that we see too often, the rash rhetoric--the hateful rhetoric in some cases--that is being used. I thank the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, for what I believe to be his very sincere and heartfelt thoughts along those lines.  So we will not engage in a colloquy today of differences but in a colloquy that will, with prayerful consideration, try to serve the people of this country and each and every individual in this country towards a safer, more assured life in America.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his words and our conversation prior.  Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. Too many families are mourning losses this week. I believe all Americans are praying for the families--for the innocents who have been murdered in ambush. It is a time for this Nation to heal; it is a time for this Nation to unite; and it is a time for justice to be done. I think, for that to start, this House needs to be an example. I thank the gentleman for being accepting of and for being willing to work together as we have so many times before.  As we know in this House, people come from many different parts of this Nation and have expertise. I have sat and had a conversation with Dave Reichert, who has tremendous expertise; and I have had conversations with John Lewis. There is an ability within this House to help this Nation unite and heal the wounds that are out there, and I thank the gentleman for being willing to be a part of that.  