Speaker, the majority party rejected the bipartisan legislation that came from the Senate with 68 votes. That is more than two-thirds of the Senate. Half of the Republicans in the United States Senate passed that bill over to us, and we could have passed it.  I know some people said we needed the $1.1 billion, but I will tell you, had you brought that bill to the floor without adding political aspects to it that you knew we would not support, it would have passed. You could have passed it on your own, but you chose to make it a political bill. And we are not going to accept that because the American--you are right, Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve that we deal with this issue now.  The President asked for this money on February 22. We are now at September 10, Mr. Speaker, and we have not dealt with this except in a way that, frankly, the majority party knew would not be acceptable, would not be bipartisan, would not pass the Senate, and would not be signed by the President.  It is, I say with all due respect, Mr. Majority Leader, not credible to say because we didn't take what you wanted to jam down our throat when we had an agreement--not everybody agreed. Iunderstand some people on my side said, oh, no, 1.1 is not enough, and I frankly don't think it is enough. But it is a very substantial sum that would enable NIH to pursue vaccines and pursue other matters in Puerto Rico and Florida and other places in this Nation to keep our people safe.  So I tell the majority leader, again, bring the bipartisan bill passed to us by the United States Senate with 68 votes. Bring it to the floor as a House bill and we will pass it, and that is why I tell the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, that I believe every Member on my side of the aisle will vote for that, not because they believe $1.1 billion will be sufficient to address this problem.  Leader Pelosi makes the very cogent point, Mr. Speaker, the Director of CDC says that it will cost $10 million per child who suffers from microcephaly, which is the result of Zika. Very frankly, in Brazil they found that the results go beyond that. $10 million. If 200 children get microcephaly, that gets to the dollars that the President wants from us to prevent this horrible consequence to the children and to the families of America.  So I say with all due respect, Mr. Majority Leader, you can say all you want--and I know the spin: the Democrats in the Senate are holding this up. I do not accept that. I think it is inaccurate. What is holding it up is putting in items in a bill that is absolutely essential, gratuitously, that you know we will object to as opposed to doing what the Senate did, Mr. Speaker, and that is reaching a bipartisan agreement. It is very tough to reach bipartisan agreements in this House because we have a group in this House who wants to wag the dog. And that is not what the American people expect.  I want to say, Mr. Speaker, that I have great respect for the majority leader, and he is accurate. We do sit down, we work together, and we can come to bipartisan agreements. We didn't sit down on this. The conference report was not signed by a single Democrat. There was no doubt that when it came to this House floor, there were no Democrats on that conference report, and we had no debate.  Now, one of the reasons we had no debate--I want to make it clear because the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, is going to make that clear as well--was our side, we thought there was another important issue, but the fact of the matter is not whether it was debated. There would have only been 30 minutes a side anyway, a short debate.  But the fact of the matter is the majority leader knows that the $1.1 billion bill that the Senate passed, even though it is not the President's request, would have passed on this floor, and it would pass on this floor today. And NIH and CDC would have the resources, Mr. Speaker, that they need to protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, that is what we ought to do.  I now yield to my friend, the majority leader.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman.  I think the best thing for the American people is to actually read the bill. So let me just read the section that you referred to, that you stated that no Democrat in Appropriations would sign on to, that no Democrats on the other side wanted to vote for. It referred to a block grant. Let me quote it. This is in the bill dealing with Zika. ``For the funding for health services provided by public health departments, hospitals or reimbursed through public health plans.''  Seriously, you are opposed to that? That is what you are fighting over while the mosquitoes begin to grow and go beyond State by State? This is what we are fighting over?  That $1.1 billion, added with the other $600 million, took place in June. Yeah, we couldn't get to the floor to debate it because you wouldn't give us one microphone. But I am sorry, I know there is a lot of politics that goes around here, but this is not. This is the moment, this is the time that we rise above it. The American people do not deserve that, and I say let's put this paragraph out, let the public read what the bill says, and I will promise you, the majority wants you to vote for it and stop playing games.  