Of course, 130 of his Members voted against that bill; 130 of his Members rejected that bill. I am hard pressed to think that the majority leader believes that our ``no'' votes were political and his ``no'' votes were principled. That defies logic from my standpoint. The fact of the matter is that bill lost because the gentleman's Members didn't support it. The gentleman has 247 Members.  I do remember being majority leader. Very frankly, I remember getting 218 Democrats for almost every bill we brought to the floor. So we passed them with our votes.  If 130 of the gentleman's Members had not voted against their own bill, it would have passed. And there should be no, Madam Speaker, misrepresentation or misinformation about how seriously Mr. Maloney cared about his amendment. There should be none whatsoever. In point of fact, it enjoyed ultimately the majority of support here on this floor.  I will tell the gentleman, I have been here for sometime. He is correct on that, and I do offer amendments from time to time to improve bills that, even as improved, I don't like. So, in the final analysis, although I have improved them and been successful in adopting an amendment, I still do not think the bills are appropriate to pass and go into law.  This conversation started with the fact that we need to be able to offer ideas. Very frankly, I understand the gentleman's position.  Today, we just voted on two bills that aren't going anywhere, a sense of Congress that you are not going to bring to the floor. They have no chance of passage. What did you want to do? You wanted to play politics. I don't mean you personally, Madam Speaker, but it was a political effort solely to bring two bills to the floor to express some sense of Congress, both of which I voted against because I thought they were playing politics.  So the accusation somehow that we are playing politics because we offer amendments that we care deeply about, that we want to see no discrimination allowed in our bills and that we want to defeat those constraints on an executive order that says to people who do business with the Federal Government, you can't discriminate against people, I will tell my friend, yes, we are going to continue to try to do that. Now, of course, on this last bill, we were not allowed to do that. We were shut down and shut up and precluded from voting on that particular piece of legislation.  So, when I tell my friend that this session started with a pledge for open rules on appropriations bills, I understand the gentleman's problem. Frankly, we had structured rules when we were in charge as well. We had not made any great representation about open rules; therefore, we, too, wanted to get the business of the House done.  Yes, I remember well 2007 when we were confronted with a filibuster by amendment. At some point in time, after 10 bills had been very difficult to pass, on the last two bills, we did have structured rules.  I tell my friend that I hope that he will accord to Mr. Maloney or others the sincerity of their objectives, notwithstanding the fact that their amendment is adopted and articulates what I think is proper policy for our country, that is, not to discriminate. Everybody in our country apparently doesn't believe that, but Mr. Maloney does. And I want to make it very clear that he was very sincere in that amendment. Those of us who voted for it were very sincere in that amendment. It was not politics; it was values.  Moving on, I want to congratulate the majority leader on his work on Puerto Rico. That was a difficult issue for us both, a difficult issue for our caucuses, a difficult issue for the executive department. We worked together. We got a bill done that certainly was not our favorite.  The bill included a lot of stuff in there that we didn't like, but I will tell the gentleman that we didn't play politics on that. We only lost 24 votes on a bill that was largely constructed by the gentleman's side of the aisle in terms of some of the issues unrelated, per se, to restructuring of the debt, which was the intent of the bill.  So I want the majority leader to know--he and I have a good relationship. I have great respect for him--weare going to intend to try to work together on issues like that that are difficult but are necessary for the American people.  Toward that end, can the gentleman tell me what the status of the Zika issue is with reference to getting resources as quickly as possible to confront this challenge to our country's health?  I yield to the gentleman from California.  Mr. McCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on the Puerto Rico crisis. It is something that we worked on together very early from all leaders' sides, making sure that we protected the taxpayers from a bailout, and I think we met all the criteria for helping Puerto Rico move forward and protecting the taxpayer.  The gentleman is correct on Zika. We want to make sure the funding is there. As the gentleman knows, there is currently funding, and, as the gentleman knows, we have passed a bill on Zika and we have named our conferees. It is my understanding that the Senate is just now naming their conferees, so I am very hopeful that we can get that conference done very quickly and a bill brought back to the floor.  As of now, I had met with the Director of the CDC the week when we departed before the district work period. There are enough resources currently, but we need to get our work done as rapidly as possible.  