Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader, for giving us the schedule.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House.  On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30.  On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.  On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow.  The House will also consider H.R. 3438, the REVIEW Act, sponsored by Representative Tom Marino, which ensures that new agency rules that place $1 billion or more in costs on the economy will not take effect until after any litigation over the rule is resolved.  Additionally, the House will consider H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, sponsored by Representative Erik Paulsen. This critical bill, which is part of the Innovation Initiative, gives startups the opportunity to attract the talent necessary to advance innovation and grow the economy.  The House will also consider two important bills related to Iran. The first is H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, sponsored by Representative Bruce Poliquin. It requires the Treasury Department to report on the total assets of senior Iranian and political and military leaders and make that information public on their Web site.  The second, H.R. 5931, the Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act, sponsored by Representative Ed Royce, will prohibit all cash payments, including dead-of-night ransom payments, and ensure transparency in congressional review of any future settlements with Iran.  Now, finally, Mr. Speaker, as we approach the end of September, Members are advised that additional items are possible, including legislation to fund the government.  