 I would reiterate what he and I both stated last week, which is that, clearly, this is not a bailout. There is no money contemplated that is going to Puerto Rico, and there is no extension of U.S. credit backing from the United States to Puerto Rico.  What it is, as the gentleman knows, is just setting up a process for a restructuring of debt that everyone knows cannot be paid, and there needs to be some sort of rational way that Puerto Rico can work itself to both repay that which it can repay while, at the same time, maintain the absolutely essential services of education, health care, and public safety for the American citizens who live in Puerto Rico. So I would hope that we would continue to work on that.  Again, the majority leader's staff and my staff, Treasury, and Mr. Bishop's staff, the leader's staff and Mr. Ryan's staff all have been working towards that end, and I appreciate that.  But I think we all feel a sense of urgency. Even if we could work it out over the weekend or before we end next week, if we could bring it to the floor next week, if we had an agreement, I think that would be a good thing for us to do. I don't know whether it is possible--I hope it is possible--but I look forward to working with the majority leader towards that end.  There are two other items, as you know, that I have mentioned in the past.  Zika. There was a very compelling editorial in The Washington Post today about Zika. The administration has asked for $1.9 billion to address that crisis, which, clearly, almost every week, the CDC says is a growing one, with more exposure, with more of the United States' mainland being implicated as being at risk.  In addition to that, of course, Ebola continues to be a continuing health challenge both in Africa and in this country, but mainly in Africa. As you know, we appropriated money.  Mr. Rogers and the Appropriations Committee and the gentleman said: Look, we can take some of that money and move it over to the Zika effort.  The problem with that, Mr. Leader, as I think you have heard me say before, is that Ebola continues to be a crisis.  Is there any expectation that we could bring a supplemental appropriations bill for this emergency that confronts the health of our people here, in Puerto Rico, in the Caribbean, and, frankly, in other parts of the world? Is there any chance of bringing a supplemental to the floor to address both of those?  In addition, Flint continues to be on bottled water because they have not yet been provided with a water system that works for their people.  So those three items, in addition to Puerto Rico, I think are compelling, timely issues for us to address.  Will the gentleman give me any additional information as to when that might occur?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I want to take the opportunity to thank the gentleman for working with us on Zika.  As he knows, I approached him early on to make sure we dealt with this in a bipartisan manner. As to any threat, we want to make sure it is not a partisan issue.  As the gentleman knows, there was somewhere around $2 billion in unobligated Ebola money. One of the ideas, especially when the administration had requested money, was to have time to go through and ask the question, and many of those questions have not been answered yet.  We wanted to make sure no funding problems would happen. We are proud of the administration for its being able to take our idea and move almost $600 million into Zika as we go forward. That will take us quite a ways into this fiscal year.  We are continuing to look at and to ask questions. I have a whole list here of questions that have been asked from a standpoint of an updated spending plan from HHS, which still hasn't been planned, of where they go, of what activities will the funds carry out, of how much funding do the agencies anticipate needing in 2016.  I mean, as the gentleman knows, never should we write a blank check, but never should we turn a blind eye to a problem. I am proud of the fact that we have not and that we have responsibly made sure that close to $600 million is used right now.  We have asked the questions of what we need to go forward. I know the Appropriations Committee is continuing to work on that. We have the appropriations process going through, and that will probably be the ideal time to deal with it and anything going any further because we would have the questions answered and the ability to fund it.  