Speaker, I thank the gentleman.  Let me mention two other items briefly because I know the gentleman has a time constraint. Zika and Ebola continue to be challenges to the health of Americans and, indeed, the health of the international community as well.  Obviously, we previously committed a significant sum of money to meet the Ebola crisis, which still remains with us. It is not on the front burner as it was for a period of time, but it is, nevertheless, as the gentleman knows, a very significant and serious one.  In addition, of course, we have the crisis that Zika poses to the health and welfare not only of women who either are or may become pregnant, but also to others as well.  Can the gentleman tell me where the funding--as the gentleman knows, the administration transferred some funds out of the money that was dedicated to Ebola. And I want to thank the gentleman for having a hearing, which he invited me. We joined in having that hearing, and we had Secretary Burwell of HHS, Tony Fauci of NIH, and Dr. Frieden of CDC--a very important hearing. They have transferred some money.  Does the gentleman have any information as to when we might move forward, both on backfilling the money that has been taken from Ebola and responding to the administration's request for funding for response to Zika?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I do think the gentleman's work is bipartisan on our challenge with Zika and as we continue to move forward with it.  First, I am very happy to see that the administration did take our advice last week and began using the unused Ebola funding in our efforts to combat Zika. I know that was more than half a billion dollars. That money is going to go a long way to containing the disease. I had met with the chairman of Appropriations just today. They are continuing to look and monitor. We believe this money will take us throughout the rest of this fiscal year, but we will look and monitor where we need it and what we need to move forward.  As the gentleman knows, every day we continue to learn more about Zika. We are committed on this side, and I know on your side as well, to make sure that we eradicate this problem from ever furthering in America.  