 Let me make a couple of observations.  I hear there is some discussion about the appropriations process. As the gentleman well knows, the appropriations process hasn't done too well lately.  Forgetting about who is to blame or who is not to blame, the appropriations process, essentially, has not worked, as the gentleman knows. Of course, last year, as we had done the year before, we passed an omnibus and didn't pass the appropriations bills.  My view is we have an emergency. It is doubtful that appropriations bills are going to get done in time. My own supposition is we are going to have a CR in September.  We have, really, 40 days left between now, I think, and the August break of legislative days. It is going to be problematic, at best, to get appropriations bills done by October 1, much less to respond to an emergency, which is why we believe that a supplemental, really, is called for.  We have two emergencies that are ongoing and a third in Flint, Michigan, and we believe that we ought to respond to those long before the possibility, much less the probability, of the appropriations bills passing this House, the Senate, and being signed by the President.  Does the gentleman have any thoughts on that? Because, if you are contemplating an appropriations process, Mr. Leader, with all due respect, past history would tell us, over the last few years--again, forgetting about who is to blame for it--the appropriations process does not get done in a timely fashion.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  As the gentleman knows, the Appropriations Committee has already marked up three bills. The gentleman having served on Appropriations, he also understands that that is where you get a lot of questions answered, that that is where you get a lot of the good information from both sides of the aisle.  There is close to $600 million for Zika right now. I have the same concern that you have. That is why I am telling the administration and the agencies that it would be very helpful if they would answer the questions needed.  Where would this money go? There are so many from the perspective of: Is Ebola no longer a public health risk? You have $2 billion, unobligated, sitting in there that we could use.  If we want to solve the Zika problem, I think we should all work together. I am looking for the administration to answer some questions. I think that is the most responsible way to go about solving this problem.  I haven't given up on the appropriations process. I think it is a perfect opportunity, and I would think, for Members on both sides of the aisle, maybe it would give them a little incentive, in knowing the challenges that are out there for the American public, that this is the process that was created. And we could all have input.  One thing that we know, since this majority has taken over, is that we have an open process in appropriations as well; so, anybody can offer an amendment. I think that would be the best place to deal with this.  I do have a very personal compassion in talking about water. I know the situation that happened in Flint. I have lived with water problems in California for quite some time. For the last three Congresses, I have fought very hard to solve that for California.  Unfortunately, the other Chamber has done nothing. I have kids in the Central Valley who do not have water, people who are on bottled water they bring in, people who have portable water, where they have to come in and bring the tanks.  We have lived this for quite some time; so, you will find, on this side of the aisle, someone who is very compassionate about it and who wants to deal with that water issue at the same time as well. I think it would be appropriate.  