Speaker.  I would reiterate, Mr. Speaker, the observation that I made last week, that the Senate has, in fact, passed a Zika response with 68 votes. And if the Senate fails to move legislation, the majority leader--and I share his view--hopes it will be included in a continuing resolution. In the event that does not occur, I would urge the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, to consider putting a House bill in which reflects the Senate compromise supported by more than two-thirds of the Senate and a bill which I represented to the majority leader last week--but I want to represent again--I can't say unanimouslybut overwhelmingly, with well over 180 votes, in my view, we would support.  I give that information, Mr. Speaker, to the majority leader so that he will know that in the event we have not responded in the CR that I believe the Senate-passed legislation incorporated into a House bill and brought to the floor can pass on suspension and may well even be able to pass on unanimous consent. I don't know that that is the case, but it certainly could pass on suspension. I would urge him to consider that as an alternative available to us to respond so that we do not have the situation which we had in July of leaving town for 7 weeks without having addressed this crisis that confronts the health of our people.  Mr. Speaker, let me indicate that we have a number of other pieces of legislation that I would last like to ask the majority leader about. There are rumors that our schedule is going to be over in the next few weeks. I don't know. The Senate was planning on going presumably to the first week of October. I don't know that they are going to do that. We are planning to go to the end of September.  There are a number of other pieces of legislation which I think need to be addressed. We continue to be very concerned about our failure to respond to the Flint crisis. The mayor of Flint was in my office yesterday. They are still drinking bottled water because the water in their pipes that is being delivered to their homes is still unfit for human consumption unless a filter is in place and unless that filter is working efficiently and effectively. We really need to, I think, help on that.  With respect to opioids, we passed a piece of legislation that was, Mr. Speaker, a bipartisan piece of legislation. We continue to believe, however, the resources to carry out the policies included in the authorizing bill need to be addressed.  Lastly, Mr. Speaker--I mentioned this before--we continue to urge that in light of the scourge of gun violence in America that we take up two bills sponsored by the former chairman, Republican chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security. They are not Democratic bills, although Democrats support the bills and are cosponsors of the bill, but they are Peter King's bills to provide greater safety.  First of all, Mr. Speaker, we have adopted the premise that background checks are a good thing. We require background checks. The problem is, we don't require background checks in every instance of a transfer of a weapon from seller to buyer. The problem with that, of course, is if you want to buy a gun for a nefarious purpose, one would assume you are not going to go and have your background checked. You will find some other way to purchase that gun. We would hope that bill would be brought to the floor.  The second bill that Mr. King has, of course, seems to us to be a very reasonable piece of legislation, which simply says, if you are judged too dangerous to fly on our airplanes, you ought to be too dangerous as well to buy weapons to injure people in our country; we think you are too dangerous to go on an airplane and that you might injure people in that fashion.  I would urge, Mr. Majority Leader, Mr. Speaker, before we leave before the election, two things, that we bring those to the floor and we carry out--and I want to repeat again because I think it is important. Speaker Paul Ryan said on October 29, 2015, just a year ago: ``We will not duck the tough issues; we will take them head on . . . we should not hide our disagreements. We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagreements honestly stated.''  Mr. Speaker, I share that view. I think the bills that I have mentioned--Flint, opioids, gun violence, and certainly Zika, and, yes, there are others--ought to be brought to this floor, and the House ought to work its will. I would hope that in the next few days that are available to us that the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, gives careful consideration to bringing those pieces of legislation to the floor.  In the gun violence case, the polls reflect that over 85 percent--and in one case over 90 percent--of Americans support those pieces of legislation. They would pass, Mr. Speaker, overwhelmingly. The only reason they haven't passed--the only reason they haven't passed--contrary to the statement that we will not duck the tough issues, said by Speaker Ryan just about a year ago, the only reason they haven't passed is because they have not been brought to the floor. I would urge, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader consider that.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for his advice.  