Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments, and although, as you saw, we had an overwhelming vote for those three bills. We had already passed those. They are in the Senate. Now we have packaged them and repassed them. Mr. Speaker, I would say, with all due respect to the majority leader that, frankly, the events of Sunday would not be affected by those bills.  We would hope very sincerely--again, let me reiterate, in the ``Young Guns'' under your authorship and Mr. Cantor's authorship and Mr. Ryan's authorship, that you believed in the book, the three leaders of this House--Mr. Cantor is no longer with us--in openness, consideration of issues, notwithstanding the fact that they may be uncomfortable issues.  And, in fact, Speaker Ryan said--and I am sure you are tired of hearing me use this quote: ``But Ryan said he wasn't interested in playing things safe if it came at the expense of an open legislative process . . . we are not going to auto-up the process.'' Structured rules auto-up the process. ``We are not going to auto-up the process and predetermine the outcome of everything around here. I want the House to work its will.''  With all due respect to my friend, I asked a specific question--and I will reiterate that question. It is not about whether we have had 1,000 amendments or 5 amendments or 700 amendments. It is whether or not the Maloney amendment will be made in order on the Financial Services bill. The reason I say that is because we have had, I think, before the horrific incident that occurred on Sunday, a dramatic demonstration that this was, among other things, a hate crime. It was a hate crime based upon prejudice. What the Maloney amendment seeks to do is to put the Congress of the United States on record as being against that discrimination.  That is a very important issue. It is a critical issue about what this country is and the values that we have. It is the very kind of issue that it would seem to me to be self-evident to fall into the category of ``I want to House to work its will.''  This is not some number of amendments or this, that, and the other. This is a serious and immediate, clear and present danger to a lot of our citizens. We think it is important for Congress to go on record as saying that we are against discrimination in that regard.  We would hope that this amendment would be made in order. We can't offer it because it is not an open rule. We weren't allowed to offer it on the Defense bill. I would hope that Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York is allowed to offer that on the Financial Services bill, and the House can consider it. If the House disagrees with Maloney, then the amendment will lose. But it will be consistent with the rhetoric that has been included for years by, frankly, the majority party, Mr. Speaker, that we will consider issues on their merits.  Mr. Speaker, I will be glad to yield to my friend, but I hope I convey to you that we don't believe this is a political issue in that sense. We believe this is a serious issue, and we believe that literally millions of Americans are feeling very, very lonely in some respects, threatened in other respects, and hopeful that the Congress of the United States would go on record as saying we will not tolerate discrimination against fellow Americans just because of a category that they may reside in.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the effort in which he puts forth his argument.  Every amendment before the Rules Committee will be considered, and that will be brought forth next week. I will keep the Members posted on what the Rules Committee comes forth with.  The one thing I do want to remind the gentleman of, the numbers show this may be a structured rule, but there were more amendments offered on the floor under a structured rule than an open rule. This is probably one of the most open, structured rules we have ever had.  The numbers show that the amendments here are almost twice as many were offered in the 111th this time by May, and even more importantly, these bills have gone through committee--subcommittee and full committee--where all amendments are offered without going through the Rules Committee.  So, yes, it is my desire to have the voice of individuals heard, to be able to have amendments on this floor. That is why we created a structure that has this process to be able to work.  