 I always loved so many of you with whom I had the opportunity to serve.  I remember a time many years ago when I got into the Members' elevator on floor seven, which my office is on floor seven in the Longworth. I have got an office here, too, obviously, as you know. But anyway, this young kid gets on, tall, dark, nice-looking kid got on, and I sort of looked at him and wondered who he was. He thought I was looking at him as if he shouldn't be onthe elevator, which I, by the way, think is a pretty kind of arrogant thing to have. This is a Members' elevator.  In any event, I said, ``Hi.'' He said, ``I am Paul Ryan. I am a Member.'' And he has since been calling me ``old man'' for a number of years now, which I highly resent, which I don't think is very bipartisan and not good camaraderie. But in any event, he does it anyway.  All of you have seen the House for a long period of time. I came in 1981. Some of you came before, and I have been here since. I remember Jim and I serving together on the Appropriations Committee, others of you--Jo Bonner. Bev Byron I have known since--there was just censorship there. She said, ``All right. That is enough.''  She is like Nancy. I start telling stories about Nancy, and Nancy says, ``Nope. Nope. That is not when it happened. It happened 20 years later than you are saying it happened.''  But in any event, it is lamentable what has happened to the House. You know, we can have a lot of happy talk, and we can talk about all this. It is lamentable--it is manifest, frankly, in our Presidential campaign--and our country deserves better.  Elijah Cummings, our colleague, whom many of you know, he says, ``We are better than that.'' And we are better than that.  I remember serving with so many of you for such a long period of time where, yes, there was an aisle, but there was much greater diversity of sentiment in terms of working together than exists today--in part, because a lot of Members are new. We have had great turnover.  Remember, we talked about term limits. You have got to have turnover. There has been extraordinary turnover. Has it been helpful? I am not so sure. I am not so sure because Members come, and before they get to know people as individuals, as opposed to just Republicans or R's on this side of the aisle or that side of the aisle, they want to confront.  Now the longer you get to know people--you know, Chris Shays. Sure, he was a Republican, I am a Democrat, but we had an opportunity to sit down and talk. And Jim and Chris are sitting next to one another now. You know, they are friends. We are all friends.  I mentioned Jo's name. But a lot of Republicans that I have been very close to--as many of you know, Roy Blunt is one of my best friends, and he was the minority whip and then the minority leader for a while, and we worked very closely together.  You know what I tell my staff? I say, when they leave--all to make more money than I am making, for the most part, or that you made when you were here. I say, ``I let my staff go off the payroll, but not off the staff.''  You are off the payroll. But I hope none of you--and obviously your presence here in this Chamber reflects that you think you are off. And that is what Paul was talking about. Paul was talking about those of you who have served.  Connie and I--and Connie and I were on different sides of the aisle in our State; but Connie and I have been good friends, with great respect for one another. And I know that Bev and Connie are good friends. They represented sort of the same part of our State, the western part of our State.  We have lost that. And, frankly, I want to tell my Republican former colleagues that your side of the aisle now is having great difficulty working together with one another--forget about the other side of the aisle--and that is why John Boehner wasn't speaking to you today. John Boehner ultimately said, look, if you don't want to work with me, I am out of here. Not to us. John and I worked very closely together. We had a great relationship.  And I think a lot of Paul Ryan, but he has got a lot of Members who think that they are not part of a team but they are part of a different group that is outside, that wants to confront. I don't want to be too negative here, but we would be silly and we would be Pollyannaish if we didn't look at this and say this is a problem for our country and we need to resolve it.  We need to let our citizens know that, yes, each of us has ideas in our own districts, but we come here in a body of 435 people. It wasn't that large when our Founding Fathers constructed it, but they constructed it so that it would be a crucible to which we could bring all the differences and different perspectives and different interests that we have in the country and try to bring them together, sort of grind them up so they would come out as a positive substance together.  Barb is shaking her head. Barbara and I came in special elections, and we came just sort of back-to-back in special elections. Bev was already here. Some of you were already here when I got here. We were able to work together.  I tell people, you know, even in the Gingrich years, when it was perceived to be really--you know, Gingrich came in on fire, and he worked us about 9,000 hours a week. My Republican friends were coming over here and saying, ``He is going to kill us.'' I mean, we were working around the clock, some of you who were here. But the fact is there was a large number of people who were in the body at that point in time who were used to working together.  Of course those of us who served on the Appropriations Committee, on the Appropriations Committee, it was pretty easy to make a deal. You know, if you have got $100 and you are in the majority, you get $60, the minority gets $40. There is not a philosophical issue here. It is easy just to divide it up. On the authorizing committees, it is a little tougher. But, frankly, all the committees now, as you have seen, have become sort of partisan confrontations--not good for the country, not good for the Members.  By the way, the working conditions of Members has been sorely tested. And I will tell you--and I tell my Republican friends, if I were the Speaker or the leader, I would work very hard to get earmarks back, make sure that Members get COLAs so they don't have to be living in their offices, and make sure that we go back to the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program. Not only have Members not gotten COLAs for 7 years, but they are paying $4,000, on average, more for their health insurance, because Grassley thought it would be a fun thing to do to say, okay, you want the Affordable Care Act, all of you guys are going to have to be in, in effect, the D.C. small market.  So, Members, when you see Members, they are getting $4,000 or $5,000 less in take-home pay because the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program is no longer available to them. We are not serving Members well or this institution well.  My view, as a leader, was to try to protect Members from themselves. I am serious. You know, if a leader can't take the heat and say, look, this is what we are going to do for Members who cannot take the heat because they will be demagogued by taking a 1.5 percent COLA--what a lot of baloney that is. We don't have the press here, but I say this publicly.  Members are feeling put upon--I don't mean some of the ideologues who think it is great to beat their chest and wear a sack cloth and black ash all over them. But we need you to speak up on that because you can speak up on that, and you can say, if you don't have respect for your Members, you are not going to have respect for your institution.  I forget which Member said--we were talking about pay at one point in time. He said, ``Well, pay then was probably, you know, maybe $120,000 or something.'' And I said, ``Well, you may not think I am worth it, but the job is worth it. And elect somebody you think is worth the job.''  I think former Members can do a great deal, given your perspective, given your experience, and given the fact that it no longer has political consequences for you, that you can speak up to make the institution stronger by respecting our Members and making it affordable for all but the rich to serve here.  So I thank you for staying in touch, for staying on the staff--not on the payroll, but staying on the staff--and for making sure that the public understands what a great institution this is.  And I tell people the Congress of the United States, right now, in my view, is less than the sum of its parts. And I tell people there are great Members on both sides of the aisle, but together we are not, as a board of directors for the greatest country on the face of the Earth, doing what we need to do for our country and for our people.  Thank you for staying involved. Thank you for raising up the message of what a great institution this is and how critically important it is to have respect for our institutions if our democracy is going to be all that we want it to be.  God bless you. Thank you very much.  