When Mr. Cantor had your position as majority leader, he indicated he was receptive to addressing it. The gentleman is correct; I was not there either, but I believe the Speaker is reported as having said it needs to be addressed.  I understand bottom-up, but if bottom doesn't work, you never get up. I refer to the Export-Import Bank that lay sanguinely for 2 years in the committee because the chairman was opposed to it when the majority of your party was for it when it came to the floor.  So it is one thing to say that we ought to work bottom-up, but if the bottom is a stopper and creates gridlock, frankly, this body does not get to do what its responsibility is, and that is to reflect the will of the people, as we did on the Export-Import Bank.  So I sympathize with the bottom-up, and that is the way it ought to work; but if, in fact, what we have is a blockage to the people's Representatives having the ability to work their will and reflect the United States citizens' views, then democracy is not working.  We saw that in the Export-Import Bank, in my opinion, which I worked on very, very assiduously for over 2 years to get to this floor. Very frankly, when it did get to this floor, as I said repeatedly, it would enjoy the majority's support.  In my view, if a voting rights bill gets to this floor, it will enjoy the majority's support. As you know, Mr. Sensenbrenner was the sponsor. President Bush was President when we passed the Voting Rights Act in 2006. It passed overwhelmingly in the House, overwhelmingly in the Senate, and was signed by President Bush.  I am certainly sympathetic to wanting to make sure that we follow regular order, but if regular order precludes democracy from working, then it is irregular order and not in the best interests of our country.  Lastly, Mr. Leader, recently, all of us are concerned about Zika. We are all focused on Zika. Can the gentleman tell me whether or not there are any planned efforts to address what is clearly a very serious health crisis that confronts not only us, but certainly South America, Latin America, and other parts of the world?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, but I do want to thank the gentleman for still being able to work Ex-Im Bank into the colloquy.  