 He and I, frankly, have a factual disagreement on whether or not the budget that was reported out does, in fact, reflect the agreement. Technically, he may be accurate.  But, of course, the problem with this budget taking so long to present--which I know the majority leader and the Speaker were hopeful it would have been done either in very late February or very early of this month--clearly, the disagreement, as everybody knows, is that so many of your caucus did not want to abide by the agreement that the three leaders of their party voted for back in December. And we understand there are additional actions going on to placate those on your side of the aisle who don't want to follow the agreement; and, in fact, they are looking for cuts beyond to return to sequester. That is why I referred to the sequester in my opening remarks, although the Speaker said we have gotten beyond that argument. Well, obviously, we haven't gotten beyond that argument. And that is, obviously, why your budget has been delayed and why we are not considering it before we leave here for the Easter break and, therefore, will not consider the budget in March.  So I understand that we have a different perspective perhaps--not a disagreement necessarily, but a different perspective on what the budget process is presenting.  If I can go on, Mr. Leader, let me ask you this. Very frankly, we are concerned about adjourning next week. We are very concerned, Mr. Leader, that we have a brief week. Essentially, in the 2 weeks that we have been here--this week and next--we are going to be meeting 3 full days. We come in at 6:30 on one day. We will leave early today. We will leave early on Wednesday of next week.  We have three crises confronting Americans, and we ought to be dealing with those, Mr. Leader. We would urge that we not adjourn next Wednesday. We would urge that we meet Thursday. Friday, of course, is Good Friday; and Sunday is Easter. Those are very serious holidays for an overwhelming number of us, and we ought to observe those.  But in the spirit of that holiday--of Good Friday and of Easter--we ought to at least sacrifice some of our time in the week following that to address these three crises.  Mr. Leader, I just had the opportunity to meet with a young man, who is in the eighth grade, and his brother, who is in the sixth grade. They are from Flint, Michigan. They have to pay for the water that they drink at school because the water at school is unsafe for them to drink.  Now, the administration has dealt with that, partially. Those of us who have been to Flint, Michigan, have seen a lot of people on the ground--from Health and Human Services to the CDC to the Health Department, from a lot of agencies of the Federal Government there to help. We should be acting on giving some direct help to Flint, Michigan, and assisting.  It is, I think, unfathomable why the State of Michigan that caused this problem by shifting the water supply from Lake Huron through Detroit to the city of Flint--controlled by a receiver, appointed by the Governor, not the mayor or council of Flint, Michigan. It is unimaginable to me that we would be charging children for water that they ought to be supplied, as almost every school in America does.  So, we ought to be dealing with Flint.  Secondly, Mr. Leader, we have a crisis for a large number of Americans. Both of these crises are somewhat related but are separate and distinct issues we ought to be dealing with, and you and I have had the opportunity to discuss them. I appreciate your leadership and concern.  You and I convened a joint meeting with the Department of Health and Human Services; with the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; NIAID and NIH's Tony Fauci; Secretary Burwell; and Dr. Frieden were there talking to us about Zika.  Zika is a health crisis for America and for Americans, and we ought to be dealing with that. We ought to be dealing with it by giving to the administration the resources it needs to respond to this to make sure that America's health is safe and to make sure that the Americans who are living in Puerto Rico have the resources to deal with the eradication of the mosquito that transmits this disease and is a threat to health generally, but particularly the health, as the gentleman knows, of pregnant women or women who may become pregnant.  So Flint and Zika.  Lastly, I would mention that we ought to be dealing with the crisis that confronts Americans in Puerto Rico who are going to be unable to pay their bills. On May 1, they will have another large indebtedness due.  We have been considering for many months now the authorization for Puerto Rico to be able to declare bankruptcy so that it can, in a reasonable, ordered fashion, settle that which they owe in a way that they can accomplish.  All three of these issues, Mr. Leader, we believe are critically important for us to address now. They have been pending for months--some for as long as a year, in terms of Puerto Rico's prospective bankruptcy.  I would ask the leader if he would consider coming back after Easter and doing the work that we ought to be doing to meet these three crises. I believe if we did so, the American people would say that we are a responsible body doing the work that needs to be done.  Frankly, Mr. Leader, over the last 3 weeks, we have done things that could have mostly been done under suspension. We are filling time. We need to fill that time with policies addressing the crises that confront us.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  There are three questions in there, and I want to answer each and every one of them.  As the gentleman did note, next week is Holy Week. We have Holy Thursday; we have Good Friday, and, of course, Easter.  Now, the gentleman spoke with great passion, but there is one thing I think you missed in this. I hope you have the same passion for those at the EPA who knew of Flint and stayed silent, who did not warn those of the water that had been poisoned.  The gentleman talks very boldly about wanting things done, but we should talk about what has happened.  As we speak today, we just had a hearing on Flint, Michigan, where you had Gina McCarthy in; you had the Governor of Michigan in.  Secondly, the gentleman knows that, when it comes to Zika, we had a meeting together, where we pulled in all those in government who are dealing with this issue. And they will tell you, there is no short answer for it. They will tell you the mosquito is not as easy as just spraying. And they will tell you, each and every day, they are learning something more.  The White House did not send us a supplemental until just a few weeks ago. We have done nothing but move even faster. There is no agency--from the NIH or the CDC--lacking in money to be acting today, and they will answer that question for you. They have money to go forward and do the work that they need to do and that we believe needs to happen. We can argue later about where that money comes from. But in no way have we stopped or slowed down. We have actually been in front of this.  If I recall correctly, it was me who approached you on the floor and requested that we work together on this. It was me who called you and said: Let's make this bipartisan. So we brought all the committee members in with the Secretary and Directors. So in no way do I want the American public to think for one moment that we are not doing the work.  Now, there is not one easy answer for it. You can look around the world to Australia; they have been battling this for quite some time. There are challenges, but we want to make sure we get it done. I want to work with you to make that happen, but I don't want to play political games with it.  You know as well as I do, if you think we are here just on Good Friday and there is going to be a fundamental change, there won't be. But we are making change on the work we are doing.  When it comes to Puerto Rico, we have been working on Puerto Rico. We have been working on Puerto Rico so much, the committee chairman just went there the last time we had a district work period to investigate. So did Congressman Sensenbrenner and Chairman Bishop.  Yesterday the Speaker, myself, the committee chair from the Judiciary Committee, Congressmen Goodlatte, Sensenbrenner, and Bishop, all met. After that meeting, Congressman Sensenbrenner directly went to speak to Leader Pelosi on what we are doing because we are doing this in a bipartisan manner. I think you are going to see hearings being scheduled very shortly. We want to get this right.  I understand your frustration because my frustration is across the Chamber over here with the Senate, because we have acted many times on the direction of where we are going.  The last part I would bring up is that we are going to have disagreements on the budget. And maybe your argument is thinking the budgets are different. They are different. We have brought a budget to the floor every year we have been in the majority here, and they have balanced. Every time the President has sent a budget here and we have put this on the floor, there have only been two votes on the other side of the aisle for the President's budget.  So, yes, we are going to have disagreements on the budget because we are going to fight over here to balance the budget and give us a brighter future. And, yes, maybe philosophically, you think we need to spend more money. But that is a disagreement that I think the American public expect you and I to have a disagreement on and fight for what we philosophically believe in.  I just firmly disagree with your last question on all three--not from a basis of politics, but a basis between you and I knowing what we are doing. You and I both know personally what we have been working on. We haven't hidden the fact. We haven't made it partisan. We have been very open with it. We are going to solve the problem.  I am not going to play political games with you and say, if you come on a Saturday, we are going to solve it. I am going to put us in a room on the exact day that we should be. I am going to have the experts in the room as well. We can disagree with where we want to go. But at the end of the day, we are going to solve the problem.  And I welcome working with you as we solve them.  