Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader, for the purpose of inquiring about the schedule for the week to come and perhaps thereafter.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow.  Mr. Speaker, the House will also consider H.R. 3293, the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act, sponsored by Representative Lamar Smith. This bill will go a long ways toward providing greater transparency and accountability at the National Science Foundation. It is essential that we ensure precious Federal dollars are spent on Federal grants that promote science but do so in a way that is in the best interest of the United States.  Additionally, the House will consider H.R. 3442, the Debt Management and Fiscal Responsibility Act, sponsored by Representative Kenny Marchant. This commonsense bill simply requires the administration to report to Congress on the status of the Nation's debt and their plans to address our fiscal problems prior to the Nation reaching its debt limit. With more than $18 trillion in public debt, we have a responsibility, both Democrats and Republicans, to show the American people a path toward solvency.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act, sponsored by Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers. This important bill addresses a harmful menu labeling regulation that will burden every grocery store, convenience store, and pizza restaurant in the country. Instead, our approach will provide a reasonable and flexible way for these businesses to provide customers with nutritional information.  I thank the gentleman.  