 Of course, presumably, if it is transparent, if it is open, then presumably, the Democratic members of the committee of jurisdiction on whatever issue there may be, we think we can work together with you on supporting job creation, reaching a long-term fiscal agreement on permanently replacing the sequester, which your chairman believes is not a reasonable alternative.  We believe we can reach agreement with you hopefully on comprehensive tax reform, although my personal opinion was that the passage of the tax bill a few weeks ago, which I voted against, undermines that possibility.  We also believe we can work together with you on something that this week has been made dramatically clear, that is needed very, very badly, and that is comprehensive immigration reform.  As I said on Ex-Im Bank, I thought there was a majority of votes in both parties for the Ex-Im Bank. Unfortunately, it took a discharge petition to get it to the floor. When it got to the floor, I was correct. It had a majority of the Republicans and all but one Democrat for it.  I think comprehensive immigration reform would pass. In a system that is transparent and open to the American people, what one would do would have a vote here on this floor so the American people can see where each Member is on that issue.  We also believe we can work with you, Mr. Whip, and with the majority leader, the Speaker, and your Members, on restoring voting rights.  Mr. Cantor, when he was here, and Mr. McCarthy, the majority leader, he and I were honorary cochairs--John Lewis is, of course, the chair--when we went to the Edmund Pettus Bridge in recognition of that march, which ultimately led to the adoption of the Voting Rights Act. We think we can work together with you on that.  I know there are strong feelings on the efforts that the President has taken to make sure that those who purchase guns in America are not dangerous to their neighbors or to others. We think we can work together with you on that.  Does the gentleman expect a vote on that issue on this floor in the near future?  I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana.  