Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that schedule. I won't discuss any of the bills that the gentleman mentioned on the schedule, but I do want to note a couple of absences. One is, of course, the continuing resolution.  As the gentleman knows, after next week where the CR is not included, we have 9 legislative days left before the scheduled adjournment. As the gentleman knows, we have not passed a single appropriations bill. And without finding fault with either side--because I know each side thinks the other side is at fault--the fact remains we have not passed a single appropriations bill.  So there is no alternative to a continuing resolution, and we must pass a continuing resolution if the government is going to operate on October 1 in the new fiscal year. The limited number of days in session--9 days after next week.  There are reports that the House Republicans are already divided on how long the CR ought to be, whether or not we ought to go into the 115th Congress or not. Representative Tom Cole was quoted as saying, ``Since we're all drawing our checks, we ought to actually do our job and get it done''--meaning the appropriations process and the funding of the government--``and recognize that the next administration and the next Congress are going to have plenty to do and to deal with on their own and not throw additional work at them because we are either too lazy or incompetent to do our work.''  That is Representative Tom Cole, one of the senior Members of this body, a former chairman of the campaign committee, and a respected Member of this body.  Mr. Leader, I believe we ought to pass a CR as soon as possible, consider it as soon as possible. My own belief is that it ought to be short-term. I believe many people share that view. Apparently, Senator McConnell shares that view as well.  It is my understanding the Senate is going to consider such a CR and send it to us. Obviously, it is our responsibility on fiscal matters under the Constitution to move pieces of legislation. They may well amend theirs into a House bill, as I am sure you know that both sides do from time to time.  Can you tell me, A, how long do you expect the CR--first of all, when do you believe we will consider a continuing resolution to fund government past September 30? Secondly, how long do you think that CR will extend? Thirdly, as we did last year, is it your expectation that we will do an omnibus in December in the lameduck?  I yield to the gentleman from California.  Mr. McCARTHY. Well, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I do want to just clarify one of your statements. Surely the gentleman did not mean from the point that no appropriations bills have passed this floor because six have passed. They just have not been sent to the President.  