Curbelo, the chairman of the subcommittee, and the ranking member for moving this resolution forward. I think this is the 25th year that I have sponsored this resolution, and I have had great support throughout. I thank them both.  Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of this resolution, which I sponsor each year on behalf of the Washington metropolitan delegation, to permit the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its annual race on the grounds of the Capitol Building.  This is a very special year for the soap box derby as it celebrates its 75th anniversary. For three-quarters of a century now, young people from across the Greater Washington, D.C., area have assembled at the Capitol for a fun, educational, and exciting event.  First run in 1938, when Norman Rocca sped past 223 of his fellow young racers on New Hampshire Avenue to capture the first soap box derby victory, the race brings together those between ages 8 and 17 to compete in three divisions. Those divisions are Stock, Super Stock, and Masters. The winner of each division will qualify to race against the regional champions from across the country later this year at the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio. This year's race here in Washington will take place on June 18.  There is a reason, of course, the soap box derby has been called the ``greatest amateur racing event in the world.'' It is not only because it is a thrill to watch on race day, but because of everything that happens before race day as well. For weeks in advance, the young drivers and their parents--and, yes, sometimes grandparents--gather in garages and basements to build, test, and improve their soap box racers together. It is a process that brings the generations together and teaches valuable lessons about hard work, science and engineering, sportsmanship, leadership, and pride of achievement. Many of the skills learned in building these soap box racers are the same ones that help students succeed in science, technology, engineering, and math--or the STEM subjects as we refer to them--which will prepare them for success in college and careers.  In addition to bringing families together, the soap box derby brings entire communities together with civic groups, police and fire departments, and service organizations that sponsor participants in whom they see the future leaders of their communities and of our country.  Mr. Speaker, I said before that this is the 75th anniversary of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. It also marks, as I said, the 25th year that I have had the honor of sponsoring this resolution. I have done so because I am incredibly proud of this tradition and of all of the young people from Maryland's Fifth District who have participated year after year. In fact, I say with some degree of pride that the Fifth District has been home to many soap box derby champions, including the winners of 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014, which is to say, recently, we have done pretty well, Mr. Speaker. Our racers even brought home national championship victories in 2007 and in 2008.  I thank all of those who worked to make the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby possible. I also thank the cosponsors of this resolution: Representatives Chris Van Hollen, Gerry Connolly, Don Beyer, John Delaney, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Donna Edwards, and Barbara Comstock.  I hope the House will offer its strong support once again for this great American pastime and for all of those young people and their families who participate.  I thank the two gentlemen for their leadership.  