 Of course, it goes without saying that it is not scheduled next week, and we still don't have the knowledge that I think is necessary for us to have before you bring the appropriations bills to the floor. In having said that, I understand the gentleman's answer.  There are three items that I have brought up before, Mr. Leader, that we think are critical items to be brought sooner rather than later that we need to deal with.  First, I want to reiterate what I said last week. I appreciate the majority leader's and I appreciate the Speaker's action and the chairman of the committee, Mr. Bishop, in working with Treasury and with our side of the aisle to try to get a bill that we can agree on--that can enjoy bipartisan support--that will address the crisis that confronts the American citizens who live in Puerto Rico.  I also want to thank the gentleman--we had a meeting in his office--in that he and I shared the view that we ought to have a bill that is simple and straightforward so that we can forge a bipartisan agreement and get this bill done.  The Speaker has set May 1 as the deadline. It would appear that we are not going to meet that deadline. And we did not meet the March 31 deadline. But I know we had a meeting yesterday with our staffs. It was a positive meeting, and I hope it will lead to a productive meeting as well.  I would like to yield to my friend to see if the gentleman has any comments about where we stand on our moving forward on a bill to address the fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico.  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Yes, the gentleman is correct in that we have been working together, especially with the Natural Resources Committee, on the proposal.  I appreciate the gentleman's commitment as well in making sure that we produce a bill that has solid financial footing and no financial bailout, which the work we are doing right now does not.  As the gentleman knows, the discussions are ongoing, and part of the challenge of finishing it is the Treasury Department. The Treasury Department still had some concerns.  I know there were some meetings this week, and I know there were Members on your side of the aisle who did not feel comfortable in moving forward until the Treasury Department had finished some of those negotiations.  But we look forward to getting the bill finished and moving it forward on a bipartisan basis, a bill that has no bailout, but that meets the needs with what is going on in Puerto Rico.  