 As the gentleman probably recalls, back in January Majority Whip Scalise was quoted as saying: ``We will forge ahead with spending bills and other initiatives in the coming year.'' He implied that the House would start early on its appropriation bills.  Now, I can remember, as a long-time member of the Committee on Appropriations, that early for us was earlyMay for actual appropriation bills to be on the floor. In December, Speaker Ryan stated: ``By having this budget agreement that my predecessor put in place, we no longer have a dispute over the sequester.''  Now, it is my understanding, Mr. Leader, that the budget that is being proposed is inconsistent with and does not carry out the agreement that was made between the Speaker and our leader and on which the House voted, a significant majority of the House voted to pass a budget deal. It is my understanding this budget does not carry it out.  After saying: Let's set aside the dispute over the sequester, the Speaker went on to say: ``By getting the slate cleaned now''--Mr. Leader, this was December 22 that the Speaker said this. ``By getting the slate cleaned now''--which meant this argument over sequester, which of course your chairman of the Committee on Appropriations has said is unreasonable and unworkable, in effect, and ``ill-advised'' was the word that he specifically used.  The Speaker said: ``By getting the slate cleaned''--by making that deal--``by getting this behind us, we can start our appropriations process early next year''--now, we are beyond early next year, of course--``and do it the right way, individual bills, all 12 bills, open up the process . . . do it the way the Founders intended in the first place.''  My question to you is, Mr. Leader, do you expect that we will start considering appropriation bills on or before the end of April? Does the majority leader contemplate the consideration of all 12 appropriation bills, as the Speaker indicated he wanted to do, with full consideration open to amendment prior to the July adjournment, for essentially 6 weeks, coming back in September?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank my friend for yielding.  You always make me smile when you come with your quotes. At times they seem selective.  