 President, I fear one of the major issues that not only faces our country but faces our planet is not getting the kind of serious debate and discussion it needs in the Senate; that is, the planetary crisis of global warming, what its impact is having now in our country and in other countries throughout the world and how, in fact, we can address this enormous crisis.  I understand politically some of my colleagues do not believe global warming is real and they do not think there is much our country should or can do to address this crisis. I understand that. But with all due respect, I strongly disagree with that position and believe, in terms of the future of our planet, the lives of our kids and our grandchildren, that is a very wrongheaded position and could lead to enormous problems for our country and for the rest of the world.  But the truth is, the real debate about global warming is not whether other Members of the Senate disagree with me or Senator Udall, the issue is what the scientific community, the people who have studied this issue for years, in fact, believes. As I think the Presiding Officer understands, the overwhelming consensus in our country and around the world from the scientific community is, A, global warming is real, and, B, to a very significant degree global warming is manmade.  That is not just my position, not just what I say or what other Members of the Senate say. Far more important, it is what leading scientists all over the world are saying.  The National Academy of Sciences in this country, joined by academies of science in the United Kingdom, Italy, Mexico, Canada, France, Japan, Russia, Germany, China, India, Brazil, and South Africa, has said--this is their statement, the National Academy of Sciences-- ``. . . climate change is happening even faster than previously estimated'' and the ``need for urgent action to address climate change is now indisputable.''  It is fine for radio talk show hosts to have their view. Frankly, I think it is more significant that the scientific community from all over the world is in agreement. Let me repeat what they say: `` . . . climate change is happening even faster than previously estimated'' and the ``need for urgent action to address climate change is now indisputable.''  Mr. President, 18 scientific societies, including the American Geophysical Union and the American Association for the Advancement of Science, said:       Observations throughout the world make it clear that      climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research      demonstrates that the greenhouse gases emitted by human      activities are the primary driver.  That is not I; that is 18 scientific societies, including the American Geophysical Union and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.  They continue:       These conclusions are based on multiple independent lines      of evidence, and contrary assertions are inconsistent with an      objective assessment of the vast body of peer-reviewed      science.  But it is not only the scientific community. It is agencies of the U.S. Government that have to deal or worry about the impact of global warming.  The Department of Defense says:       Climate change is an accelerant of instability.  What they worry about is, as the planet warms, as floods occur, as drought occurs, we are going to see migrations of people, we are going to see countries fighting over limited natural resources, whether it is farmland or whether it is water. From the Department of Defense perspective, they say, and I repeat:       Climate change is an accelerant of instability.  That is the U.S. Department of Defense--not Bernie Sanders.  The CIA--our intelligence agency--says: `` . . . climate change could have significant geopolitical impacts around the world, contributing to poverty, environmental degradation, and the further weakening of fragile governments,'' as well as ``food and water scarcity.''  That is not a Senator on the floor. That is the Central Intelligence Agency, the business of which is to gather and assess threats to our country.  Interestingly enough, there are segments of the business community that are also speaking out on climate change and global warming for their own reasons.  The insurance industry, in a report from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, found there is ``broad consensus among insurers that climate change will have an effect on extreme weather events.''  What we are seeing is that scientists all over the world, academic institutions all over the world, governmental agencies right here in the United States of America--including the Department of Defense and the CIA--and the insurance industry saying global warming is real, it is a real threat to our planet, and it is imperative we address it.  I have more to say on this issue, and some of us will be on the floor for an hour, but I want to give the floor over to Senator Tom Udall from New Mexico, who has certainly been a leading advocate in the fight for policies that will reverse global warming and move us in another direction.  