 President, later this afternoon--actually, in a fairly short while--we are going to be voting on whether to proceed with the Postal Service reform bill, and I hope we vote yes. I hope we have a strong bipartisan vote to go forward. I will tell you why.  About 9 or 10 months ago, the Postmaster General came up with a proposal for the Postal Service. In my view, that proposal from the Postmaster General is an unmitigated disaster for our country and especially for rural America.  This is what his original proposal outlined: What he proposed was the shutting down of more than 3,600 mostly rural post offices. If one lives in a rural State such as mine, one knows how important rural post offices are, and their function is beyond being just a post office. In many small communities throughout this country, post offices are the center of the town. It is where people come together. It is what develops a sense of community. In some cases, it is what that small rural town is all about. If we shut down that rural post office, in some instances we are literally shutting down that town.  We should also understand, in the midst of the serious financial problems facing the Postal Service, shutting down 3,600 mostly rural post offices would save the Postal Service one-quarter of 1 percent of their budget. So the original plan--which has since been modified--was to shut down 3,600 rural post offices, and I would suggest whether one is a conservative Republican or a progressive Independent, that is not good for their State, not good for America.  In addition, the Postmaster General's original proposal talked about shutting down some 220 mail processing facilities all over this country. That is approximately one-half of the mail processing plants. If he did that, that would end overnight delivery standards for first-class mail.  At a time when the Postal Service is facing extreme competition from e-mail and the Internet, in my view, the last thing we would want to do is to slow down mail service. I think I speak for many Members of the Senate who say, if we move in that direction, making mail delivery slower, we are beginning the death spiral for the Postal Service. Many businesses, many consumers will be saying: Sorry, I am going to look elsewhere to get my packages, get my mail delivered.  Furthermore, the original proposal from the Postmaster General was to shut down Saturday mail delivery and, in the process, reduce the workforce of the Postal Service--in the midst of the worst recession since the Great Depression--by over 200,000 jobs.  Senators Lieberman and Carper, Senators Collins and Scott Brown, the ranking members of the committees, came together and put together a bill which was significantly better than what the Postmaster General had proposed, no question about it.  Some of us felt the Lieberman-Carper-Collins-Brown bill did not go far enough, and we have been working with the chairmen of the committees to try to improve that bill, and I think we have made some success. I think if we look at the managers' amendment, we will see stronger guarantees to make sure we are not shutting down rural post offices all over America; that if we shut down processing plants, it will be a significantly smaller number than was originally proposed, and that also we would maintain strong mail delivery standards--if not as strong as I would like, at least stronger than what the Postmaster General originally proposed.  Here is my fear: The Postmaster General is raring to go. If he perceives and the board of postal commissioners perceive the Congress cannot act, they are going to go forward and bring forth a proposal which will not be as strong in protecting post offices and workers and the American people as we can do. So what we managed to do back in December was get a 5-month moratorium to prevent the shutting down of rural post offices and processing plants. That expires on May 15.  I think it is terribly important we begin the process, we vote to proceed within the next hour, we bring that bill to the floor, there is an open process by which people, including myself, will bring forth amendments to make the bill even stronger than it is right now.  I would point out to my colleagues, in terms of the financial problems facing the Postal Service, clearly, they have to deal with the serious problem, the very real problem that first-class mail has gone down very significantly, being replaced by e-mail. There is no question that is a real, legitimate problem.  But what is not a legitimate problem is that the Postal Service uniquely in America--not in local governments, State governments, Federal agencies or the private sector--the Postal Service alone is being asked to put $5.5 billion every single year into their future retiree health benefits program. According to the inspector general of the U.S. Postal Service, given the fact there is some $44 billion in that fund already, with interest rates accruing, we do not need to put more money into that fund. There is widespread agreement the Postal Service has overpaid into the Federal Employees Retirement System some $10 billion or $11 billion; into the Civil Service Retirement System, at least a couple billion dollars and perhaps a lot more.  The bottom line is this: If we are serious about protecting rural America, if we are serious about protecting 3,600 rural post offices, if we believe the post office must continue being an important part of what America is about--so important to our economy and to small businesses--and we do not want to delay mail service, slow down mail service, we do not want to shut down half of the mail processing plants in this country, I think it is important we begin that debate and vote for cloture.  With that, I yield the floor.  