  Rural Postal Clerk, I would like a fishing license or a hunting license. Can you help me with that?  I cannot do that. It is against the law.  I want to mail this box of wine and beer.  I cannot do that. It is against the law.  So what we want to do is take away many of the restrictions that have been imposed on the Postal Service by Congress and give them the flexibility to be more entrepreneurial to bring in more revenue. In addition to that, this managers' amendment creates a blue ribbon entrepreneurial commission. What that is about is that today we have, as the majority leader indicated, some 32,000 post offices in America. Today letter carriers are delivering mail to about 150 million doors in America. That is a huge infrastructure.  If we have some pretty smart entrepreneurial types telling us what we can do in addition to what we are doing now--what the letter carriers can do, what the post offices could do, what the Postal Service can do in terms of new products and services--can we bring in more revenue? I think we can. That is what the commission is going to be looking at.  Let me say a few words about the financial condition of the Postal Service. No one debates first-class mail is down. A lot of people now use e-mail and the Internet rather than first-class mail. There is no debate about that. But what many people, including many Members of Congress, do not fully understand is the major crisis. The major financial crisis facing the Postal Service is the fact that they have an onerous burden of having to provide $5.5 billion every single year in future retiree health benefits--$5.5 billion every year--which was imposed upon them in 2006.  According to the inspector general of the Postal Service, the $44 billion in that account right now is all that it needs because when that $44 billion accrues interest over a 20-year or so period, it will have enough money to pay out all of the future retiree health benefits that it has to do. Furthermore, there is, in general, no disagreement that the Postal Service has overpaid into the Federal Employees Retirement System by about $11 billion and to the Civil Service Retirement Service about $2 billion. In other words, the Postal Service is owed about $13 billion.  So to conclude, let me say this: The Postal Service performs an enormously important function for millions of individuals and for our economy as a whole. As the majority leader indicated, there are some 8 million jobs in a variety of industries dependent upon a strong Postal Service.  I believe if the Senate is prepared to be bold, to do the right thing, we can save jobs. We do not need to lay off or to downsize the Postal Service by over 200,000 workers. We do not need to shut down over 3,000 rural post offices. We do not need to shut down half of the processing plants in America and slow down mail delivery service leading to an eventual death cycle for the Postal Service.  So the task before us is a huge one. To tell you the truth--and I speak as an Independent, the longest serving Independent in congressional history--this is not a Democratic issue; this is not a Republican issue. Republicans and Democrats have rural post offices. All know how important they are. All want to save jobs in the middle of a recession. All want the Postal Service to be strong.  So I would hope we can work together. We had a good vote a few hours ago--74 votes. I would hope we could work together to save the Postal Service, make it strong, and make sure it is there for our kids and our grandchildren.  At this point, if the Senator from Tennessee would like some time, I am happy to yield to him 3 minutes.  