 President, I thank the Senator from Minnesota.  The point that he makes is indisputable; that is, if we are serious about creating decent-paying, meaningful jobs in this country, why in God's name are we not extending 1603 for solar and wind and the renewable energy tax credit? This will enable us to create good-paying jobs, make sure sustainable energy is an important part of our economy, and allow this country to play a leadership role in reversing greenhouse gas emissions and combating global warming.  I think there are some people who say: Well, maybe global warming might be real, but we don't have to worry about it today. Its impact will not be seen for decades or centuries to come. I would suggest that is not quite correct. We are seeing the impact of global warming climate change right now. Let me give an example.  According to studies, in my own State of Vermont in northern New England, if we fail to reverse global warming we will see continued temperature increases. Vermont's climate, by 2080, is projected to be similar to Georgia's climate today. Mr. President, 2080, in the great scheme of things, is not all that far away. To think that Vermont, northern New England, will have a climate similar to Georgia's today is rather extraordinary if that takes place by the year 2080. Clearly, if that trend takes place, it would be devastating in many respects for Vermont, including our winter tourism and our sugar maple producers, among other aspects of our economy.  Lake Champlain, our beautiful lake which borders New York State and Vermont, which used to freeze for 9 out of every 10 years in the early 20th century, froze over just three times in the 1990s and has not fully frozen over since 2007. So in my small State, the State of Vermont, northern New England, we are seeing the impact of climate change today. The idea that by the year 2080 Vermont's climate will be similar to the State of Georgia's climate today is just unthinkable and extraordinary and tells us the impact that global warming is having.  According to NASA, 2010 tied 2005 for the warmest year since records began in 1880. Nine of the ten warmest years on record have occurred since the year 2000. The last decade was the warmest on record.  We have seen temperature records being recorded all over the planet in the year 2010. During that year, Pakistan set a record for recording the highest temperature ever in Asia, hitting 129 degrees Fahrenheit. Iraq set its own record for high temperatures at over 125 degrees. Sudan reached a record 121 degrees. Los Angeles, right here in our country, had a record 113-degree day. Houston, TX, set a record for its highest monthly average temperature.  In the United States, according to a New York Times article, two record-high temperatures are now set for every one record low. The National Climatic Data Center shows that 26,500 record-high temperatures were recorded in weather stations across the United States in the summer of 2011. Texas set the record for the warmest summer of any State since instrument records began. Oklahoma set a record for its warmest summer, exceeding the record set during the Dust Bowl era in the 1930s.  But we are not just looking at hot temperatures and hot days. What are the impacts of those kinds of weather changes? What does it mean to people's lives? Scientists used to say they could not tie a particular event to climate change. That is no longer true. Our understanding of climate and extreme weather has advanced.  NASA's James Hansen and his colleagues can say that some of the extreme heat waves we have seen, such as those in Russia and Texas and Oklahoma, over the past several years were caused by global warming because their likelihood would be negligible if not for global warming.  Let me give some other examples of what global warming is doing in terms of heat waves and its horrendous impact on the lives of people.  Some of us remember Europe in 2003. During that period in Europe, 2003, a heat wave caused temperatures to reach or exceed 100 degrees Fahrenheit in the United Kingdom and France and led to high temperatures throughout Europe for weeks which killed 70,000 people, according to the World Health Organization. Many older people, people with respiratory problems, peoplewho were fragile in health died during that period. In the heat wave in Europe in 2003, 70,000 people died.  In Russia in 2010, a week-long heat wave sent temperatures soaring above 100 degrees Fahrenheit in areas where the average temperature that time of year is 67 degrees. Mr. President, 56,000 people died during that period as a result of that heat wave, and wildfires created a smoke plume nearly 2,000 miles wide, which was visible from space.  So this is not some kind of abstract issue: Oh, my goodness; isn't it too bad it is really hot today. What we are talking about are prolonged heat waves that kill substantial numbers of people.  In India in 2010, they recorded temperatures of over 100 degrees that killed hundreds of people; Chile in 2011, a heat wave, drought, and wildfire destroyed 57,000 acres of forest and land and forced 500 people to evacuate; Australia in 2012, the start of 2012 was the hottest start of any year for Australia in the century, according to ABC News, with temperatures exceeding 104 degrees and electricity cut off in some areas to prevent the igniting of fires.  Prolonged and more severe drought is likely to increase as global warming continues, according to the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Colorado. This means increased risk of crop failure, wildfires, and water scarcity. A recent study published in Scientific American found that climate change has cut production of cereal crops--wheat, rice, corn, soybeans--causing these crops to be nearly 19 percent more expensive than if global warming was not occurring.  I could go on and on about this issue. But the main point I want to make is the following, and let me summarize it here. According to virtually the entire scientific community in the United States of America and around the world, according to virtually every agency of the United States Government, global warming is real, and it is significantly caused by human activity. People are mistaken if they believe the impact of global warming will just be in decades to come. We are seeing very negative impacts today. The scientific community tells us if we do not begin to reverse greenhouse gas emissions, those problems in America and around the world will only get worse.  If there is a silver lining in all of that, it is that right now we know how to cut greenhouse gas emissions. We know how to move to energy efficiency, mass transportation, and automobiles that get 50, 60, 100 miles per gallon. We know how to weatherize our homes so we can cut significantly the use of fuel. What we also know is that in the middle of this recession, if we move in that direction--energy efficiency and sustainable energy--we can create over a period of years millions of good-paying jobs.  Let me conclude by saying: we now have the opportunity to be in a win-win-win situation. We can save consumers money, we can significantly reduce greenhouse gases and protect our planet, and we can create substantial numbers of jobs that we desperately need in the midst of this terrible recession.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  