 I hope people appreciate what the Inspector General of the U.S. Postal Service is saying. This is a guy who knows something about the Postal Service. This is a letter to me.       Dear Senator Sanders:       For several days last week I met with you and your staff to      discuss solutions to the current financial crisis within the      Postal Service. At the conclusion of those discussions you      requested our office focus on one of the solutions that we      presented, which examined an option to address the current      benefit fund financing. This proposal would eliminate the      requirement for the Postal Service to make annual $5.5      billion payments into its retiree health benefit fund, and      allow the $44 billion currently in the fund--  Let me talk about that. There is right now, as a result of these funding payments, $44 billion currently in the fund--``to grow with interest.''  What he is saying here, what happens if you have $44 billion and it accrues, as it does, interest between 3 and 4 percent a year. Then he continues. If you did that:       No payments would be made from the fund until it is deemed      to be fully funded, and the Postal Service would continue to      directly pay for the health care premiums for retirees. An      additional element of the proposal would allow current      overpayments of $13.1 billion in the Postal Service pension      funds to be funded to the Postal Service.  This is also a point that has not been discussed at all. In fact, we do address it in the current legislation. That is, not only is the Postal Service being asked to come up with an onerous $5.5 billion a year to prefund future retiree health benefits, it is generally acknowledged--I think by everybody who has studied the issue--that the Postal Service has made overpayments of $13.1 billion into the Federal Employees Retirement System and the Civil Service Retirement System, adding those two together. This is what he said, the Inspector General of the U.S. Postal Service:       Our analysis of this proposal shows that if it were      adopted,the amounts in retiree healthcare fund would grow      from $44 billion to the $90 billion estimated current      liability in 21 years. This $90 billion protected liability      is not a static or precise figure--  It varies a little bit is what he is saying--but essentially he says that if you don't add another nickel into the $44 billion, it will grow to $90 billion in 21 years and essentially take care of the payments it has to take care of.  The point I want to make clear is that in terms of future retiree health benefits, we already have $44 billion in the account. In my view and in the view of people who know more aboutthis issue than I do, it is not necessary to put more money into that account. That is an issue that this legislation attempts to address.  Let me conclude by saying the issue we are dealing with is of enormous consequence to our country. It is imperative, in my view, that we not shut down 3,700 rural post offices. I commend the Postmaster General. We have been working with him and he has moved away from that position. In my view, we have to do everything we can to make sure that we maintain very high standards for mail delivery in this country. So when a business puts a package in the mail, they know it will be delivered in a reasonable time. That is one of the strengths of the Postal Service. In my view, we do not want to shut down, as in the Postmaster General's original proposal, half the processing plants in this country which would slow down mail delivery service. In my view, we do not want to end Saturday mail. I think it is an important part of maintaining mail delivery standards.  But the main point I want to make today is, yes, the Postal Service faces financial problems. But not to understand the significant role--the causation of those problems that are a result of the $5.5 billion in prehealth funding for retirees--is to miss a very significant part of this debate. I think it is fair to say in this bill we are beginning to address that issue and also address the issue of the overpayment from the Postal Service to the Federal Employees Retirement System.  Let me conclude by thanking Senators Lieberman, Collins, Carper, and Brown for the work they have done. I hope we can have an intelligent and constructive and kind of nonpartisan discussion as we go forward, with good amendments that are relevant, from both sides of the aisle.  The bottom line is that saving the Postal Service is enormously important for our economy and certainly for the tens of thousands of workers who are out there every day doing a great job for us.  I yield the floor.  