 President, the Senator from Oklahoma, Jim Inhofe, is a friend of mine. While we have strong philosophical and political differences, we have had a very positive personal relationship since I entered the Senate 5\1/2\ years ago. I like Senator Inhofe, and on occasion, despite our political differences, we have been able to work together as members of the Environment and Public Works Committee, on which we both sit. I especially applaud the Senator for his strong efforts on the recently passed Transportation bill in which he led the effort in getting his fellow Republicans to move forward on the vitally important issue of rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure--in this case, roads and bridges.  Unfortunately, Senator Inhofe has some very radical views regarding global warming. I believe he is dead wrong and dangerously wrong on this issue. Not only is he wrong, but because he is the leading Republican on the Environment Committee, his views hold great influence over other Republicans in the Senate, in the House, and across the country. Because many Republicans follow Senator Inhofe's lead, it means we are making very little progress in Congress in combating what most of the scientific community sees is a global environmental crisis.  I am on the floor today to ask Senator Inhofe to rethink his views on this enormously important issue and to ask my Republican colleagues to do the same. I am asking them to join the overwhelming majority of scientists who have studied and written about this issue in understanding that, one, global warming is real; two, global warming is significantly caused by human activity; three, global warming is already causing massive and costly destruction to the United States and around the world, and it will only get worse in years to come.  I am also asking Senator Inhofe and my Republican colleagues to understand that the United States, with all of our knowledge, all of our expertise, and all of our technology, can and must lead the rest of the world, which must follow our effort in cutting back on carbon emissions and reverse global warming, and to understand that when we do this--when we transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and enter into energy efficiency and sustainable energy--when we do that over a period of years, we can create millions of good-paying jobs.  What I want to do this afternoon is nothing more than to simply quote some of the statements and assertions Senator Inhofe has made and to express to you why he is dead wrong and dangerously wrong on this vitally important issue.  Mr. President, on July 11--just 2\1/2\ weeks ago--Senator Inhofe spoke on this floor reiterating his longstanding views on global warming. What he said during that speech is pretty much what he has been saying for years. I read that speech, and I want to use this opportunity to comment on it. Specifically, I want to discuss a number of observations in which Senator Inhofe is completely wrong.  First and foremost, Senator Inhofe tells us in his speech that global warming science is wrong. First and foremost, Senator Inhofe tells us in his speech that global warming science is wrong. Mr. Inhofe states, on page S4860 of the Congressional Record from July 11--and I will do my best to quote him as accurately as I possibly can--the following about global warming:       In 2003 . . . I started hearing from a lot of the real      scientists that it was a hoax.  And Senator Inhofe continued, again from July 11, 2012:       It is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American      people.  Let me repeat again what Senator Inhofe said just a few weeks ago on the floor of the U.S. Senate.       [Global warming] . . . is the greatest hoax ever      perpetrated on the American people.  In fact, the title of Senator Inhofe's new book--which he was kind enough to give me a copy of--is ``