 President, in 1977, Jimmy Carter became our Nation's President, Elvis Presley died, and ``Rocky'' won the Oscar as best picture.  It was also the year my colleague, Barbara Mikulski, came to Congress. She has served since then, for 10 years in the House and since 1987 in the Senate, with exemplary dedication to our Nation and its working families. Those of us who have had the pleasure to serve with her in the Senate and all the citizens of Maryland who have elected her to represent them celebrate this moment, for Senator Mikulski has become the longest serving female Member of Congress in our Nation's history.  Barbara Mikulski is the first female Democrat to have served in both the House and the Senate, as well as being the first Democratic woman to be elected to the Senate without succeeding a spouse or father. She is, among all of us, truly a path breaker.  When she entered the Senate, there was only one other female Member of this body. Today, there are 17. Barbara Mikulski has served as an inspiration, a leader, and a mentor to generations of women seeking to secure their rightful place as members of our Nation's highest legislative bodies.  Throughout her time in both the House and the Senate, she has worked tirelessly on behalf of the elderly, veterans, the poor, hard-pressed families, and our Nation's children. Daughter of a grocer, her roots are in Baltimore. She may have come a long way to play her important role here in Washington, but what makes her such a vital voice in Congress is that she has never lost touch with the values and needs of the blue-collar neighborhood of Highlandtown where she grew up.  Barbara Mikulski entered politics as an activist and a populist, and she has remained true to that initial motivation. Barbara Mikulski genuinely cares about the people of our Nation about all the people, not just the wealthy or the famous or the influential.  She understands the difficulties faced by working families as their incomes have been stagnant, as unions have declined, as disparities in wealth and income have widened dramatically. She is passionately committed to the importance of education for our young people, just as she respects and fights for our nation's elderly and their security as they negotiate the later years of life.  We serve together on the HELP Committee, on which she has long been a leader. No one, no one, better exemplifies the values of caring for those who are all too easy to forget working families, the elderly, the poor, the children than Barbara Mikulski. Having worked with them both, I know how completely she has taken on the mantle of her friend Ted Kennedy and kept our committee focused on those whose needs are greatest.  As we celebrate the inspiration Barbara Mikulski has been for the women of the Senate, Maryland, and the country, let's not forget that she has also been an inspiration to all of us. She has shown us how to fight for the powerlessand how to cast votes based on ethical values and a deep commitment to our fellow men and women, not based on political expediency.  For that leadership, both as a great female legislator and as an accomplished legislator with a lifelong commitment to improving the lives of all Americans, we honor her.  