 President, this is how Richard A. Muller--again, the scientist who was often quoted by Senator Inhofe--began his op-ed 2 days ago in the New York Times. This is the quote from Richard A. Muller.       Call me a converted skeptic. Three years ago, I identified      problems in previous climate studies that, in my mind, threw      doubt on the very existence of global warming. Last year,      following an intensive research effort involving a dozen      scientists, I concluded that global warming was real and that      the prior estimates of the rate of warming were correct. I'm      now going a step further: Humans are almost entirely the      cause.  And Dr. Muller continues:       My total turnaround, in such a short time, is the result of      careful and objective analysis by the Berkeley Earth Surface      Temperature project, which I founded with my daughter      Elizabeth. Our results show that the average temperature of      the earth's land has risen by 2\1/2\ degrees Fahrenheit over      the past 250 years, including an increase of 1\1/2\ degrees      over the most recent 50 years. Moreover, it appears likely      that essentially all of this increase results from the human      emission of greenhouse gases.  That was Dr. Richard Muller from an op-ed in the New York Times on July 28, 2012.  I am not going to tell you that every single serious scientist in the world agrees with Dr. Muller or agrees with me or agrees with the vast majority of scientists that global warming is real and primarily caused by human activity. But I will say that, according to the National Academy of Sciences, approximately 98 percent of active climate scientists who published peer-reviewed papers agree with the assertion that global warming is occurring and human activity is a significant driver of it--not 100 percent but 98 percent.  When we talk about scientists publishing with peer review, what we are saying is their papers and research were reviewed and examined by other expert scientists in their field. That is the great thing about science and peer review. 