 President, there is perhaps no more vexing challenge confronting this Congress than improving the quality and affordability of health care for all our citizens.  Just a few weeks ago, this Senate took historic action to strengthen and modernize Medicare by providing seniors new choices and adding a prescription drug benefit. During the past year, this Senate passed legislation to provide new resources to the scientists at the National Institutes of Health and to strengthen our Nation's defenses against the threat of bioterrorism.  While we shouldn't minimize the importance of these initiatives, the Senate has not addressed one of the most fundamental problems limiting American access to quality health care; that is, reforming our Nation's flawed medical liability system.  Our current medical liability system encourages excessive litigation, drives up costs, and is literally scaring doctors out of the medical profession. All too often, these lawsuits result in exorbitant judgments that benefit personal injury lawyers more than they compensate injured patients. I am pleased that the Senate will soon consider legislation, the Patients First Act, authored by Senator Ensign, to address many of these shortcomings.  As we debate this legislation over the next several days, Members will use some complex actuarial terms such as ``combined loss ratios,'' ``asset allocation,'' and ``the McCarran-Ferguson Act'' to illustrate their points. While they may be important, I believe it is more important that we recognize this is a real crisis facing real families.  Let's look first at this photo of Tony and Leanne Dyess with their family. This picture was taken prior to July 5 of last year. On that evening, Tony was critically injured in a car accident while on his way home from work in Gulfport, MS. Immediately after the crash, Tony was rushed to Garden Park Hospital, right there in Gulfport, suffering from serious brain injuries that required immediate medical attention.  Tragically, nearly all of the specialists capable of treating this type of head injury had left Gulfport because of the medical liability crisis and none was available to treat Tony Dyess.  Tony had to be airlifted to University Medical Center in Jackson, MS. Six excruciating hours passed before he received the surgery he needed to relieve the swelling in his brain. As Dr. Frist can explain to us, every minute is critical when treating patients who have experienced serious brain trauma.  While the doctors in Jackson saved Tony's life, they were unable--unable--to prevent him from suffering permanent brain damage. As a result, Tony will require constant care and medical attention for the rest of his life.  The Senate was fortunate to hear from Leanne Dyess when she testified before a joint HELP-Judiciary Committee hearing on the medical liability crisis earlier this year. I thank her for her willingness to share her story with the American people and ask unanimous consent that her testimony be printed in the Record following my remarks.  