 President, I rise to honor the Screaming Eagles of the 101st Airborne, Air Assault Division, based at Fort Campbell, KY. As you all know, two Black Hawk helicopters from the 101st Airborne collided in the night sky over Mosul, Iraq on November 15, 2003. Tragically, all 17 soldiers on board the helicopters perished in the incident. This last Saturday, two additional soldiers from the Division were killed while they patrolled the streets of Mosul.  These tragic incidents bring the total number of Screaming Eagles lost in Iraq to 55. My prayers and deepest sympathies go out to the families and friends of these brave Americans.  Last month, in one of the most moving experiences of my career, I met with some of these soldiers in Mosul, where the 101st is responsible for keeping the peace in the northern part of Iraq.  These heroes shared with me their thoughts about America's struggle to bring peace and security to a long-oppressed nation, and their patriotism and passion for their mission shone through the dust and grime that accumulates with sustained operations far from the comforts of home.  Truth be told, I did not expect to encounter the extraordinary high levels of dedication and morale I witnessed in Mosul and elsewhere in Iraq. Throughout that country, I conversed with soldiers who witnessed first-hand the reality of war, and who knew friends injured or killed in combat.  It was obvious that the thoughtful young men and women I met in Iraq have spent long hours coming to grips with these harsh realities, yet remain committed to their mission and deeply believe that what they are doing is right and just. An example: at the 101st Airborne's headquarters in Mosul, I witnessed a video that detailed the Division's operations in Iraq. The moving video is dedicated to--and features footage of--Screaming Eagles who have lost their lives during the liberation of Iraq, and it is clear these lost heroes are never far from the thoughts of the soldiers of the 101st. Indeed, these heroes remain a source of poignant motivation for their comrades.  For our Armed Forces, sad memories of fallen colleagues are inescapable, but so too is the evidence that the Screaming Eagles are on the right side of history. From water coolers in Washington, DC to New York City newsrooms, many of us forget that our troops were present at the moment Iraq was liberated from the tortuous grip of Saddam Hussein. They have since witnessed firsthand the birth of a democratic process and the reawakening of a people enslaved for generations by fear and oppression. The Screaming Eagles have worked side by side with Iraqis to help rebuild a shattered country, and their joint success in this regard is truly remarkable.  The brave soldiers I met in Mosul know America is in Iraq for the right reasons, and that despite setbacks and tragic incidents we are winning the peace in Iraq, just as surely as we won the war.  At one point during my visit, one of the Screaming Eagles came up to me and introduced himself as a captain who hailed from my hometown of Louisville. In the entryway of one of Saddam's former palaces--now serving as the 101st Airborne's division headquarters--he presented me with a flag of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and recalled how he brought it with him as the division left Fort Campbell and fought north from Kuwait, up through Baghdad, and on to Mosul.  This captain spoke with well-earned pride about the role he and his fellow soldiers played in liberating the Iraqi people and winning the war. And he spoke of the progress they were making in winning over the hearts and minds of these newly free people by treating the Iraqis with a level of dignity and respect they have not received for generations.  While in Mosul, I met with the newly elected governing council of Iraq's Nineveh Province, and I can tell you that the respect and appreciation these democratically elected leaders have for the U.S. efforts is ample evidence the Screaming Eagles are indeed winning the hearts and minds of the Iraqi people.  Indeed, both this democratically elected new government and that young captain would want us all to understand that America did the right thing to help 25 million Iraqis to realize a life without fear. I can assure you that this captain and his fellow soldiers--although mindful of the great risks and danger inherent in their work--are committed to finishing the job by winning the peace and helping the Iraqis to get back on their feet.  I keep this soldier's flag--still covered in dust and dirt from its historic travels--in my office as a reminder that when America sets out to accomplish a difficult task, it finishes thejob. And when I hear discouraging or saddening news from Iraq, I think of this young captain's dedication to this mission, and know that America must--and will--stay the course.  Mr. President, the entire Fort Campbell community grieves the loss of every single Screaming Eagle, and we long to welcome the division home to the fertile farmland of western Kentucky.  But when the division returns to Kentucky, it will have left an indelible mark on the memories of the people of northern Iraq. The 101st has treated the Iraqi people with respect and honor. They have acted not as occupiers, but as allies to the victims of Hussein's brutal reign. When the Screaming Eagles come home, Iraqis will see their legacy around every corner: in the hundreds of newly refurbished schools, in the electricity that now is available 24 hours a day, in the swimming pool renovated for Iraqi kids by the division, in the repaired irrigation canals that bring water to the wheat fields near Mosul, in the soccer fields that are no longer killing fields, and in the proud Iraqis now patrolling the streets of a free Iraq as policemen respectful of the human rights and dignity of their fellow citizens.  Mr. President, Iraq is now free--and an evil despot no longer threatens the United States and his neighbors--because of the selfless actions of the individual soldiers of units like the 101st Airborne. I pray that the families of those Americans who have lost their lives in this conflict find comfort and solace in their time of need. Their loved ones are American heroes, and I will never forget their sacrifice.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  