 President, we all understand and appreciate the importance of information technology. Many of us now regularly use our ``blackberries'' to communicate with each other and staff on the workings of this body. I want to take a moment to highlight the efforts and vision of Voice for Humanity to utilize information technology--specifically audio digital technology--to maximize the effectiveness of HIV/AIDS awareness and other important development issues abroad.  Using low-cost digital tools, Voice for Humanity proposes to convey HIV/AIDS awareness, prevention, treatment, and medical training among non-literate and oral communicating populations in developing countries. The devices, which fit into the palm of your hand, can provide standardized information to any one group or individual in any language. And the best part is, information can be regularly updated and changed using regular FM radio technology.  The applications of this technology are endless. During elections, this technology can provide critical information to remote parts of a developing country on the basic tenants of democracy and election rules and regulations. Anyone who has observed elections in a transitioning country knows that confusion over process on election day--by voters and poll workers--is not extraordinary. This technology ensures that everyone has the same information, in the same language, at the same time.  I will have more to say on Voice for Humanity at a later date. I intend to include language in the statement of managers accompanying the fiscal year 2004 Foreign Operations Appropriations bill ensuring support for pilot projects.  Lastly, Mr. President, last night the conferees to the emergency supplemental included $100 million for economic assistance for Jordan. This action was strongly supported by the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, and is intended to be in addition to funds made available for Jordan in the fiscal year 2004 Foreign Operations bill.  My friend from Vermont and I wanted to provide Jordan with early disbursal of funds in the pending bill because we have long recognized how good and trusted an ally we have in that country. I was just in Amman--a little over 3 weeks ago--and was again impressed by the solid relationship the United States enjoys with the Hashemite Kingdom.  The inclusion of an additional $100 million for Jordan sends the right message at the right time and provides well earned support for ongoing reforms in Jordan. The technical amendment the ranking member and I offer strikes an earlier one that provided funds for Jordan on an accelerated basis--instead, Jordan's total allocation for economic assistance in fiscal year 2004 will include the budget request for $250 million, and an additional $100 million in the supplemental.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, in conclusion, I thank Senator Leahy and his very capable staff, Tim Rieser and Mark Lippert, and, of course, Chairman Stevens and his able staff director, Jim Morhard, for his continued support of the subcommittee, and particularly for the additional global HIV/AIDS program allocation.  I also thank USAID counsel Bob Lester who puts in long hours working alongside the subcommittee putting these bills together. I thank Brendon Wheeler and my assistant, Robert Karem, who accompanied me on a recent trip to Iraq and Afghanistan, and Paul Grove, chief counsel of the subcommittee. He has been with me off and on for a number of years. He has done a spectacular job. He had to balance both the emergency supplemental conference downstairs and the foreign operations bill upstairs and chronic sleep deprivation at the same time, and he did all that with admirable poise and remarkable intellectual ability. I appreciate his very fine work.  