 President, my Democratic colleagues try to justify their unprecedented filibusters of President Bush's nominees by arguing that they want mainstream judges and that President Bush's nominees do not fit that criteria. Mainstream judges--I am a little puzzled by that assertion. I would think, for example, that Priscilla Owen is in the mainstream. She was rated unanimously well qualified by the ABA. She was endorsed by the past 16 Texas Bar Association presidents, both Democrats and Republicans. She has been twice elected to statewide judicial office in Texas, one of the States where they elect judges, and the last time, interestingly enough, she got 84 percent of the vote--unanimously well qualified by the ABA; supported by 16 presidents of the State bar of Texas, Democrats and Republicans, and gets 84 percent of the vote. Sounds like mainstream to me. Yet Democrats filibustered her nomination because of her interpretation of a Texas law saying minor girls could not have an abortion without their parents being notified--not consent but merely notified.  After all, school nurses need a parent's consent to dispense an aspirin to a child. Should not a parent be entitled to a simple notification when their child seeks an abortion? Over 80 percent of Americans think they should. That is a very mainstream notion.  So I was astonished that Democrats would say she was not ``in the mainstream,'' and, frankly, I think the American public would be astonished by such a conclusion that a person so ruling would not be in the mainstream. But ``mainstream,'' of course, is a relative term.  To help the American people understand the Democrats' view, we should look at some of the Clinton judges my Democratic colleagues have supported. Upon doing so, it should be pretty clearthat the Democrats' view of mainstream is colored by the fact that they are sitting on the far left bank.  Clinton class of 1994, Judge Shira Scheindlin, a get-out-of-jail-free card for terrorist sympathizers. In the days after 9/11, Federal agents did their job by detaining a material witness to the 9/11 attacks, a Jordanian named Osama Awadallah. Osama knew two of the 9/11 hijackers and met with one at least 40 times. His name was found in the car parked at the Dulles Airport by one of the hijackers of American Airlines Flight 77, and photos of his better known name's sake, Osama bin Laden, were found in Osama Awadallah's apartment.  Under the law, a material witness may be detained if he or she has relevant information and is a flight risk. 