 What the Senator from West Virginia is suggesting here is that we change a temporary position--a position currently held by Ambassador Bremer, which he is trying very hard to work his way out of by having at the earliest opportunity a chance to turn Iraq over to Iraqis and come home--into a confirmed Senate position. Ambassador Bremer spent a lot of time back here testifying, as he should have, on the supplemental. But the real job to do is over in Iraq, trying to get this new government up and running, trying to get the Iraqi security force to a substantial level so we can begin to draw down American troops. I think most of us have concluded we have too many positions that need to be confirmed.  In fact, I can recall a meeting in my office earlier this year, right before the August recess, a bipartisan meeting discussing the possibility of reducing the number of positions which require confirmation and having that bill take effect January 20, 2005, for whoever the next President is, to try to make it possible for the next administration to function more successfully without all of the problems that come from an excessive number of confirmations.  Secretary Rumsfeld is the designated authority for Iraq. Of course, he was confirmed by the Senate. Ambassador Bremer, the CPA administrator, reports to the Secretary of Defense. During the consideration of the supplemental, my good friend from Vermont tried to shift the authority from the Defense Department over to the State Department. Certainly an argument can be made for that. But that failed on a vote of 56 to 42.  The fact is Ambassador Bremer, as I indicated earlier, is trying very hard to work his way out of this job. This is very much a temporary position. We didn't go in there to be there a very lengthy period of time. This temporary job can end the moment the Iraqis are in a position to take over the administration of their own country. We all know how lengthy confirmations can be. Do we really want to derail reconstruction by having Ambassador Bremer back here for lengthy confirmation proceedings? He is already on the job. As I understand the amendment, if this were to take effect and he were not to be confirmed by March 1 of next year, all the funding would be cut off. So this would be an extraordinarily high profile confirmation.  I know my good friend from West Virginia thought this war was a mistake. He has been very clear about that. A Senator would have to be extraordinarily inattentive not to get the point that the Senator from West Virginia believes the whole thing was a mistake. But I would say with the utmost respect for my good friend, we are there. We are there now. Regardless of how one felt about the process of getting us there, it seems to me we have a lot on the line in having this Iraqi effort be successful, regardless of how we felt about going in.  I venture the opinion that no matter who the next President is, they will try to finish the job in Iraq just like this administration is still in Bosnia and Kosovo, an administration policy of the previous administration.  This job needs to be finished. I plead with my colleagues. Let us not make it any more difficult to wrap up this very tough assignment and have Ambassador Bremer come back and do something else for the rest of his life.  I hope the Byrd amendment will not be approved. We have had ample opportunity to cross-examine Ambassador Bremer and to question him on every conceivable issue related to this, and I am sure we will have other opportunities to do it. But I think the confirmation process is simply not appropriate for this particular position.  I yield the floor.  