 President, we turn to discussion of the amendment currently pending before the Senate.  Today, we call on the Department of Defense to finalize regulations that will ensure that the Global War on Terrorism Medal, the medal that the Joint Chiefs of Staff picked and that the President has authorized for military operations, will be awarded on an expedited basis to the men and women of the Armed Forces of our country who serve in the global war on terrorism.  Recently, on this bill we dealt with an amendment that would have created a congressionally mandated medal when a medal already authorized by the President and recommended by the military was already in the works and awaiting final approval of the necessary regulations. That medal awaiting final approval is the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal. It can be awarded to all who serve in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom.  Our victories in the global war on terrorism would not have been possible without the dedication, the courage, and the service of the members of the U.S. Armed Forces and their coalition partners.  It is entirely appropriate that we recognize these brave men and women of the Armed Forces by awarding them service medals for personal bravery and other leadership actions and for their service in military operations abroad and for support operations at home and support operations overseas.  But the fact is, historically, the President has relied on senior military officers to recommend the personal and theater campaign medals.  Here, with the Global War on Terrorism Medal, that longstanding tradition was preserved with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commanders, including GEN Tommy Franks, U.S. Army, former Commander of the U.S. Central Command, recommending the medal to be awarded.  Taking the advice of his senior military and civilian defense leaders, President Bush, by Executive Order 13289, on March 12 of this year, established the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal to be awarded to service members who served in military operations to combat terrorism on or after September 11, 2001, including, but not limited to, actions in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom, in such locations as Afghanistan, Iraq, the Republic of the Philippines, and elsewhere in Southwest Asia.  Now, that Executive Order by the President went beyond our men and women in the Armed Forces and much further than the recent, other medal amendment would have. It also established a Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, recognizing duty in Operation Noble Eagle and the homeland defense mission against further terrorist attacks and recognizing duty in support of military operations performed in areas that do not qualify for the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal.  We all know of the fine work that is going on to preserve our homeland security. We know of the efforts to guard our borders, hunt down terrorists, and screen our airports. We recognize those efforts with this amendment and the medal. But we bring focus and attention to all of the important support staff. Ask any soldier, ask any sailor, ask any airman, and each will tell you how important it is to have the right staff sending you the right stuff--having the right staff sending you the right stuff. Without a competent, capable, and talented support staff in the global war on terrorism, our men and women in the Armed Forces would not have the right tools for the job. 