 President, I rise today on behalf of my constituents in the Sixth Judicial Circuit to discuss the plight we confront in that circuit. That circuit is made up of Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. As you can see by this chart, the Sixth Circuit is currently 25 percent vacant. If you are a litigant in the Sixth Circuit of Kentucky, it takes you 6 months or longer to get your case decided than in any other circuit in America.  Why are we in this situation? We are in this situation because the two Michigan Senators won't allow the Senate to go forward on four nominees from their own State--the Michigan Four. So we languish with a 25 percent vacancy rate. Litigants have a 6-month or longer wait than anywhere in America, while the two Michigan Senators hold up nominees from their own State, presumably because President Bush will not nominate people the Democratic Senators from Michigan are recommending that he nominate to the Sixth Circuit.  It may have been a close election, but President Bush won. He gets to make the nominations. I can tell you as a Senator from the Sixth Circuit, I am not interested in seeing Democratic nominees to our circuit court. So what they have done here is set up a standard that cannot be met and will not be met, and they are punishing the litigants of the Sixth Circuit because of this pique they have that the Republican President won't nominate recommendations of Democratic Senators from Michigan to the circuit court.  My recollection--and I have been here a couple of terms myself--is that Senators don't get to pick circuit judges. We may have a lot of influence on the selection of district judges, but Senators typically don't get to pick circuit judges. Maybe we get to make a recommendation, but we certainly don't get to pick them under Presidents of either party. So what is being asked in this situation is that Democratic Senators get to select circuit judges in a Republican administration.  I can tell you if, as Republican Senators from the Sixth Circuit, we don't even get to pick Republican judges for the Sixth Circuit, there is no chance the Democratic Senators are going to get to pick Democratic judges in a Republican administration.  The National Judicial Conference has designated all four of these seats as judicial emergencies. Not surprising. Twenty-five percent are vacant. It is a judicial emergency. The President nominated four superior jurists to fill these seats. Each of these nominees--all languishing in committee because the Michigan Senators object to them going forward--has gotten an ABA rating of qualified or well qualified. That used to be the Democrats' coveted gold standard.  But despite the President doing his job and trying to fill these seats, the Senate has fallen down on the job. These nominees are from Michigan, and the Senate delegation from that State, as I said, has objected to the Senate considering them, even though the Sixth Circuit is in crisis. It is even rumored that if the nominees were to be reported out of committee, they would join the ranks of the filibustered nominees we have been talking about since yesterday at 6 p.m.  Our friends and colleagues on the other side keep talking about the four they filibustered. There are seven more who we understand are going to get the same treatment. So maybe we ought to be talking about 11 who are going to be subjected to a supermajority.  The wheels of justice in my State and the other States of the Sixth Circuit are turning very slowly. Sometimes they are not turning at all. Cases are going unheard and grievances unredressed because the Sixth Circuit bench is one-fourth empty. Each judge has to handle a much larger caseload.  According to AOC--Administrative Office of the Courts--in 1996, each judge on the Sixth Circuit had to decide an average of 364 cases. That was just 7 years ago. On the Sixth Circuit, each judge had to decide about 364 cases. Last year--in 2002--each judge on the Sixth Circuit had to decide 643 cases--from 364 cases up to 643 cases between 1996 and 2002. That is a 77 percent increase from just 6 years ago. By overworking judges on the Sixth Circuit, the Senate is causing great delays for litigants. It now takes an excruciatingly long time for citizens of the Sixth Circuit to get their appeals decided.  As this chart shows, the national average for the time to decide an appeal is 10.7 months. This is the national average in the circuit courts of a delay in getting your decision made--10.7 months. In the Sixth Circuit, however, it is 6 months longer than that, 50 percent more.  So if you happen to be a litigant in the Sixth Circuit, because of the demand of the Michigan Senators that the Republican President of the United States select Democratic nominees of their choosing to the Sixth Circuit, if you are unfortunate enough to be a litigant in the Sixth Circuit, you are out of luck. I hope your case is not too important because it will take 50 percent longer than the national average to get a decision. It is all because the Michigan Senators believe they should be able to pick one or more circuit judges for a Republican President.  The Sixth Circuit has the dubious honor of being the slowest circuit in the Nation--dead last. The blame for that resides not with the President of the United States, who has had four well-qualified nominees pending before the Judiciary Committee for quite some time; the reason for that is the Michigan Senators' refusal to sign off on any of them, unless they get to tell the President whom to nominate.  Looking at it another way, if you are lucky to have to be in one of the othercircuits, if you file your appeal by the beginning of the year, you may get a decision by Halloween. If you file at the same time in the Sixth Circuit, you will wait until Easter of the following year to get a decision. We have all heard the old saying that justice delayed is justice denied. So let's put a human face on those statistics.  In the area of criminal justice, Ohio Attorney General Betty Montgomery has said that numerous death penalty appeals are experiencing prolonged delays. In the area of civil rights, attorney Elizabeth McCord had been waiting 15 months just to have an oral argument scheduled for her client's appeal in a job discrimination suit--15 months to get an oral argument in a job discrimination suit because the Michigan Senators won't allow any of the President's nominees to go forward. In the interim, her client died. He waited so long, he simply passed away.  According to the Cincinnati Post, delays such as this have become commonplace because vacancies have left the court at half strength and created a serious backlog.  Commenting on this sorry state, Mary Jane Trapp, president of the Ohio Bar Association, said:       Colleagues of mine who do a lot of Federal work are      continuing to complain. When you don't have judges appointed      to hear cases, you really are back to the old adage,      ``justice delayed is justice denied.''  Mr. President, this situation is completely and totally unacceptable. I am astonished that our Democratic colleagues want to filibuster qualified judicial nominees who could address the problem.  My Democratic colleagues try to justify their obstructionism based on a grievance they believe they have suffered with respect to two of these seats. Bear in mind, there are four vacancies. This grievance goes back two Congresses and involves an intradelegation spat. The ``you started it'' excuse is more than just a little wanting in light of these troubling statistics and unfortunate stories.  As I said earlier, let's get back to the first principle: Democratic Senators don't get to pick circuit judges in Republican administrations. In fact, Republican Senators don't get to pick them in a Republican administration. We get to make recommendations. Presidents of both parties have long believed circuit court appointments were their prerogative.  So I say to my friend from Idaho, who has joined us on the floor, here you have a situation where the Democratic Senators in Michigan, with a Republican administration, are demanding that the Republican President appoint someone of their choice to the circuit courts when even we as Republican Senators don't get to make such selections. I think it is safe to say that that is never going to happen. That is never going to happen.  So in the meantime, four nominees the President has made--all from the State of Michigan--which would solve this 25 percent vacancy problem on the Sixth Circuit, languish because of this desire on the part of Democratic Senators to pick circuit court nominations in a Republican administration.  It is important to remember that Michigan doesn't own these seats. They don't belong to any particular State. Certainly, historically, at least in recent history, these four seats have belonged to Michigan. They belong to the people of the United States. If anybody has a particular claim, it is the people of the Sixth Circuit, all of whom are suffering because of this obstructionism. I know the people of Ohio, Kentucky, or Tennessee would be more than happy to have these judges if Michigan doesn't want them. If the Michigan Senators don't want Michigan judges on the Sixth Circuit, goodness, we would be happy to have a good Ohio, Kentucky, or Tennessee lawyer fill the vacancies. My people in Kentucky didn't have anything to do with this spat up in Michigan. They are having to pay for it, as are the people of Ohio, Tennessee, and Michigan.  I said there are four vacancies in Michigan. Two of the four seats the Michigan Senators are blocking don't have any connection to any prior intradelegation dispute. There were two of the four judges who were involved in all of this dispute during the Clinton years, but there are four vacancies. All four of them are being held up. President Clinton did not even nominate anyone. Let me repeat, President Clinton didn't even nominate anyone for the seat to which Henry Saud has been nominated. Henry Saud, if confirmed, would be the first Arab American to sit on a circuit court in U.S. history. That is one of the nominations they are holding up. President Clinton didn't even nominate anyone for the seat to which Henry Saud has been nominated. The seat to which David Mackey has been nominated didn't even become vacant until the first year of the current President's term. Two seats are being held up by the Michigan Senators, one of whom President Clinton nominated, and one didn't become vacant until President Bush took office. These two vacancies had nothing to do with whatever the spat was that went on earlier, and all four seats remain vacant.  This is simply an unacceptable situation. The American people should be aware of what is going on. They should demand that this obstructionism cease. This outrage that is occurring in the sixth judicial circuit puts a human face on what has been going on around here this year.  Real litigants, real people, are paying the price for senatorial pique, for senatorial demands for something that is totally unreasonable--where Democratic Senators, in a Republican administration, get to pick circuit judges. In the meantime, the lawyers and litigants of the Sixth Circuit continue to suffer under this 25 percent vacancy crisis, this judicial crisis of the highest order, as a result of Senate obstructionism.  Let me also add, just a month ago, both houses of the Michigan Legislature passed resolutions that noted the negative effects of the vacancy crisis and urged the U.S. Senate in general, and Michigan Senators in particular, to act on the Michigan nominees. The Michigan Legislature is passing resolutions asking the Michigan Senators to let the nominations go forward.  Mr. President, I thank the Chair for the opportunity to address the crisis in the Sixth Circuit. It is a very serious crisis confronting my State. I see the Senator from Oklahoma here.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sununu). The Senator from Oklahoma is recognized.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, how much time remains?  