 President, I rise today finding myself in a very unusual situation. As an ardent supporter of the budget resolution and enforcing the axiom of ``live within your means,'' I am very much opposed to blowing the budget caps, except under the rarest of circumstances. This is just such a circumstance.  At a time in which the United States is the key to developing a democracy in Iraq, this amendment ensures our democracy at home. While the United States is leading the repair of a country mired in corruption and suppression, this amendment provides the support to ensure the franchise of all Americans, and to combat the dissolution of that franchise.  As all my colleagues heard me say many a time, everyone who is eligible to vote, should vote and have their vote count, but they should do so only once. This amendment provides an additional $1 billion to implement the Help America Vote Act of 2002. The Transportation-Treasury appropriations bill as drafted sets aside $500 million for election improvement grants. This amount, when added to the fiscal year 2003 appropriation, falls $1 billion short of our commitment. This amendment fills that gap.  In enacting election reform last year, we all knew it would come at a significant financial cost and we all have heard repeatedly from State and local officials about the importance of full funding. The additional funds provided in this amendment will be used by States and localities to meet requirements which have a 2004 implementation date and continue their work on those with a 2006 date.  As a refresher to all my colleagues, the election reform legislation we passed last year protects the sanctity and security of the votes of all Americans in the following ways: Provisional ballots for all voters which are later verified for eligibility so no one is turned away from the polls; statewide databases to include information from registrants to ensure accurate and up to date lists of legally registered and eligible voters; mail-in voter registration procedures to include positive identification of not only the eligibility of the registrant, but the existence of that registrant; update and improvement of voting systems to achieve ease, access and security; and increased poll worker training, voter information and overall modernization of the entire voting process.  One year ago next Wednesday marks the 1-year anniversary of the enactment of election reform legislation. Since that date, States and localities have been working tirelessly to meet the standards the Federal Government placed upon them. With the 2004 elections right around the corner, it is important we provide the necessary resources for full implementation of these important standards.  Once again, I commend both the Budget chairman and the Appropriations chairman who have been outstanding throughout the year, and I have been a stalwart supporter of their efforts. This, however, is that very rare instance which I believe warrants providing funding above that provided in the budget.  Win or lose on this amendment, we must honor our commitment to financially partner with the States to improve our elections process.  As I said, I find myself in an extremely awkward position. I support the chairman of the Budget Committee. I support the budget resolution. I support the great work that he has done in holding us to the budget resolution as we move along. And I wouldn't be in favor of waiving the budget but for an extraordinary circumstance.  The cold hard reality is this: When we passed the election reform bill a year ago this month, we promised the American people that in the fall of 2004, we would have the mechanisms in place to dramatically improve the election system, including having the antifraud provisions that the Senator from Missouri, Mr. Bond, and I fought so diligently for, that guarantees that every American has a right to vote but, as Senator Bond frequently put it, votes only once.  None of those provisions will go into place unless the amendment Senator Dodd is offering is approved. I can tell you that everybody seems to be in favor of this, but nobody has been able to figure a way to get it done. I spent the afternoon talking to people in the administration who want to see it done, talking to the people in the House of Representatives right at the top who want to see it done, people on that side of the aisle who want to see it done, and people on this side of the aisle, but nobody is showing a clear path to how you get it done.  I think I am safe to say, on behalf of the Senator from Connecticut and the Senator from Missouri, we are here to offer this amendment to demonstrate, we hope, that a significant percentage of the Senate wants to see, at the end of the appropriations process, this money found to guarantee that we dramatically improve our election process, not sometime in the far distant future but next November.  I ask unanimous consent that Senator Bond, Senator Hatch, Senator Roberts, and Senator Burns be added as cosponsors to the Dodd-McConnell amendment.  