 President, with regard to medical errors, were we not debating a motion to proceed, and if we were on the bill, I am sure my friend from Illinois or other Members of the Senate would offer amendments with regard to medical errors. A medical errors bill has passed the House of Representatives.  I don't think anyone is suggesting--certainly not I--that the underlying bill which we are seeking consent to get before the Senate should not be amended or improved in a variety of different ways. However, it is pretty hard to offer an amendment when we are on a motion to proceed.  With regard to the lady who was horribly disfigured--this picture displayed by my friend from Illinois--it is important to remember that her damages would not be capped at $250,000. She would get all of her economic damages--all of them--plus $250,000 noneconomic damages, plus, in all likelihood, punitive damages on top of that equal to twice economic damages or a quarter of a million, whichever is greater.  So the notion that there is simply no other compensation, that there is a $250,000 cap, is not accurate, I say with all due respect to my friend from Illinois.  Senator Lott read off a few moments ago a list of awards under the California system--which is the underlying bill, the one we are seeking to get before the Senate, which this bill mirrors--of multimillions of dollars for compensatory damages; and punitive damages in a case of truly egregious events could be twice the economic damages. Then there is a pain and suffering award potential of $250,000 on top of that.  The people who do not get a penny are the ones who cannot find a doctor because the doctor is no longer there. One of the examples I used in my remarks earlier, Leanne Dyess from Mississippi, did not get a penny. Nor did the women who give birth by the side of the road. They don't get any money when their doctors have been driven out of business.  So the point I make in response to my friend from Illinois: This is not nearly as draconian as he suggests. On the economic side, there are no limits at all. Under punitive damages, there could be twice what compensatory damages are, and there is a $250,000 possibility on pain and suffering already. We think that clearly the victims are not denied adequate compensation.  As we have already pointed out with several speeches, the States that have tried this kind of approach have lower malpractice insurance premiums and do not have the crisis that we have in most of America today without that kind of legislation.  