  The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to take a moment to explain an amendment that was in the package I just sent forward: Conditioning assistance to Malaysia on a determinationby the Secretary of State that the Government of Malaysia supports and promotes religious freedoms, including tolerance for people of the Jewish faith.  On October 16--just very recently--Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamed delivered a speech before the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference in Malaysia during which he made incredible anti-Semitic comments.  Let me just give you a direct quote from what the Prime Minister of Malaysia had to say. Incredibly, here is what he said:       The Muslims will be forever oppressed and dominated by the      Europeans and the Jews. . . . 1.3 billion Muslims cannot be      defeated by a few million Jews.       [Muslims] are actually very strong.  He said:       1.3 billion people cannot be simply wiped out. The      Europeans killed 6 million Jews out of 12 million. But today      the Jews rule this world by proxy. They get others to fight      and die for them.  If that was not bad enough, the Prime Minister of Malaysia went on. He said:       They survived 2000 years of pogroms not by hitting back,      but by thinking. They invented and successfully promoted      Socialism, Communism, human rights and democracy so that      persecuting them would appear to be wrong, so they may enjoy      equal rights with others. With these they have so gained      control of the most powerful countries and they, this tiny      community, have become a world power.  Now, what could be more outrageous in 2003 than for the prime minister of any country to make such unbelievably erroneous statements? They are dangerously wrong, and they play directly into the hands of the radical Islamic extremists throughout the region.  This is not an issue of free speech. His anti-Semitic remarks lend credence and legitimacy to the hateful messages of local terrorists who seek to sow mayhem throughout the region.  As I understand the importance of fighting terrorism in Mahathir's own backyard--and that his comments do not reflect the views of all Malaysians--I include, in the amendment already approved, a national security waiver that will allow the provision of $1.2 million in IMET assistance--that is the military-to-military assistance--to that country to be eliminated unless the President believes it is in the national security interests of the United States to continue it.  Now, the good news is that Mahathir's words were criticized around the world, as they certainly should have been. The bad news is that the Prime Minister just does not get it. Given an opportunity to clarify his comments a few days later, he said, in an interview with the Bangkok Post, on October 21--this is what he said to the Bangkok Post, having listened to the criticism and having an opportunity to retract his comments--he said: ``Well, the reaction of the world [to my comments] shows that [the Jews] control the world'' and, ``Well, many newspapers are owned by the Jews. They only see that angle and they have a powerful influence over the thinking of many people.''  Mahathir himself has influence over the thinking of many people. My advice is that in the future he should think before he speaks.  Let me close by encouraging Prime Minister Mahathir to unconditionally release former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim before stepping down from office later this month. This injustice has gone on for far too long.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  