 President, my amendment is rather straightforward. It relates to the current regime in Burma. It simply states that it is the sense of the Senate that the United Nations Security Council should consider sanctions against Burma as a result of the threat to regional stability and peace posed by the repressive and illegitimate rule of the State Peace and Development Council; that is, the military junta that has ruled Burma for the last few decades.  While the United Nations Secretary General and his special envoy to Burma have publicly raised the struggle for freedom in that country, the Security Council itself has not considered the matter, which it should do at the earliest opportunity. The facts are self-evident. Under the SPDC, Burma poses a clear and present danger to itself and to its neighbors. Narcotics, HIV/AIDS, and refugees fleeing gross human rights abuses spill over Burma's borders and create humanitarian and security crises in Thailand, India, and China.  The Secretary General and his special envoy should understand that actions--not words--are required to free Burmese democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and all her compatriots who remain oppressed and imprisoned in Rangoon.  While I appreciate the President and the Secretary of State raising the issue of democracy in Burma with Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Sinawatra, I am afraid the message of freedom has again fallen on deaf ears.  As a democratic nation and an ally of the United States, Thailand has a particular obligation to support democracy and justice in Burma. Many of us in Washington are gravely concerned that Thailand inexplicably seems to rush to the defense of the SPDC at every single opportunity, deflating pressure even before it can be effectively applied.  Frankly, I expect--and the community of democracies should demand--the Thai Prime Minister to be more proactive in supporting Suu Kyi andthe National League for Democracy, which I recall for my colleagues was overwhelmingly elected back in 1990 but never allowed to take power.  The comments of the Prime Minister of Thailand, as reported in the press, say the United States does not understand the issue well. That is ridiculous.  I would suggest that the Prime Minister may be the one who is confused as to how best to bring about democratic change in Burma. The Thai policy of engagement with Rangoon has been a predictable complete and total failure--a total failure.  Prime Minister Thaksin should understand that under a democratic Burmese Government, cross border trade would comprise of legitimate goods and services--and not those illicitly purchased or prostituted in back allies of Bangkok.  China, too, would benefit immeasurably from a government in Burma that is rooted in freedom and the rule of law. HIV/AIDS and the narcotics trade are akin to cancers in the Middle Kingdom's underbelly. Under the SPDC's misrule, these malignancies have grown out of control into Burma and affect the neighboring countries.  As Beijing already knows, there is no denying the socioeconomic impact of these security threats. It is time for China to treat the disease and not only the symptoms.  I note that next week China and the European Union will be meeting to discuss issues pertaining to Burma, Iraq, and North Korea. The United States must use its diplomatic prowess to influence China and the EU and move these parties toward engagement with the SPDC that results in the immediate release of Suu Kyi and other political prisoners. Agreeing that Burma is a pariah state, but not acting accordingly, is simply not going to work.  So I commend Secretary Powell for tackling this issue with the ASEAN members during his recent visit to Thailand just a week or two ago. I encourage him and the entire State Department to continue to implement an aggressive and unrelenting full court press to secure freedom and justice for the people of Burma.  To be sure, ASEAN has a critical role to play in promoting freedom and justice in Burma. Now is not the time for Southeast Asian nations to bury their collective heads in the sand, or to make bizarre comments praising ``positive developments'' in Burma--where there have not been any positive developments--as ASEAN members did following the recent summit in Bali, Indonesia.  The unfortunate tendency of ASEAN members to ignore regional threats is precisely why the U.N. Security Council should consider discussing the threats to regional stability and peace posed by a repressive Burmese regime.  Let me close by saying that the only positive development would be if ASEAN members get with the program and implement sanctions against the SPDC. Who better to spur them into action than the United Nations?  So this amendment simply calls on the U.N. to do what it should have done a long time ago, which is to get involved in helping us bring about the needed regime change in Burma, to bring to power the duly elected government of the National League of Democracy headed by Aung San Suu Kyi, the 1991 Nobel Prize winner, who remains under house arrest, which is where she has been for most of the time for the last 15 years--15 years essentially under house arrest. It is time for the U.N. to get interested in this issue and to take action.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Roberts). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.  