 REID. The University and Community College System of Nevada would provide an excellent home for the center. Through the research and educational programs undertaken by its major institutions, this University System is known throughout the world for its expertise in water resource and watershed management. For example, the Desert Research Institute, or DRI, is a unique blend of academia and entrepreneurship. Grounded in fundamental research, DRI and its Center for Watersheds and Environmental Sustainability apply scientific understanding to the management of scarce water resources in countries around the world while addressing needs for economic diversification and science-based education.  The University of Nevada, Reno, and University of Nevada, Las Vegas collaborate with DRI and conduct nationally recognized research and educational programs in their own right. The University of Nevada, Reno, UNR, has one of the Nation's largest and well-known education programs in the study of groundwater. A new international program at UNR sends undergraduate and graduate students to work with local villagers in some of the world's most impoverished nations. This training works both ways, helping the world's poorest people and training American students to work safely and effectively overseas. At the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, UNLV, the interdisciplinary educational program in Water Resource Management considers the scientific and engineering aspects of the hydrologic sciences within the context of policy and management issues related to water and water security. The expertise of UNLV's William S. Boyd School of Law in the field of water rights and water allocations is also a fundamental to this program.  With its strong tradition of fundamental research and collaboration, the University and Community College System of Nevada is perfectly poised to host an International Water Security Center. The University System is overseen by a chancellor and a 13-member Board of Regents.  