 President, when the Constitution was written, Thomas Jefferson was away in France. He wrote George Washington asking him to explain the function of the Senate. Jefferson understood the role of the House to be a place of great passion and quick reaction, but he wasn't quite sure what this Senate was going to be like. So Washington used a Southern analogy of drinking tea, where folks in those days would pour the hot tea down into the saucer, let it cool, and then pour it back into the cup.  Washington suggested that the Senate was the cooling saucer--a place where things cooled off--of this new Federal Government they were creating, where the heated passions that might bubble over could cool down. That is the way the Senate has worked for over 200 years. I suggest it is unworthy of the Senate when those in it, Members of the Senate, fail to heed to the role of this body, which is to provide cool, reasoned, and less passionate judgment as we do the people's business.  Recently, we have heard the venting of frustration by leaders on the minority side. Callow, petulant characterizations have been directed at our leader, such as ``amateur.'' Someone on the Senate floor referred to the Republican leader last week as ``amateur'' and used the term ``mismanagement.''  Well, Mr. President, in addition to that being quite unsenatorial, let us recall that this leader is laboring under a one-vote margin, just as the last leader had to endure. Given that same burden, it might be appropriate and timely to compare the hard facts.  Those hard facts deal with the passage of bills through the Senate. With the same one-vote majority, Senator Frist has pushed 10 appropriations bills across the Senate floor while last year's leadership delivered only 3. That is over three times as many appropriations bills through the Senate in this year compared to last year.  Now, the 11th bill has been the subject of a filibuster, and the remaining 2 should be dealt with this week. Again, last year, three appropriations bills moved through the Senate--the worst record in at least two decades.  Let me repeat that, Mr. President. Last year only three appropriations bills made it through the Senate, the worst record in at least two decades.  Let's look at bills signed into law. With the same one-vote majority as the other side had last year, Senator Frist has delivered six appropriations bills into law. Last year only two were delivered.  Using the terms employed by the Democratic leadership, delivering just two appropriations bills into law is the worst Senate management record in 16 years. Let me repeat, Mr. President. Delivering just two bills into law, which is what happened last year, is the worst Senate management record in 16 years.  This year and last year, with the same one-vote majority, Senator Frist has just done his job in funding the Government for this year. He did the job of last year's leadership by passing last year's funding bills back in January. What is amateur, to use the Democratic leadership's terminology, is not doing your job and blaming someone else. That is what is amateur, not doing your job and blaming someone else.  With a one-vote margin, this leader passed a budget, a jobs package, a prescription drug benefit for seniors, a global AIDS bill with record funding, established the Department of Homeland Security, and is completing the appropriations bills. That is the record of this leader, Senator Frist.  