Meek). And your mother certainly had a man child too. And we love Carrie Meek, Congresswoman Meek. I miss her very much, and she must be very, very proud of you. I am certain of that.  We have shared so many memories this evening, and there are very serious ones that I will end with. But I have to say that I can still see Stephanie sitting in the Speaker's chair in the reddest of red suits, and she just beamed. And she loved that chair, and she loved that gavel, and she used it. You could hear it ring against the walls when she would hit that gavel down.  And I did not know that she was not the only member of a sisterhood that wore those red dresses. It wasn't until her service in Cleveland that I saw an entire street from side to side covered with women in red dresses. Stephanie had many acquaintances and many friends. And I know that those red outfits gave her strength, and it certainly brightened this Chamber.  I remember her scarves with the fringes. I don't know where Stephanie got all those, but they certainly added a flourish here, and they helped to cheer us up and to add to the full smile, ear to ear, that greeted every person that she ever met.  Now, some of us knew about her cheers. There were many cheers, sports cheers, political cheers, Democratic cheers. She had a chant and a rhyme and a rhythm about her, and she had a presence, and she took those cheers forward. I know one of those cheers, one of the more recent ones with a rhyme was H-I-L-L-A-R-Y. I know that that was one of the latest cheers.  She had a great devotion to youth, to the younger women who are serving in this Chamber, three of whom we just heard from, Congresswoman Richardson, Congresswoman Edwards, and Congresswoman Clarke. And it almost seems somewhat providential that as we lost three women from the Congressional Black Caucus, we have three younger women on the floor tonight. That says something right there. And I have no doubt Stephanie is watching over making sure that the numbers even get better.  I think that her path breaking efforts in so many ways put her in the footsteps of Sojourner Truth; particularly, I am woman, I can do anything. I am woman, I can do anything. I know Stephanie believed that to her very core. Her zest for life and her indomitable spirit surround us, surround her son, surround her sister, surround all of her friends, her church friends in Ohio, all of those who came to know her, appreciate her.  And I know that Congressman Louis Stokes, her predecessor, feels this loss particularly deeply. And I recall with great affection his service here. And as the years go on, it is amazing the events that we witness and that we endure.  And in Stephanie's memory, I want to thank Congressman Meek for holding this special hour on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus and allowing me to add a few words to the eloquence that has been spoken this evening in memory of our beloved friend. And I yield back the time you have kindly given me.  