Every member of the delegation joins you in extending our deepest sympathy to Betty, to John's family, to all of his friends, not just in Akron but across this country. I know how proud he would be of you and of your service to have this very intelligent force here inside the Congress.  I had the great joy of serving with John Seiberling. One can offer many plaudits and memories of his great work, and I am flooded with memories as I speak this evening, but one word comes to mind. That word is ``integrity.'' John Seiberling was absolutely an honest, decent, patriotic American. I recall many of his great works. I think he had these beige Chuck-A Boots, these Chuck-A Boots. Do you remember when those were in style? He always wore them. You knew when John had the Chuck-A Boots on that he'd either been up in Alaska or that he'd just come back from trying to get the Cuyahoga National Recreation Area designated or that he'd been out west in some park or on some mountain somewhere. He always had like a tweed jacket, and he had a cut about him where you knew that he had been raised in a family of wealth. He didn't spend a lot of money on clothes, but he dressed a certain way. There was a certain cut of the man that helped to define him, and when he looked at you, he looked at you straight, and you always knew where John Seiberling stood. There was a certain way he held himself. It was as though he held up the honor of the office by the way he held his spine.  I remember the day that Betty sat in the gallery when those of us who were here honored his legacy and his last day of service here in the Congress. I can't believe it was that many years ago, because he was such a force here within the Congress, itself, such a force for integrity of the institution. In fact, in my office, I have a plaque that I had made because of a plaque he had hung in his office, which said that this office belongs to the people of his congressional district in Ohio. I was so impressed that, outside my office, I had a sign made: ``This office belongs to the people of the 9th Congressional District.'' John Seiberling always held us to a higher standard.  I have to tell you that I had an experience. When I was first elected, there were only two eagles left on Lake Erie, which is in the western part of Ohio, the region that I represent, and John had just started on the Cuyahoga National Recreation Area. This past year, something really wonderful happened. We've increased the number of eagles to 12 times what used to exist. We have 144 nesting pairs now, but a year and a half ago, two of those critters flew over to the Cuyahoga National Recreation Area, and they took nest, and they've now had three baby eaglets. Every time I think of that, I say, ``Thank you, John Seiberling, for what you did,'' as we give rebirth to this region of America.  When he grew up, the Cuyahoga River became a national disgrace as it burned, and people still remember that image today, but John knew it had to be healed. He began doing just what Congressman Ryan and what Congresswoman Sutton have said, working here in the House and, of course, with our dear friend Congressman Ralph Regula as well, to put into place these green emeralds, these jewels of parklands that have now been placed, expanded and improved to a point where our western basin of Lake Erie can touch the eastern side of Ohio in a way that helps to raise up the symbol of this country, the bald eagle.  If it would be all right with the gentleman, I have remarks I would like to place in the Record.  