 In order of seniority, I would like to say to the dean of the delegation, Ralph Regula, there are many memories, perhaps not legislative, that I take with me relating to your service. One is your discussions about your red truck, and you were so happy when you bought it.  Of course, Congressman Regula, being a farmer and I suppose some would say an Ohio rancher, you know, men really never grow up. He loved that little truck. He drove it in the garage downstairs. It was always shiny. He was really proud of it. He used to drive it back to Ohio.  I remember one time I came down the hallway in the Rayburn Building, and he was kind of coming out of his office. I said, Ralph, what's wrong, and he had been kicked by a cow over the weekend. I guess he was kind of repairing himself there. I thought, well, that's the first Member I have met who was kicked by a cow.  I remember when I first arrived, you and your lovely wife Mary were friends with Doug and Betty Applegate. That's when I first got to Congress. That was a great moment.  We used to have those fashion shows wearing U.S.-made clothing which has become almost nonexistent, which is another story. But there were annual fashion shows, and Mary and Ralph and Betty and Doug would welcome us into that. It was really great to do that and to begin to focus attention in America on the issue of trade and jobs, which has become so much of the challenge that we face today.  I can remember, in our committee, Ralph holding the gavel of his subcommittee and being asked by the Chairs, and then when he was Chair himself, calling for the committee to adjourn after various votes had been taken and the high regard, right up at the top. I mean, he moved all the way up from the last seat all the way up to the first seat on that dais, and I always see them there.  I think from Mary I will remember Mary in Canton with the Mary Todd Lincoln gown and hat. I think I will always remember what a great, great moment that was, what a great gift to America you have given just in that one, in that one place of such historical significance that we will keep building forward.  For Deborah Pryce, I will say I shall always remember her as the, I believe, first woman Chair of her caucus, and very few women. I think when Deborah got here, there couldn't have been over 30 women in the House, maybe, it wasn't very much.  So for her to ascend and to plow a path for her daughter, and for the women of the future, was just so wonderful, and to be able to share that moment and to watch that happen, and the great pressure that is placed on someone in that position, and how she handled it so ably and always with great dispatch.  I remember her as a new mother and trying to handle motherhood as well as that enormous responsibility, and she did it, her great dedication to cancer research, pediatric cancer research and the contribution she made for all children in this country, and to find better answers in that terribly, terribly important area of health care. Also, our participation in a prayer group here in the Capitol, and the friendships and the camaraderie that came from that, those are moments that you never, never forget.  For Dave Hobson, obviously, you know, he loves this place, he loves being a lawmaker. I don't know what he is going to do after this. But, energy and water, that was his thing. He traveled all over the country, all over the world. He knew every general in the Army Corps of Engineers, I think, by first name, and loved helping build things for America.  When I think of armored Humvees, I will always think of Dave Hobson. I don't know if any other American will, but I will always associate armored Humvees and up-armored Humvees with Dave. His dedication to nuclear power, safe nuclear power, no one could have tried harder, studied that issue harder and made a difference than Dave Hobson.  He has that certain sparkle in his eye that former Representative and Speaker pro tempore, Barney Coulter, would identify with very, very much and for the great work that Dave contributed, not just here, but in our State legislature, to help building the Medical College of Ohio at Toledo. Our people will always be eternally grateful.  So to each of them from our side of the aisle, we extend deepest, deepest gratitude, and Godspeed in the years ahead. May you be given good health. May you have more time to spend with your families, and may there be less pressure and more joy in the days ahead. It has been a real privilege to serve with each of you.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. I thank the gentlelady, the new dean of our delegation or soon to be dean of our delegation from the Democratic side for those reflections and thoughts. Before I yield to our next Ohioan, Jean Schmidt, from southern Ohio, I want to talk a little bit about Dave Hobson.  I think it's appropriate that Ms. Kaptur talked about she doesn't know what Representative Hobson is going to do. A lot of us have been getting phone calls from his wife, Caroline, saying please find something for him to do so that she doesn't have to spend so much time with him.  Most of us in the delegation call him Uncle Dave. Again, going back to 1995, aside from all of the other things that Congressman Hobson had to do, Newt Gingrich was the Speaker at the time in the 104th Congress. He assigned Congressman Hobson to babysit John Kacich, who was the Budget Committee chairman at the time, just to make sure that Congressman Kacich, who has a tendency to be a little exuberant, controlled that exuberance.  This Congress, this historic Congress that has the first woman as Speaker of the House, Ms. Pelosi of California, who sort of ribbed Congressman Hobson about the fact that every time the Speaker of the House goes on a trip, she needs a Republican, obviously, for it to be bipartisan. For some reason it is always Congressman Hobson.  I think that it's appropriate that Ms. Kaptur talked about infrastructure. Because even though Dave is from Springfield, Ohio, and that's his district, down around the Dayton area and his loves are Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, so many things, he, like Ralph Regula when they were cardinals, took care of all of Ohio.  If you had a problem, if you had a concern, if you had a need, he didn't say I am going to take care of me first. He said I am going to take care of Ohio and the country first and many of the things that are being built. Just in mydistrict, the Ashtabula River and harbor, he helped to secure $53 million to help clean up contaminated sediments. That never would have happened without Congressman Hobson.  It's now my pleasure to yield to my good friend and colleague from Ohio, Jean Schmidt.  (