Like his father, John went on to serve his country in the Armed Forces. While fighting in World War II while in the United States Army, he was awarded the Legion of Merit in the recognition of his role in planning motor transport for the D-day invasion of Normandy.  When you think back to what he did as a young man and from his military service on, he never stopped fighting for his country. He was such a patriot. Congressman Ryan talked about his ivy league education and his roots, his scion from the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company. He could have come here, and he could have represented Wall Street, but John Seiberling never did that. He represented the best interests of this country. He never tried to clean up for himself. I remember, after he retired, he sent me this beautiful, beautiful book about flowers in the Akron area and about the ecosystem of the northeastern part of Ohio. He was always teaching; he was always contributing, and he made this institution sparkle.  Now, was he a telegenic figure? We seem to be in an age of television and media where everybody has got to have the right makeup and the right glasses. Are you telegenic? Are you TV ready? Are you camera ready? You know, John Seiberling didn't care about that. Sometimes his tweed suit would be a little bit rumpled. I wish for more Members with rumpled suits whose hair isn't exactly combed. John was always very neat--don't get me wrong--but he was there for the country, and he trudged it from coast to coast.  I think that his service on the House Judiciary Committee, history will note, took great courage as he drafted the Articles of Impeachment brought against former President Richard Nixon. Imagine the courage and the scholarship and the acumen that that effort entailed. He was a man to be dealt with, and you knew exactly where he stood, and when he was in your corner, he never wavered.  I wanted to mention his devotion to his family, to Betty. They were a team. I remember one time, Congressman Ryan, when for whatever reason I ended up in Akron, Ohio, at this big event in the city. I walked in this room, and I was meeting buckeyes whom I'd never met before. All of a sudden, there came this man down the aisle, to be seated with his wife. He had retired from Congress, and his vision wasn't that good at that point. They brought John Seiberling in, and the audience just applauded wall to wall until he took his seat with his wife's next to his. He was present for the program, and he heard every word. His mind was quick, and he absorbed everything that happened. When I went up to him afterwards, he knew exactly who I was; he knew exactly what had happened, and he was there to try to change America for the better in that particular election year.  To their sons John, David and Stephen, all I will say is thank you from the Kaptur family for allowing us to know your father because, to this day, he has an influence inside this institution. I learned so much from him, and he was so kind to me as a new Member and as the first woman from my region of Ohio ever to be elected here. He welcomed me. He helped to tutor me. He made me feel very much a part of this institution from day one. I shall always be grateful to him. I never forget him. He is a standard that I hold and is someone to whom I still look up in my own work. As I look at that plaque every day, I think of him. I can't tell you how many people have commented on it, and I always say, ``That's from Congressman Seiberling.'' His life still resonates here and across our country. We loved him, too.  Now, he wasn't exactly a lovable figure in a way. There was a certain circumstance about him. I suppose, because of his lawyerly training, you sort of felt like you were meeting a judge in a way and that he was judging every person and every event at which he was present, but there was also a great strength, and you wanted to know him better. You wanted him to teach you. You wanted to learn from him. The country is better served by individuals like him.  I doubt that John took millions of dollars away from here in any way, personally or politically. He wasn't that kind of guy. He served our country. Oh, we would be so much better if we could have more John Seiberlings in this institution.  So I say to Congressman Ryan thank you so much. You know in whose footsteps you walk. Congresswoman Sutton knows in whose footsteps she walks.  I just feel very fortunate to have been able to serve here long enough to have known John Seiberling. His perseverance, I think, has inspired us all.  I would say to the gentleman I have other remarks to make, but I'm sure that you have other material there that you would like to place in the Record. I just know John is watching over us and is wanting us to do better, to do better for the Republic because he did better for the Republic, and we hope to make him proud.  