Zepf, a Toledo treasure to her family, friends and community, departed this life on Friday June 6, 2008. Elizabeth was born July 6, 1903, in Cincinnati, Ohio, to Matthew and Elizabeth McCarty. Elizabeth, a consummate and indefatigable social activist throughout her life, was engaged in community and religious affairs. Her broad range of interests spanned the horizon--higher education, leadership development, the advancement of women, theadvancement of religious efforts, music, and health care. In fact, she championed the cause of mental health. With her husband, Arthur, she led the effort to create the Zepf Community Mental Health Center in Toledo to more effectively serve this population. She positively influenced the lives of all who met her. A committed Roman Catholic, she was devoted to her husband, Art, and her family but made the time to advance the broader human family through her many church-related organizations, locally and nationally. She held the office of president in the Blessed Sacrament Altar Society, the Toledo Diocesan Council Catholic Women, and then was elected nationally to serve as its president of the National Council Catholic Women 1960-1962. Her community involvement included: Serving 13 years on the board of trustees for the University of Toledo with 7 of those as Vice-Chairman of the Board. She remained a member of St. Vincent Medical Center Advisory Board for 11 years, established the Women's Cancer Education Council and was a past president of the board of trustees of Toledo Mental Hygiene Clinic. Elizabeth was one of the founding members of the Toledo Opera Guild and chairman of the Sapphire Ball in 1965.  President John F. Kennedy recognized her gifts when he named her to the board of directors of the American Freedom from Hunger Foundation, serving as its vice president. More so, she served as vice chairman of the board of the Lucas County Mental Health from 1963 and is now an Honorary Life member. She has served on the board of the March of Dimes.  For her dedication improving the quality of life of her community, in 1960 she received the Distinguished Citizenship Award from the Toledo Blade ``for outstanding service to her community''. Additionally, a clinic, in San Salvador, for homeless mothers and children, was named the Elizabeth Zepf Madonna Shelter. In 1974, the Elizabeth Zepf Community Mental Health Center was opened by the Lucas County Mental Health Board. In September 1988, the Satellites of the Medical College of Ohio honored her as one of the ``Treasures of Toledo.'' She was an honorary member for 5 years of Family Child Abuse Prevention Center. She was a life long member of Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church as well as the Maumee River Yacht Club and the Toledo Club. She is the widow of Arthur L. Zepf and is survived by her son, Arthur Zepf Jr. and grandsons, Kurt, Reilly and Arthur. Our entire community celebrates her life, her ever present smile and all her good deeds that flowed from her productive and generous spirit.