And I know that you have been the strongest voice in the committee to try to strengthen the bill. We from Ohio are doing everything possible to even make it stronger, and to make sure that the communities that have been ravaged by this subprime crisis--and I include my own among them--that somehow that those who are in the lead in these various committees in the House here think about democratic capitalism, and not just empowering Wall Street, but thinking of ways to move the billions, hundreds of billions of dollars of insurance that will benefit the bond houses that helped get us in this mess in the first place, think about the bonding power of cities, think about the bonding power of our housing authorities at the local level, think about how to move some of that money to re-empower communities across this country, not just a pittance, but at least have a scale of justice. If you're going to reward Wall Street, the wrongdoers who helped get us in this mess, what are you going to do for Main Street that's paying the bill? Are you going to give them a pittance?  I come from a tradition in a party with Franklin Roosevelt who believed you empower at the grass roots level and that you build wealth from the bottom up, not reward the top. And I would hope that there would be balance in the bill that is brought before us as we move into this debate. And I would hope there would be a chance at least to offer amendments, at least to be welcomed into the committee. We don't want to delay the process, but that if we have ideas, we have the respect that should be given to Members who come from affected communities and States.  And I want to thank Chairwoman Waters for her gracious acceptance of the invitation of the bipartisan delegation from Ohio. We feel, as so many people do, very frustrated by how slow the wheels of government sometimes turn and what is happening out there in community after community, where people are not able to do their workouts. I would hope that the chairman of the full committee here in the House, Mr. Frank, who has been meeting with some of the Members and been very involved in the committee, I hope that he would share his draft bill ahead of time because I think it would be disastrous--and I speak only for myself when I say this--if a bill is rushed to the floor and we don't have a chance to review it. This is too important.  When we're talking $100 million, that's a lot of money. A billion dollars is a lot of money. When you get into the trillions, it's overwhelming. And we are here to do due diligence for our people, so please afford us the respect and the consideration that you would want for yourself, and that we actually have a responsibility for that due diligence for the American people, the people that sent us here.  Madam Chairman, I want to submit for the Record a story from the Wall Street Journal about the influence of outside giving from Wall Street to Federal elections and the important role, unfortunately, that it plays sometimes in influencing opinion. I think it's very important that it be placed on the Record as well. And I thank the gentlewoman from California for joining us this evening.  