This bill      is pro megabank and it is against consumers.       And I would say to the people listening tonight, Are you      tired of calling banks and getting lost in the automated      phone system, never locating a breathing human being? This      bill will make it worse.       Are you fed up with rising ATM fees and service fees that      now average over $200 a year per account holder? This bill      will make it worse.       Are you skeptical about banks that used to be dedicated to      safety and soundness and savings but are now switching to      pushing stocks and insurance and debt? This bill will make it      worse.       Are you tired of the megafinancial conglomerates and      mergers that have made your community a branch economy of      financial centers located far away, whose officers you never      know, who never come to your community? This bill will make      it worse.       Punitive reporting requirements in this bill are aimed at      disabling community groups that are the only groups in this      country that hold these institutions accountable for the      depositors' money. It is going to make them a target of      Federal reporting requirements. So why do community groups      oppose this bill, like the Lutheran Office for Governmental      Affairs, the Fair Housing Alliance, the National Low-Income      Housing Coalition, the Coalition of Community Development      Financial Institutions, Consumers Union, the Volunteers of      America? Sounds like the folks that live in my neighborhood,      my colleagues.       I would say this is one of the worst conceived bills ever      to come before this body, simply because it does not pay      attention to the majority of the American people who have, on      average, less than $2,000 in any financial institution in      this country. To anyone listening tonight I say, Put your      money in the credit unions. They are owned by you and they      will take care of you. Vote against this bill.  