He has a beautiful soul.  These are moments that are very hard, because all those years come crowding in on you. For each one of these wonderful, wonderful Members I will at the right time this evening share some personal recollections.  With their eventual departure from here, Ohio will lose over 50 years of seniority. That is a staggering figure. And it isn't just the years, it is the friendships, the experience, the respect with which each of them is held, and the wonderful give-and-take that comes from getting to know Members well across the aisle.  I thank each of them on behalf of the people of our State for the major portion of their lives that they have given to this institution and for every single success that they have had legislatively here, that has helped build a better America and a better Ohio, and I thank them for their personal integrity throughout, carrying that torch forward for our great Buckeye State.  There are many others that wish to speak, and I will reserve at this time, but I just want to say I thank Ralph for your friendship. I thank Mary for hers, for all we have worked on together, including the First Ladies' Library, for all of the park systems all over this country, all of our great work on Appropriations. Those are memories that I will always have.  To Deborah Pryce, one of the few women from the Ohio delegation actually, all the years we have spent here together, and her kindness and her strength under leadership pressures here, as well as family pressures. She was strong and a survivor, and really a role model for us all.  And certainly to Dave Hobson, who has this uncanny habit of just being able to weave in and out down all these aisles in this place, and he always seems to know where you are, he finds you in the back in the cloakroom or wherever, and all of our great work on Appropriations together, and his desire to reach across the aisle and to work with us, whether it was defense, whether it was energy, whether it was education, health care.  We are really going to miss you all, each of you. I just thank you for being a friend to me while I have been able to serve here. And I thank Congressman LaTourette for giving me a moment here to place a few words on the Record. I shall remain throughout this hour. Thank you.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. I thank the gentlewoman, reclaiming our time. And as I introduce the other Ohio Members and others from perhaps around the country to speak about our honorees, I am going to say a couple of things about each of them before I hand it off to our colleagues.  First is the dean of our delegation, Ralph Regula from Navarre, Ohio. I know his wife, Mary, is with us this evening and watching on in earnest. And if you ever saw a partnership, there is a partnership, Ralph and Mary Regula. Of course, Mary is a star in her own right because of her work at the First Ladies' Library and all that she has done.  Just two quick things about Congressman Regula. When I was trying to figure out whether I wanted to run for Congress in 1994, I came to visit Congressman Regula. And if you have been to his office, it is on the third floor of the Rayburn Office Building, and it looks like the Capitol is actually in his office when you look out his window. I think the Congressman saw me sort of admiring the view, and he said, ``Well, don't get too excited. It is going to take you about 30 years to get a view like this.''  The second thing that is often forgotten now that we are in the 110th Congress, when Congressman Regula was in charge of Interior, he was the cardinal on the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee, there was a furious assault by very conservative Republicans elected in 1994 against the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, Humanities and the Arts, and Congressman Regula was really put under the gun and told that, look, you have got to defund the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. No more NPR, no more National Endowment for the Arts, no more National Endowment For the Humanities.  Congressman Regula was true, Ralph was true to his Republican provisions, but I would dare say that there wouldn't be public funding for those entities today if Ralph Regula hadn't stood up as a stalwart in 1995, 1996, 1997 and 1998. So anybody listening this evening that enjoys Public Broadcasting and thinks that it has a place in our American experience, I think needs to thank Congressman Regula.  I will talk more about Hobson and Pryce in a minute, but it is my pleasure to yield to my friend from Columbus, Mr. Tiberi.  