Res. 977, encouraging Americans to expend their rebates to stimulate our economy the most by buying and investing in goods and products made right here in the good old USA.  Congressman Bruce Braley of Iowa is to be commended for bringing such a sensible bill to the floor. The voters of Iowa were smart to send him here. He has obtained over 106 cosponsors on this bipartisan bill. We know as we debate this today, he is out in his district trying to help the families there who have been hurt by the terrible, terrible flooding. We know he is not just working there, but he is working here as well, and has the deep respect of his colleagues.  Rebate checks spent here in America on American goods will better stimulate our economy. Buying American products and American services from American-owned companies, purchasing U.S. farm products produced in this country or processed here, buying U.S. Savings Bonds, if you want to save, all keep jobs and income here. Indeed, buying fuel that contains ethanol or biodiesel from U.S. farmers helps America.  With the U.S. trade deficit soaring towards $1 trillion in red ink, investing in America makes more sense today, and I spell that S-E-N-S-E and C-E-N-T-S, than ever before. Today we were reminded of the softness in our economy with the announcement that the Chrysler Building in New York City, one of America's historic landmarks, will be purchased by a Middle Eastern oil conglomerate from Abu Dubai, just another sign of America's shrinking independence here at home. Spending a stimulus check on foreign-made goods stimulates the Abu Dubai economy or the Chinese economy or the Mexican economy. Expending those precious dollars here at home or saving them in U.S. Savings Bonds strengthens communities across our country.  So I would urge my colleagues and our fellow citizens to buy America, buy made-in-America, invest in jobs here. Use your stimulus check to build a stronger Nation. Now is the hour for all good men and women to use their rebate checks to come to the aid of their country.  I thank the gentleman very much for yielding to me, and urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 977.  