Speaker, I would like to place in the Record the names of the very able staff of Congresswoman Stephanie Tubbs Jones. This staff has endured great sadness, and they have tried to carry on with their leader being in spiritual guidance but not there personally.  And I would like to thank, from her district office, Betty Pinkney, her district director; Beverly Charles, her senior liaison; Theresa Lang Coaxum, her health liaison; Sharon Cole, business liaison; Saulette Reed, her office manager.  And here in Washington, Kimberley Alton, her legislative director; Lalla King Green, her scheduler; Eric Hammond, her staff assistant; Aaron Wasserman, her legislative correspondent; Darrell Doss, her tax counsel; Athena Abdullah, her health counsel; Nicole Y. Williams, her communications director; and Patrice Willoughby, dear Patrice, her chief of staff and counsel, who has tried to stand in Stephanie's place during these very difficult days.  And, finally, from the Committee on Standards, Dawn Kelly Mobley, the counsel to the chairwoman.  These are wonderful, wonderful staff people who have Stephanie's heart, and we want to do everything we can to help them through this very difficult time. And we thank them for their service to Stephanie and serving the people of the 11th District and the people of our country.  Also, Mr. Speaker, I would like to place in the Record before I call on our final speaker this story: There were many tributes paid to Stephanie at the service in Cleveland. One of the most moving speakers, the friends of Stephanie, heard Saturday from no politician or preacher but from a young 16 year old named Tiffany, a member of an all girls health careers class at Cleveland Martin Luther King JuniorHigh School that Stephanie took under her wing 2 years ago. Tiffany recalled Jones telling the girls ``This is the future. You are the future.'' And the Congresswoman took time from her political and legislative schedule to visit the class and take them places. She took them to church one Sunday, but Tiffany had to work that day. So Stephanie dropped by to the workplace with Tiffany's classmates in tow. Stephanie kept her eye on every one of them. ``We're family,'' Tiffany told her classmates, who stood in a show of unity with their peer. She said, ``We've got to stick together. We have got to carry on in her legacy. She was steward, protector, and advocate to us. I will miss her as a friend.''  Stephanie had friends of all ages. We thank her for her leadership and for the seeds that she planted in the new growth forest that is growing in Cleveland and growing across this country to which she devoted her life.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to call as our final speaker in this bereavement resolution Stephanie's very good friend from the State of Missouri, Congressman Emanuel Cleaver.  