 Madam Speaker, I rise in support today on the anniversary of 9/11, 2001, and to pay tribute to the over 3,000 Americans who lost their lives in New York, at the Pentagon, and in Pennsylvania.  Let me remember that day through the life of one man, a retired air traffic controller, Mr. John Werth, a constituent who was on duty that day at the Major Air Control Center located in Oberlin, Ohio, in our Ninth Congressional District of Ohio. His professionalism and attention to duty that terrible day saved hundreds, literally thousands of lives, though in the end he was not able to prevent the crash of United flight 93, which went down over Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and in which 40 of the lives lost that day remain forever in our memory.  In today's issue of USA Today, which I shall include in the Record, Mr. Werth's photo and story appear on the front page. It is appropriate that after all these years some of the heroic stories of that day become more fully available to the public. Mr. Werth's clearheaded efforts, under great pressure and amid great national confusion, diverted aircraft away from the highjacked plane, saving lives. As professional air traffic controllers in the employ of the Government of the United States, he and his colleagues worked hand in hand with our military to do the best they could under the most trying of circumstances. His three decades of experience served America well and cannot be overstated. He, and I know his colleagues across our Nation, acted with courage and dispatch. And we all respect them deeply. They carry with them in their memories of that day the transmissions from those cockpits. There is no question he and his colleagues literally saved thousands of lives by safely landing thousands of flights across this country. They avoided midair collisions and, for their grace under pressure, deserve every recognition and medal of honor the American people can bestow. They hold our admiration, they hold our gratitude, and they hold our respect for their patriotism and attention to duty. We are forever indebted to them.  