President, I rise today in support of S. 3711, the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act.  S. 3711 takes a much needed and long overdue step forward in our Nation's energy policy. For too long we have looked to others to supply our growing demand for energy. Too many of our energy resources are imported from unfriendly and unstable places in the world like Nigeria and Venezuela. We can no longer afford to rely upon the Hugo Chavezes of the world to fill up our gas tanks, heat our homes, or provide fertilizer to grow our crops.  Today we have the opportunity to look in our own back yard for the resources necessary to sustain our economy's growth.  S. 3711 opens roughly 8.3 million acres to oil and gas exploration. An area with roughly 5.8 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and 1.26 billion barrels of oil. One sector of our economy in desperate need of increased oil and gas production in the Gulf of Mexico is agriculture.  Mr. President, farm country is struggling to find our next generation of farmers. Agriculture's future depends on motivating young people to enter into a business with increasing input costs and stagnant product prices. Without a revitalized wave of young producers, our Nation's food suppliers will continue to face an uphill battle. Alleviating high natural gas prices is one way to help current producers and entice young farmers to return to the fields.  Agriculture depends on significant amounts of natural gas for irrigation, food processing, crop drying, heating homes and farm buildings, and producing fertilizers which are necessary for plant growth.  For agriculture, natural gas is not just an energy source, but it is also a feedstock in the production of nitrogen fertilizer. Natural gas accounts for roughly 90 percent of the cost to produce one ton of nitrogen fertilizer.  In 2005, natural gas prices rose to $15.00 per million BTU's. In the past 6 years, the U.S. has gone from spending $50 billion per year on natural gas to $200 billion per year. These high prices have hit the nitrogen fertilizer industry hard. Since 1999, 17 ammonia plants permanently closed due to the high cost of natural gas. The result is a fertilizer industry that recently received 85 percent of its feedstock from domestic sources to one that now relies on foreign imports to supply 50 percent of their natural gas needs.  Much attention in Congress has turned to alternative sources of energy to meet our demand. Ethanol used to be a word spoken only in farm country. Now ethanol is part of the daily jargon on the streets of New York and Los Angeles.  What some folks may not understand about ethanol produced primarily from corn is that farmers in many parts of the country use nitrogen fertilizer and irrigation systems to grow corn--two inputs heavily influenced by the price of natural gas.  You see, Mr. President, if we do not increase the amount of domestically produced natural gas, our renewable fuels industry will grow more and more dependant on imports from volatile parts of the world.  Now is the time to change our attitude about our energy supply. Domestic, environmentally safe production can and should take place on American soil and off our shores. S. 3711 moves our Nation's energy policy in the right direction. One that leads to greater energy independence and price stability. I encourage my colleagues to support our agricultural industry and vote for S. 3711.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I note the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Chafee). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  