Some believe the potential avian flu outbreak could be as lethal as the 1918 Spanish flu. One cannot watch or read the news without a report on the concern of flu reaching our shores.  In reality, human cases of avian flu have been discovered in 10 countries. Three years ago there were only three confirmed cases of avian flu in humans. Today these numbers have grown to over 224 human cases, 127 deaths.  In February, I took part in an avian flu exercise at the National Defense University. That exercise was called Global Tempest--aptly named. The exercise simulated a worst-case scenario flu pandemic, and participants from several Federal agencies, and Members of Congress, took part in the event. We all served as advisers to the President.  The exercise showed firsthand how quickly our public health system and real critical infrastructure services can be simply overwhelmed, how communication can easily break down and how panic can take hold amongst the public. We were forced with the difficult decision of having to determine where limited medical supplies and personnel should be targeted, how the Federal Government can sustain the private sector and try to mitigate the real economic effects of the pandemic, and if and when the Department of Defense should be called in to assist with the civilian efforts.  This Global Tempest exercise and experience, along with understanding the strength and the force of the Spanish flu in recent natural disasters such as Hurricane Katrina, have taught us a valuable lesson. We must be prepared at all levels to deal with the large-scale public health emergency such as the pandemic flu. This system must be able to respond in any type of crisis. But, more importantly, this system must be ready to respond before the crisis begins.  As chairman of the Senate Committee on Intelligence and a member of the Senate Agriculture and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committees, I take the threat of a flu pandemic seriously and view it not only as a public health concern but a concern in regard to our national security.  Senator Clinton is a fellow member of the HELP Committee. She shares these concerns. However, we do not want to stand before our colleagues and our constituents, those watching today, and cause panic or alarm. There have been no cases of the avian flu virus in the United States, nor has there been a human transmission of the disease in a form that could fuel a pandemic. Instead, we stand together before all of our colleagues hoping to motivate them to take the necessary steps to make sure we are adequately prepared, should avian flu take hold inthe United States. We believe there are some weaknesses in our system that we must strengthen so we can respond to a crisis.  Last week, I hosted a pandemic flu planning conference in Kansas with Senator Brownback and Governor Sebelius. The conference included other Federal, State, and local officials, the business community, university, health providers, hospitals, school administrators, many other stakeholders who came together to make sure that Kansas is prepared in the event of an influenza pandemic. We identified the steps that must be taken at the State and local level to plan for and respond to a flu pandemic.  At the Federal level, Senator Clinton and I took the lead last October and introduced legislation to help strengthen our Nation's flu vaccine system. The Influenza Vaccine Security Act takes a comprehensive approach and includes several provisions to improve our vaccine market and delivery system for the seasonal flu. It also provides the framework that is absolutely critical during a pandemic flu.  