 President, when we ask the men and women of this country to go to war on our behalf, we make a solemn promise to take care of them, to support them while they are abroad, and take care of them when they come home. As a daughter of a World War II veteran, this is a promise I take very seriously, and I know that my colleagues do too.  One aspect of this promise that I have been proud to fight for is the idea that we should help warriors who have sustained grievous injuries achieve their dream of starting families. This is something that is hard for many people to think about, but it is a reality for far too many men and women, people like Tyler Wilson. He is a veteran I met who is paralyzed and nearly died in a firefight in Afghanistan.  After years of surgeries and rehab and learning an entirely new way of living, he met Crystal, the woman he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. Together, they wanted to start a family. I believe we have an obligation as a nation to help them. That is why I have been fighting to expand VA care to pay for IVF treatments for people like Tyler. It is why I was so encouraged that 6 months ago the Pentagon announced a pilot program to allow servicemembers who are getting ready to deploy--the very men and women who are willing to put their lives on the line in defense of our country--an opportunity at cryopreservation.  That is a practice already widely used among the general population. It gives our deploying members not only the ability to have options for family planning in the event they are injured on the battlefield, but it gives them peace of mind. It says they don't have to worry about choosing between defending their country or a chance at a family someday. As Secretary Ash Carter said himself, this was a move that ``honors the desire of our men and women to commit themselves completely to their careers, or to serve courageously in combat, while preserving their ability to have children in the future.''  I couldn't agree with that sentiment more. While the pilot program was not groundbreaking and, in fact, has been used by the British Armed Forces for years, I believe the Pentagon's announcement spoke volumes about having respect for servicemembers who are willing to risk suffering catastrophic injuries on our behalf to tell them: No matter what happens on the battlefield, your country will be there for you with the best care available.  I applaud Secretary Ash Carter for his leadership. It is the right thing to do for our young men and women who have big plans after their service is complete. That is why I was so shocked by one line in this massive NDAA bill before us, a line that brings me to the floor today. Blink and you will miss it. On page 1,455 of the 1,600-page bill, in one line in a funding chart, you will find an attempt to roll back access to the care members of our military earned in their service to our country.  That line--that simple little line--will zero out the very program that helps men and women in our military realize their dreams of having a family, even if they go on to suffer catastrophic injuries while fighting on our behalf. The very program that Secretary Carter got off the ground just 6 months ago, the promise the Pentagon made, this bill throws in the trash.  Taking away that dream is wrong. It is not what our country is about. While I don't know how or why that line got into this bill, I am here today to shine a light on it in the hopes that we can get this fixed before it is too late.  In the past day, I have talked to both the chair and ranking member, and I am hopeful that we can change course. We simply cannot allow this provision or others like it to slip through the cracks and continue to chip away at the care that these servicemembers deserve. That is not what this country is about. Many of my colleagues are so quick to honor our military members with their words, but our servicemembers need to see that same commitment with their actions.  That is why I am here today urging my colleagues to keep this vital service intact for members of our military. We can take action that truly shows our servicemembers and our veterans that we understand this service is a cost of war and it is a cost that we, as a country, are willing to take on.  I yield the floor.  