 President, the role of the FDA Commissioner is central to the health and safety of every family and community nationwide, from a dad making his daughter's peanut butter sandwich in the morning to a patient headed into an operating room. I know this is a nomination we all take very seriously.  After careful review, I believe Dr. Califf's experience and expertise will allow him to lead the FDA in a way that puts patients and families first and upholds the highest standards of patient and consumer safety. Dr. Califf has led one of our country's largest clinical research organizations, and he has a record of advancing medical breakthroughs on especially difficult-to-treat illnesses.  He has a longstanding commitment to transparency in relationships with industry and to working to ensure academic integrity. He has made clear he will continue to prioritize independence at the FAA as the Commissioner and always put science over politics. His nomination received letters of support from over 128 different physician and patient groups.  He earned the strong bipartisan support of the members of the HELP Committee. There is a lot the FDA needs to get done in the coming months, including building a robust postmarket surveillance system for medical devices, making sure families have access to nutritional information, putting all of the agency's tools to work to stop tobacco companies from targeting our children, and playing a part in addressing the epidemic of opioid abuse that is hurting so many communities so deeply.  I believe Dr. Califf will be a valuable partner to Congress in taking on these challenges and the many others the FDA faces. I am here to encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this nomination. I look forward to continued work with all of the Members on ways to strengthen health and well-being for the families and communities we all serve.  I yield back my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Califf nomination?  