 President, last week the CDC announced it is monitoring nearly 300 pregnant women in the United States and territories for possible Zika infections. That means nearly 300 families across our country are living through a true nightmare for expecting parents. They are waiting for news about whether their newborn will be safe and healthy.  Unfortunately, with almost 1,400 cases of Zika already reported, the number of expecting moms and dads in this awful position is only expected to grow. As a mother, a grandmother, and a United States Senator, I strongly believe it is our responsibility to act as quickly as possible for these families and the families who will unfortunately be impacted by the Zika virus in the weeks and months ahead.  Just to be clear, mosquito season has already started in some parts of our country, and we do not have any time to waste. In fact, we should have been able to act much sooner. President Obama's emergency funding proposal to support the Zika response has been available for everyone to see since February. Similar to many of my colleagues, I was disappointed the Republican leader refused to even consider itand that instead they came up with one excuse after another to delay, even though public health experts and researchers have made it very clear this is truly an urgent public health crisis.  Some Republicans said Zika wasn't something they were willing to give the administration a penny more for, others said they would think about more money to fight Zika but only in return for partisan spending cuts, and others spent more time thinking about how to get political cover than actually trying to address this problem, but many of us knew how important this was and we didn't give up.  So I am very glad that after a lot of pressure from women, families, Governors, and scientists, and after a lot of pushing Republicans to get serious about dealing with this emergency, many of our Republican colleagues in the Senate finally joined us at the table last week to open a path for an important step forward.  I appreciate the work of Chairman Blunt, who joined me to get this done, as well as all the Senators on both sides of the aisle who voted for it. While Democrats didn't get the full amount we had hoped for in this compromise, I am glad the Senate was able to pass a $1.1 billion downpayment on the President's proposal as an emergency bill, without offsets.  Our agreement would accelerate the administration's work, and it would allow money to start flowing to address this crisis even as we continue fighting for more as needed. This agreement was supported by every Democrat and a little less than half of the Republicans in the Senate. So the Senate has a strong bipartisan first step ready to go.  Unfortunately, House Republicans went in a very different direction. They released an underfunded, partisan, and, in my opinion, mean-spirited bill that would provide only $622 million--less than one-third of what is needed in this emergency--without any funding for preventive health care, family planning, or outreach even to those who are at risk of getting Zika. They are still insisting that funding for this public health emergency be fully offset, and the administration should somehow siphon money away from their critical Ebola response and other essential activities in order to fund the Zika efforts. House Republicans clearly feel this health care crisis is an appropriate moment to somehow nickel-and-dime and that it is a good opportunity to prioritize Heritage Action over women and families, but if you are 1 of nearly 300 mothers the CDC is monitoring for likely Zika infection or one of the almost 1,400 people infected so far or one of the millions of expecting mothers nationwide, I bet you would like to know your government is doing everything it can now to tackle this virus. So I am continuing to call on Senate Republicans to get our bipartisan Zika agreement to the House as quickly as possible. Senate Republicans have already said they would be willing to do this if we exchange it for Affordable Health Care Act cuts, and I think they should be just as willing to do it for the sake of women and families who are at risk.  This agreement has strong bipartisan support. It can move through the House, and it can get to the President to be signed into law so our researchers, our scientists, and those in the field can get to work. This Republican-controlled Congress has already waited far too long to act on Zika. We should not wait any longer.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate receives from the House H.R. 5243, that all after the enacting clause be stricken; that the Blunt-Murray substitute amendment to provide $1.1 billion in funding to enhance the Federal response and preparedness with respect to the Zika virus be agreed to; that there be up to 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate.  