  While our hearts are with the families and the communities right now, in the coming days we should have a robust debate about how we can all come together to do everything possible to prevent tragedies like that from happening again.  Madam President, I want to turn to the bill we are considering today, the National Defense Authorization Act, which has been described as one that will modernize the military health system and give the men and women of our military better quality care, better access, and a better experience. It has been described as upholding commitments to our servicemembers. I wish I could stand here and say that I agree with that 100 percent, but there is a glaring problem in this bill. It is a problem that really cuts against the idea that our country should be there for the men and women of our military, who risk so much on our behalf, no matter what.  Go to page 1,455 of this massive bill. Buried in a funding chart, there is one line that would zero out a new program intended to help men and women in our military who suffer catastrophic injuries while fighting on our behalf. I don't know how this line got in there. I don't know who thought it was a good idea. I don't know why, but I do know what this is: It is absolutely wrong, and we ought to fix it. That is why I have come to the Senate floor repeatedly over the past week to urge my colleagues to correct this shameful change, and with the clock running down on this bill, now is the time to act.  Let me give this some context. Six months ago the Pentagon announced a pilot program to offer our servicemembers who are getting ready to deploy an opportunity at cryopreservation; in other words, freezing their eggs or sperm. It gave deploying servicemembers not just the ability to have reproductive options in the event they are grievously injured but some deserved peace of mind. It meant they don't have to worry about choosing between defending their country or a chance at having a family someday. This new program was met with widespread praise and relief. It reflected a basic level of respect for servicemembers who are willing to risk suffering catastrophic injuries on our behalf.  I was hoping this new program was a step we could build on, a move in the right direction, an important part of our larger work to help our warriors who have sustained grievous injuries achieve their dream of starting a family. That is why I was so disturbed when I learned this bill would move us in the other way.  Despite what some of my colleagues have been saying, my amendment very deliberately states that it will not divert money from any other important health programs.  I am here again today to ask unanimous consent to have a vote on my amendment that would restore this pilot program. It is hard to imagine any of my colleagues standing up to say that men and women who are willing to make the ultimate sacrifice for their country and for all of us should be denied a shot at their dream of a family. I am hopeful we can have a vote on this, and I encourage my colleagues to support it and step away from what would be a truly shameful mistake.  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to offer amendment No. 4490, relating to fertility treatments, and that the Senate vote in relation to the amendment, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the vote.  