 President, I came to the floor yesterday to talk about a truly shameful change that is buried away in this bill. It is a change that would put us on a path to go back on a promise that we made to our servicemembers just 6 months ago and a change, if left unfixed, that will pull the rug out for men and women in the Armed Forces who are prepared to make the highest sacrifice for the country they love.  In case any of my colleagues are unaware, a single line in this massive Defense bill on page 1,455, buried in the funding chart, would zero out a new program that is intended to help men and women in our military realize their dream of having a family even if they go on to suffer catastrophic injuries when they are fighting on our behalf. I don't know how this line got in there, I don't know who thought it was a good idea, and I don't know why, but what I do know is this: It is wrong and it has to be fixed.  I just want to tell my colleagues that 6 months ago the Pentagon announced a pilot program that would offer servicemembers who are getting ready to deploy an opportunity at cryopreservation--in other words, freezing their eggs or sperm. This new program gave our deploying servicemembers not just the ability to have reproductive options in the event they are grievously injured but some deserved peace of mind. It took us a step forward in the promise we have made to our servicemembers to support them when they sacrifice so much for us, and it meant they wouldn't have to worry about choosing between defending their country or a chance of having a family some day.  This new program was met with widespread praise and relief. Men and women who were getting ready to deploy--many of whom were thinking about exploring cryopreservation, using their own money if they could afford it--were assured that their country had their back.  While the pilot program was not groundbreaking, these services have long been available in the private sector, and, in fact, fertility preservation techniques have been used by the British Armed Forces for years. It reflected a basic level of respect for servicemembers who are willing to risk suffering catastrophic injuries on our behalf, and it sent a clear message that no matter what happens to them on the battlefield, we will be ready to stand with them with whatever they need.  I was hoping this new program was a step we could build on, a move in the right direction, an important part of our larger work to help our warriors who sustained grievous injuries achieve their dream of starting a family, which is why I was so upset when I learned this bill would move us the other way. It would take this promise we just made to our warriors and toss it in the trash. It would be a slap in the face to the men and women who serve us proudly and heroically. And honestly, it is the wrong thing to do.  Many people here in the Senate are quick to honor our military with their words, but for the men and women who signed up to fight on our behalf and are looking ahead to potentially massive sacrifices, we owe them so much more than that. We owe them action, respect, and a shot at their dream of having a family. We need to fix this bill. We owe them that much.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to offer Murray amendment No. 4490 relating to fertility treatments and that the Senate vote in relation to this amendment with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the vote.  