 President, I want to start by expressing my appreciation to all of my colleagues who are joining me on the floor today, and I thank them for all the work they do every day for women and their health care.  As of last week, the CDC reported nearly 900 cases of Zika here in the United States and three U.S. territories, including actually two confirmed in my home State of Washington.  A recent survey showed that 40 percent of adults in the United States seethe Zika virus as the reason to delay starting a family. Like so many of my colleagues, I am hearing from women across my State who are very frightened about this virus. They want to know how to travel safely in light of Zika. They want to know whether they should wait to start their families. Tragically, I am hearing from expectant mothers who are concerned about what this virus could mean for the babies they have on the way.  Women and families at home and abroad need Congress to take action against this virus, to help raise awareness about its impact, to expand access to contraception and family planning, to improve vector control, and to accelerate our efforts to find a vaccine. That is why for months Democrats have urged Republicans to come to the table and work with us on making sure we put the needed resources into this fight against Zika.  The administration has put forward a strong proposal, but Republicans refused to even consider it. While some in the Republican Party indicated last week they wanted to work with us on emergency supplemental funding, it has become pretty clear that unfortunately they have been beaten back by the extreme rightwing who do not want to do anything at all. These extreme conservatives do not recognize that Zika is an emergency. They don't want to give the administration a penny more. As a result of that delay, we are behind the eight ball as mosquito season comes this summer.  That is why we have come to the floor together today to send a very clear message to Republicans today: We need action now. Women simply cannot afford to wait, and they should not have to. Democrats are ready to get this done as soon as possible. And for families and communities who are looking to Congress for action, I hope Republicans join us now so that we can deliver what families are asking for in our country.  Thank you.  I yield the floor.  