 President, I am on the floor this afternoon, along with my good friend and colleague, the senior Senator from Connecticut. He is going to be here shortly to speak as well, and I thank him for his leadership throughout the NDAA process.  We are here because we strongly believe that in Congress we should be working on ways to boost economic security for more families and help our economy grow from the middle out, not from the top down. A fundamental part of that is making sure our companies pay workers fairly and provide them with safe workplaces and treat them with respect. Unfortunately, Senator Blumenthal and I have come to the floor to speak against a provision that would seriously undermine the spirit of bipartisanship we have cultivated thus far.  As it stands, this bill contains a provision that would help shield defense contractors that steal money out of their workers' paychecks or refuse to pay the minimum wage. It would help protect the companies that violate workplace safety laws while receiving taxpayer dollars, and it would allow companies with a history of discriminating against women, people of color, and individuals with disabilities to continue receiving defense contracts, and to me that is unacceptable.  For too long, the Federal Government has awarded billions of taxpayer dollars to companies that rob workers of their paychecks and fail to maintain safe working conditions. To help right those wrongs, President Obama issued the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive order, and I was very proud to support him.  Under the new proposed guidelines, when a company applies for a Federal contract, they will need to be upfront about their safety, health, and labor violations over the past 3 years. That way, government agencies can consider an employer's record of providing workers with a safe workplace and paying workers what they have earned before granting or renewing Federal contracts. To be clear, the new rules do not prevent these companies from winning Federal contracts. The new protections will just improve transparency so government agencies are aware of the company's violations and can help them come into compliance with the law. These are worker protection laws that are already on the books, including laws that affect our veterans, such as the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974.  This will have some major benefits for our workers and taxpayers. First of all, it will help hold Federal contractors accountable. American taxpayers should have the basic guarantee that their dollars are going to responsible contractors that will not steal from their workers or expose their workers to safety hazards. This will help protect basic worker rights and that in turn will help expand economic security for more working families and, finally, this new protection will help level the playing field for businesses that follow our laws.  These businesses should not have to compete with corporations that cut corners and put their workers' safetyat risk or cheat workers on their paychecks. It will also have another benefit. Some of these same irresponsible companies that exploit their workers are also irresponsible when it comes to staying on schedule and on budget.  One report found that among the companies that had the most egregious workplace violations between 2005 and 2009, one-quarter of them also had significant performance problems like cost overruns and schedule delays. So these new rules will help the Federal Government choose contractors that are actually efficient and effective, which in return will help save taxpayer dollars.  Rewarding efficient and effective contractors should be a bipartisan goal, but unfortunately some of my colleagues want to give defense contractors a special carve-out from these crucial accountability measures and, to me, that is unacceptable.  It is time to stop rewarding Federal contractors that have a history of violating workers' rights. That is why I support the amendment of my colleague from Connecticut, which will make sure the Defense Department considers all companies' full record before granting or renewing their Federal contracts.  Like many of our colleagues, I am focused on leveling the playing field for companies that do the right thing by their workers, protect American taxpayers, and boost economic security for our workers. That is why I remain strongly opposed to the damaging provision in the underlying bill, and I do hope our colleagues will join us in supporting our amendment to undo the carve-out and allow these critical protections for our workers to be implemented as they were intended.  I thank the Presiding Officer.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  