President, I would ask the distinguished Senator from Arizona, it is my understanding section 116, the anticrowdout section from the previous bill--meaning SCHIP II which passed both the House and the Senate by big majorities last year, and was recommended by some of us as the first bill that should come up this year so we could demonstrate bipartisan support, thinking, of course, the anticrowdout legislation would be in it. It is my understanding that section 116 was left out of the SCHIP bill that we are considering today.  Section 116 required that all States submit a State plan amendment detailing how each State will implement best practices to limit crowdout--the very problem the Senator has been talking about. It also required the Government Accountability Office to issue a report describing the best practices by States in addressing the issue of SCHIP crowdout. Finally, it required the Secretary of HHS to ensure that States which include higher income populations in their SCHIP program to cover a target rate of low-income children, or these States would not receive any Federal payment. This is the very thing we are talking about here whereby under H.R. 2, two States are allowed to expand eligibility up to 400 percent of poverty--that is $88,200--and then you allow income disregards on top of that--that is a marvelous term: ``income disregard''--which allow you to subtract $10,000 for your car; $10,000 for your house; $10,000 for your food, clothing, whatever; up to $40,000 on top of $88,200--how on Earth am I going to explain to a Kansas taxpayer, an Arizona taxpayer, any taxpayer that you are giving a program intended for low-income kids to children of people earning $128,000?  At any rate: Section 116 required that states that included these higher income populations in their SCHIP programs cover a target rate of low-income children, or these States would not receive any Federal payment for such higher income children. That was section 116. What happened to that?  