 What the distinguished Senator is trying to do is bring some common sense to the cuts to a very vital source of health care, not only to rural areas but all over this country, and that is home health care. The bill we are considering, the bill sometimes called the``behind closed doors'' bill, would cut home health care by $42 billion.  The Senator from Nebraska says that is a head-scratcher, and it certainly is. It is more than a head scratcher; it is a Lizzie Borden amputation in regard to a vital program.  Home health care is critical for our seniors. Obviously, that is the truth. As the cochair of the Senate Rural Health Care Caucus, I certainly understand that. So does the Senator from Nebraska. He was saying yesterday how many times he visits his rural hospitals, rural clinics, rural hospices, and you do that a lot if you are from Nebraska or Iowa or Texas or Kansas.  At any rate, in my home State of Kansas and other rural areas, many seniors live alone or out in the country miles away from a local hospital or a doctor's office. Even if they have a very good doctor, they can't get there because of their health condition. So home health care allows those seniors the freedom and the independence to stay in their home in the comfort of knowing somebody is there assisting their health care needs. More importantly, home health care is the cost-effective care, as the Senator from Nebraska has pointed out, that keeps the senior out of a nursing home or hospital and--guess what--saves the government money. Over the long term, if you cut home health care, you are going to increase the cost in regard to nursing homes, no question about it.  In my State I have had the pleasure of being able to see firsthand, as has the Senator from Nebraska, the great work our Kansas Home Health Care Association members do every day. Last year I was invited into the home of a lovely couple in Concordia, KS, America, not too far from Nebraska, and despite having multiple health issues, Duane and Phyllis were able to stay in their home with their little dog Josie, all thanks to the services provided by a home health care aide and a home nurse.  What is going to happen to seniors such as Duane and Phyllis if we slash $42 billion from home health care payments? Forty-two billion dollars is one of the largest Medicare cuts in the whole bill next to Medicare Advantage and the hospitals. The Senator from Nebraska had that chart showing serious cuts to all of our providers. Don't forget that this cut comes on the heels of several years of additional cuts to home health care--around $35 billion all told--that already have a large percentage of Kansas home health care agencies operating at very slim or negative Medicare margins. I know the same is true in Iowa, and the same is true in Texas, in Montana, in Nebraska, and all over the country.  I keep hearing my colleagues, however, on the other side of the aisle insisting that their $\1/2\ trillion cut to all Medicare--here is the quote--``won't affect the benefits guaranteed to seniors.'' Please stop that. Please stop that. That is the most disingenuous smokescreen in this whole debate. It may be true that this bill does not explicitly cut benefits. My friends across the aisle, however, cannot deny that their cuts in reimbursements to providers will affect those benefits, because when you cut the reimbursements to providers, guess who pays the price. The patients--Duane and Phyllis and their little dog Josie. I tell you what. You come to their house and you make that argument that if you close down or make cuts to home health care, Duane is not going to like it, Phyllis is not going to like it, and Josie will bite you on your leg.  As I said, many of my Kansas home health care agencies are already operating at negative margins. Their projected share of these cuts, as provided by the distinguished Senator from Nebraska, is almost $240 million. To the Senator from Montana, the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee, my dear friend, that is $60 million in Montana; and Nevada, where the distinguished majority leader lives, the chart that has been provided to me by the Senator, $263 million.  We have Senator Cornyn sitting right behind me here. Senator Cornyn, you are in the $6.8 billion category for Texas. I might ask the Senator, What is going to happen if you get cut $6.8 billion in regard to home health care service?  