President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Montana and my chairman of the Finance Committee.  Let me say first to the Senators from Washington State that I think all Senators appreciate both Senators bringing to the attention of the Senate the heartfelt feelings in regard to the tragedy that happened in their State. I share their dismay with regard to what has happened. I know the thoughts and prayers of all Senators are with them. I appreciate the remarks they have brought to the body at this time.  I would now like to discuss briefly the motion to commit in regard to Medicare and the tremendous cuts that are proposed in the bill--a bill I define not as the Finance Committee bill, not as the HELP Committee bill, but the bill that was done behind closed doors, which I think was most unfortunate.  This bill slashes--and I think that is the appropriate word--nearly $\1/2\ trillion from Medicare. Then it is used to establish a huge new government entitlement program.  Earlier this year during the Finance Committee markup of the health care reform legislation, I offered a nearly identical amendment to the McCain motion to commit we are now considering, which is a motion simply to send the legislation back to the Finance Committee with instructions to strike the cuts to Medicare in this bill. Unfortunately, my amendment during that time failed in committee on a party-line vote.  Let me see if I understand this correctly. Medicare is going broke. It has around $38 trillion in projected future unfunded liabilities. It is a huge, crushing entitlement program that threatens to bankrupt this country. But instead of owning up to this enormous threat and doing something about it for our financial future, instead of considering a Medicare reform bill to address this menace to future generations of Americans, instead of guaranteeing that the government-run plan we currently have remains solvent, instead we are actually cutting some $465 billion from Medicare in order to start a brandnew, huge, crushing entitlement program that makes no sense.  If Medicare needs to be reformed--and I certainly believe it does--then we should be considering a Medicare reform bill right now. We certainly should not be cutting Medicare for the purpose of financing a huge new entitlement program.  My friends on the other side of the aisle have the temerity--that is a pretty strong word, but I think it applies--to assert these huge cuts will actually make Medicare more solvent. Nothing could be further from the truth. I have news for them. Cutting reimbursements to doctors, cutting reimbursements to hospitals and other providers--all providers--and it has been mentioned by my distinguished colleague from Nebraska--home health care providers, hospices is not reform. These cuts will hurt Medicare beneficiaries, our seniors who have worked their entire lives with the promise that this program would support them through their older age.  Medicare already pays doctors and hospitals well below cost--70 percent approximately for hospitals, 80 percent for doctors approximately. The only saving grace is that these providers have the ability to shift their losses on to private payers to keep their doors open or their practices going. But there is a limit to their ability to cost shift. There is only so much the private sector is willing to absorb.  American families already pay--now get this--an extra $90 billion in a hidden tax to make up the Medicare and Medicaid underpayments that we in past years have provided each year. More cuts to reimbursements coupled with the massive increase to Medicaid this bill assumes will push these limits, meaning that fewer doctors will open their doors to new Medicare patients. They are doing that right now. We are rationing right now as to access to doctors who accept Medicare patients, and health care access and quality for our seniors will be compromised.  Take the $105.5 billion cut to hospitals as an example. I know the National Hospital Organization has signed off on these cuts. I don't know why, but they have signed off on these cuts. I also know for a fact they will harm Kansas hospitals. I asked my Kansas Hospital Association--I did, at my request--to run the numbers on how this bill will affect their bottom lines. Their findings are frightening.  According to the Kansas Hospital Association's outside experts, this bill will result in nearly $1.5 billion in losses to Kansas hospitals over the next 10 years. It may be true that some urban hospitals that currently have large percentages of uninsured patients may have some of their cuts offset by the potential reduction this bill will make to the uninsured population. But that is no consolation to a hospital in McPherson, KS, for example, that may be too large to qualify for the higher reimbursements allotted for what we call critical access hospitals, and has, unfortunately, the misfortune of serving a smaller than average uninsured base. Those hospitals will see huge cuts without seeing any of the gains. This bill's $100 billion cut will only hurt these hospitals and their ability to serve Medicare and even non-Medicare patients. Remember the cost sharing.  Medicare's own actuaries at CMS, the Center for Medical Services--sort of an oxymoron--have agreed that the Democrats' cuts to hospitals and other providers could be dangerous and could cause them to end their participation in Medicare. So why are we doing this?  Another huge cut to Medicare in this bill is that $120 billion cut to the Medicare Advantage Program. My distinguished colleague from Nebraska has already talked about that, the effects of Medicare Advantage to Nebraska. Let me talk about Kansas. Close to 11 million, or one-quarter, of Medicare beneficiaries are enrolled in Medicare Advantage; 40,000 of those beneficiaries are in Kansas. I want to read an excerpt from one letter I received from a very satisfied Medicare Advantage customer in Shawnee, KS. Ms. Lila J. Collette is enrolled in Humana Gold Plus, a Medicare Advantage plan. She writes:       Please use everything in your power to let me and the many,      many other people in Kansas who have chosen Humana Gold Plus      to keep this wonderful plan.  Ms. Collette is not alone. Satisfaction rates among seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans are very high. I know they are very unpopular to the other side and there are a lot of allegations made, but these people made that decision on their own, so why are we essentially gutting this program that provides quality and choice to our seniors?  I could go on about the cuts to hospice, home health care providers, nursing homes, but I think you get the point. I disagree with the failure to prioritize the solvency of Medicare over the establishment, again, of new government programs. And I certainly will never agree to financing these government expansions by bleeding the Medicare Program dry.  That is why, as I have said, I offered amendments in the Finance Committee markup that would have struck these Medicare cuts. Again, unfortunately, they were defeated on a party-line vote.  As the President is fond of saying, ``Let me be clear.'' This bill is funded on the backs of our seniors and those who provide Medicare to our seniors. This bill slashes Medicare by $\1/2\ trillion. This bill threatens access to care for seniors and health care for all Americans. I hope my colleagues will join me in opposing these cuts by voting for the McCain motion to commit.  This is the key vote. Don't kid yourselves, this is the key vote. You are either for protecting Medicare or not.  I yield the floor.  