The Senator from Nebraska has already pointed out what happens in Nebraska, and I know what will happen in Kansas. Nearly two-thirds of Kansas home health care agencies will have negative margins within only 5 years, probably 2 or 3, if these cuts are allowed to occur.  How are these agencies supposed to stay in business with these kinds of cuts? The home health care benefit will be worthless to a Kansas Medicare patient whose home health care agencies will go out of business. So, yes, in fact, this bill will effectively cut benefits. Again, get rid of the smokescreen.  This doesn't apply just to the home health care benefit. The same can be said for the effect of the cuts, as demonstrated by the Senator from Nebraska, for reimbursements to hospitals. This bill is going to cost the Kansas Hospital Association $1.5 billion. They have some outside experts who came in. I asked them: What is going to be the effect of the cuts? They already have cuts. They only get reimbursed 70 percent now, and $1.5 billion on top of that. We ought to have a chart--and I am sure we will have a chart--that would show Iowa or Nebraska or any State here, Texas especially, because of the number of folks there. So hospitals, hospices, skilled nursing facilities, and all of the rest.  I want every senior to know that while maybe it is technically accurate, again, for my friends across the aisle to claim this bill doesn't cut Medicare benefits, there is no way--no way--you can slash $\1/2\ trillion from payments to providers without affecting their ability to keep their door open, especially in rural and small town America. Seniors should know they will be left with a worthless benefit. To paraphrase my friend Senator Alexander from Tennessee, it would be like having a bus ticket without a bus.  Thank you, Senator Johanns. Thank you for the work you are doing. Thank you for this motion. I hope we are successful. I hope people will wake up and understand the severity of what these cuts will do. I urge every Member of this Senate to support Senator Johanns when we come to a vote on this issue.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kaufman). The Senator from Montana is recognized.  