I thank the Senator from Tennessee, not only for his statement but for his constant efforts. Facts are stubborn things. Yet he has pointed out basically what this report now confirms. During the last few months we have seen some commentary that says ``scare tactics,'' of all things. I happen to have the privilege of being the chairman of the Rural Health Care Caucus. I was in the House of Representatives when I had the privilege of serving there and I am a cochairman with Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa. There are about 30 of us who, from time to time, will correspond and meet and send messages back and forth to try to keep the rural health care delivery system viable.  We have been worried for some time in regard to what is going to happen to Medicare, what is going to happen in regard to cost, what is going to happen in regard to rationing. Every hospital director, every hospital board in rural America has worried about these things--more especially about CMS, which has been described here in detail. That is the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  I have to tell you, if you are a hospital administrator or if you are on the board of a local hospital in a rural area, and you hear the word CMS, it is probably not viewed in the best of considerations, that CMS is in charge of enforcing what H2S comes down with. So in terms of reimbursement, in terms of all things--competitive bidding--and I am talking about doctors, hospitals, nursing homes, home health care, hospice, all of this--when they hear the word CMS a cold chill goes down the back of their neck, more or less like expecting Lizzy Borden to come in the front door.  So I am especially glad that the actuary, Mr. Richard Foster, the Chief Actuary from CMS, has shined the light of truth into darkness. He has taken the original bill we have been talking about for some time, as my colleague has pointed out, and said basically this bill is going to increase costs and is going to result in rationing. It does not take into consideration the latest iteration that we hear from the press and media about including people 55 to 65 into Medicare. It is going to be interesting, if we have enough time--although I know that the distinguished majority leader has asked for a CBO score--but I would sure like to know what Mr. Foster would think of that idea. I think it would be far worse.  I encourage all of my colleagues who belong to the Rural Health Care Caucus to take a very hard look at this. This confirms what we have been saying for some time. These are not scare tactics, these are actual facts.  Let me say, too, I know when this debate first started some of the national organizations that represent doctors and hospitals, perhaps nursing homes--certainly not any home health care--well, I take that back. There was a letter written by the home health care folks at one time, but certainly not hospices--indicating that they were lukewarm, warm to the bill, or would perhaps support it. I think the message was pretty clear--come to the breakfast or you won't come to lunch. That was pretty bare knuckles but they hoped that at least by insuring those who have insurance, that would make their situation better.  Then, of course, came the latest iteration to this bill of putting in people 55 to 65, and the national association, in regard to our doctors and our hospitals, said: Whoa.  Let me point out in Kansas and in many States throughout the country there never was the support. They knew exactly what would happen if we passed this bill and CMS would come knocking on their door. I might add it wouldn't be CMS that would actually do that, it would be the Internal Revenue Service under this bill, and that was one consideration where I made about a 15-minute speech and obviously not too many people paid attention. But all patients, all doctors, all nurses, all clinical lab folks, anybody connected with the home health care industry or hospice or nursing homes or whatever, should have known it is going to be the IRS that is going to enforce this as well as CMS, which has been doing most of the enforcing.  In Kansas, the Kansas Medical Society said: No, no, we are not going to go along with this bill. I am talking about the bill we have been talking about for some time. The Kansas Hospital Association was adamant. They said no. Obviously that was because of advice they got from 128 hospitals in my State, saying: No, we cannot reconcile with this because of cost, because of the rationing. We are only being reimbursed at 70 percent or less, as we talk about it--and the doctors about 80 percent.  Many doctors do not serve Medicare now in Kansas. Let me rephrase that. Some doctors don't serve Medicare in Kansas. If this bill passes, a lot of doctors simply will not serve Medicare. You can have the best plan or the best card in the world, it is not going to make any difference if you can't see a doctor. It is not worth a dime.  Then I have to say the Kansas Nursing Home Association and Kansas Home Health Care folks and the Kansas Hospice folks all said: No, this is not where we want to go. This is self-defeating. This is not going to do what the sponsors of the bill and what everybody for health care reform hoped they would actually see happen.  I don't know what the word is, I am--not overwhelmed, I am extremely glad; I am somewhat surprised but I am extremely glad that CMS again shined the light of truth into darkness. I commend Mr. Foster, the chief actuary. I recommend this as required reading for everybody who was going to vote for this bill and certainly with the latest iteration, where we are adding anywhere from 10 to 20 to 30 million people to Medicare, which will make the situation much worse in regard to Medicare being actuarially sound and costs going up, premiums going up, and also rationing, the dreaded rationing. It is not a scare tactic but actually a fact.  I yield my time.  