I rise today to talk about health care in general and the latest proposal to come out in the form of the so-called compromise, if there is no objection. I wish to talk about the latest proposal to come out from what some of us have determined is the majority leader's behind-closed-doors effort for the compromise on the government-run health insurance plan. I will admit very readily I do not know all of the details of this plan, although I hope to in the very near future. I think most of my friends across the aisle are in the same boat and we are all getting our information from the Post, the Times, and the rest of the catch-up media.  But this is the compromise, as I understand it: The majority leader will drop the government plan in exchange for two major policies: first, a national insurance plan run by nonprofit insurance companies and supervised by the Office of Personnel Management; and second, a massive expansion of Medicare to tens of millions of people age 55 and older.  Putting aside the first policy which, frankly, I don't understand how it could possibly work, I cannot believe anyone is seriously considering expanding Medicare as a compromise to the government-run or so-called public option. It doesn't take a genius to see that a huge expansion of Medicare is, as one single-payer advocate in the House dubbed it, ``the mother of all public plans,'' further quoting: ``An unvarnished and complete victory'' for advocates of single-payer health care and socialized medicine. That is a very strong quote, but that is the way it was.  In other words, this is not a compromise to the public option--it is worse. Maybe we need to remind ourselves why moving toward more government control of our health care system is such a bad idea. We need look no further than our current government-run insurance plans, Medicare and Medicaid, for examples. Government-run insurance plans currently control nearly half of the market. With the government's power, they have the ability to set payment levels for doctors and hospitals and home health care agencies and even hospices and all other health care providers, not based on the actual costs those providers incur when treating patients, but instead based on whatever arbitrary spending target the budget crunching bean counters determine the government can afford.  To paraphrase one observer: These types of global government budgets transform patients from sources of revenue over which providers compete to attract and serve, into sources of cost for the government to avoid, shunt off, and treat as cheaply as possible. That is not right. This has clearly been the result in the Medicare Program, often heralded as the best of all of the government's health care programs.  So to review: Medicare has been on an ever shrinking path toward bankruptcy for years. The latest reportsfrom the Medicare trustees say the hospital insurance trust fund will go broke within the next 8 years. The program has $38 trillion in unfunded liabilities. How has the government responded? By severely underpaying Medicare providers and denying Medicare patients' claims. Medicare only pays doctors around 80 percent of their costs, and hospitals even lower.  Privately insured Americans pay a hidden tax of nearly $90 billion a year to make up for these underpayments. But even that hasn't been enough to keep some providers in business and able to afford to accept Medicare patients. Medicaid is even worse. Medicare is also a huge denier of claims. I think many of my colleagues would be surprised to hear that Medicare denies claims more often than most private insurance companies. In fact, in 2008, Medicare had the highest percentage and the highest number of denied claims in the country. Think about that when you hear some Senators demonize private insurance companies for denying claims. Medicare is even worse.  This bill already exacerbates these Medicare problems by cutting almost $\1/2\ trillion from this already woefully underfunded program. Now we are considering adding even more people. This is a sinking ship with no lifeboats, and we are adding more folks to the deck.  By underpaying health care providers and denying claims, Medicare already rations health care. Expanding Medicare to tens of millions of new people as envisioned by this compromise we hear about will take government rationing to a whole new level. Because as the government takes over more of the health care system and becomes responsible for more of the increasing costs of that system, the only way it will be able to afford this commitment is to ration health care. As I have said countless times before, this bill gives the government all the tools it requires to ration care.  From Comparative Effectiveness Research, to the independent Medicare advisory board, to the new powers granted to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS and the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, this bill puts the rationing infrastructure into place. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force's recent change to its guidelines pertaining to mammograms was a perfect illustration of how your health care will be rationed under this bill. For those who don't know, the task force recently reversed its longstanding advice that women should start getting regular mammograms to detect breast cancer at age 40.  Why is this important? Because under this bill, the recommendations of this task force will carry the weight of law for both government-run--i.e., Medicare--and private insurance. If the task force recommends a particular treatment or a particular set of patients, then Medicare and private insurers must cover it. If it doesn't, they don't.  What do you think will happen to treatments and tests that don't get the task force's recommendation? They simply will not be covered. That is how the government will hold down health care costs, by rationing access to treatments and tests such as mammograms.  Some government-controlled health care systems such as the one that exists in the United Kingdom are much more explicit about rationing. The rationing in this bill, quite frankly, is not as honest. Since Americans would never stand for the government explicitly rationing their health care, the authors of this bill had to come up with a pseudoscientific justification for rationing, and that justification is the main feature of this bill: Comparative Effectiveness Research, or CER.  Very generally, it is very simple. CER is the comparison of two or more treatment options to see which one is better. Sounds great, right? Except when you realize that CER is not being conducted for the purpose of improving patient care but for the purpose of saving the government money instead.  I read the CER section of the bill and I remember my amendment on CER and the distinguished chairman of the HELP Committee was very helpful, and said he would study it overnight. Because I had the word ``prohibit'' in the amendment we got into a great debate on what prohibit means. I thought it was pretty clear but, unfortunately, that was dropped from the bill, from the HELP Committee bill. We tried that again in Finance. It didn't work. We would like to try it again if we have time.  This bill establishes a CER institute to conduct this research for the purpose of justifying government rationing of health care. CER will be the golden ring of rationing.  So what we have here is a recipe for disaster: a bill that already significantly weakens the woefully underfunded Medicare Program and lays the foundation for a rationing infrastructure, plus a ``compromise'' that apparently will pour millions of more people into the program.  In the no-holds barred search for a proposal that can attract 60 votes, I don't understand how any Senator can support this idea.  This is just another Trojan horse, another incremental step toward the single-payer system. Again, as one House Member in the leadership observed:       This gets not only the camel's nose under the tent, but his      whole head and neck, too.  It is another step toward socialized medicine and increased government rationing of health care.  The American Hospital Association, American Medical Association, and the Federation of American Hospitals are finally taking notice of the advice they are receiving from their State and local hospitals and doctors. They, finally, have seen the light and have come out in opposition to this deal at least.  I urge my friends across the aisle to resist this latest misguided attempt at deal making. The consequences are too dangerous.  There is an awful lot of cactus in this health care world. I don't think we need to sit on each and every one of them.  Before yielding back my time, I truly thank the distinguished Senator from Connecticut for his comity and allowing me to make these debate comments. I thank the acting Presiding Officer in his effort to be bipartisan.  I think we will have a sad day in this body if one side or the other gets into a situation where we do not allow people to make remarks on not only the pending bills and specifically on the general issue of health care.  