It has been a seminal event. As I said before, I have the privilege of being chairman of the Rural Health Care Caucus. There are probably 30 of us in a bipartisan caucus to try to protect and improve the rural health care delivery system. I took that report by Mr. Foster, who is the actuary of CMS, and said, this is required reading. I made the point that if you mention CMS to a beleaguered hospital administrator or a member of the board or any medical provider--doctor, nursing home, home health care, hospice; even hospice is cut in regard to the cuts--they know if a CMS representative is knocking on the door, that is a lot like sending a cold shiver down their spine thinking it is Lizzie Borden. Of all of the agencies that now are shining the light of truth into darkness in regard to the nature of this bill in increased costs, and yes, rationing--no, it is not a scare tactic--CMS is that agency. It would be amazing if we could get CMS to report back on, if we knew what it was--the media reports are how we get the information on this new iteration of a bill where allegedly we are going to add in people from 55 years old into the Medicare system. You do that, and now all of a sudden even the national organizations, let alone the State provider associations who have been opposed to this, to say, Whoa, we can't do that. That is going to break the system.  What I wish to point out and what I think is another piece of information that has sort of been overlooked, the CBO has estimated the cost to the Internal Revenue Service to implement taxes and penalties and enforce them--I am talking about the IRS now, not CMS, but the IRS that is going to implement and administer and enforce taxes and penalties on the bill--that cost is $10 billion estimated by CBO. That would double the budget size of the IRS. We have to train these people, and then you have to figure out what kind of questions they are going to ask of employers and employees in regard to the fines and the fees, you have to read the fine print. The American people understand this tremendous tax increase is going to be administered by the IRS and that is not going to be a happy circumstance. But those two things that the leader has brought out are absolutely primary in this debate.  I think a side-by-side is a straw man. I think it is very clear about that. I amhappy to comment on that further. I wish to give others an opportunity to speak.  