President, I find myself in a rather unique position here. If you look in the bio sections of all of the outfits that keep herd on us, they will record me as a journalist. That is an unemployed newspaper man, by the way.  But I have a great family tradition in journalism, three generations, four generations, actually, of the Roberts family and the State's second oldest newspaper in Kansas. I still carry around my reporter's notebook, have great respect for those of the fourth estate. We shine the light of truth with our own individual flashlight.  I do not think I have ever done this in 28 years of public service, but I am irritated. I am more than irritated. I rise today to clear up some recent flagrant mischaracterizations about Medicare payments, especially since the Medicare payments are now being used as a target as a pay-for for the health care reform, the alleged health care reform that Senator Enzi was talking about, specifically the statements made on the front page of today's Washington Post, the fountain of all knowledge here in Washington, in an article entitled ``Obama Eyes the Purse Strings for Medicare.''  I would describe this article--I read it. I read it again. I was a relatively happy person, watching the weather--I do not watch the news much--had my cup of coffee, was going to turn to the sports pages. Then I happened to glance at this, read it, and ruined my whole morning. I came in, I was mean with the staff and everything else. So I thought I better get it off my chest.  This article is patronizing. It is condescending. The bad part about it is it is egregious in nature and effect at a crucial time in the health care debate, and that is most unfortunate.  The author of this article describes what she sees as ``one of the most effective and lucrative forms of constituent service,'' i.e. setting reimbursement rates for local hospitals, doctors, home health care centers, and other health care providers.  Oh, I wish I had that power, as opposed to CMS, which is the subagency, the acronym agency for the Department of Health and Human Services, that does set reimbursement rates for all health care providers in the United States.  The author continues, accusing ``longtime Members of Congress'' of such atrocities as ``championing New York City's teaching hospitals'' and making sure ``rural health services are amply funded.'' In this author's mind, these hospitals and other providers are ``flush.'' Flush with Medicare cash as a result.  I must admit in my 28 years in Congress, I have absolutely been one of those dastardly Members intent on making darn sure that the rural health care delivery system can remain alive and serve our people, even if it has to be kept on life support, which is the true characterization of what we face.  I wonder, since it never appears anywhere in the person's article, in her article, if the author of this piece is aware that the average Medicare reimbursement rate for doctors is about 80 percent of what the commercial market pays or that Medicare only pays about 70 percent of the market rates for hospitals. That is why we have hospital after hospital after hospital for decades in Kansas passing bond issues just to keep their doors open. These are not flush places. These are not posh places in regard to hospitals.  Then I go back to the fact that doctors get paid 80 percent. That is why doctors, many of them, are refusing to take--in regard to Medicare--patients. And that is that terrible word that people say is too scary, that is called rationing, that when we set a reimbursement rate, we, meaning the CMS--no, not individual Members of Congress, as the article infers--but these agencies cannot reimburse doctors enough so they can make a living, or other health care providers, that they cease providing Medicare to seniors.  What does the senior do then? Well, they are in a very difficult situation. How do you think these providers survive? The answer is that they shift that loss onto the private market to the tune of nearly $90 billion a year.  Let me repeat that. Everybody who goes to the hospital, everybody who goes to a doctor and has private insurance, you are paying $90 billion a year in a hidden tax in regard to the people who basically are not covered by Medicare and by Medicaid, if, in fact, you would do what the President has suggested, and maybe take some money--``eyes the purse strings for Medicare,'' Medicare being a target, Medicare being the service for seniors. Wake up, seniors. Wake up, AARP. Wake up, everyone else in the health care field. We are targeting Medicare.  My word, if any Senator had come down here except during these last 6 months and said: Let's cut Medicare by 10 percent, they would have been excoriated by this newspaper for hurting senior citizens.  Well, in my State of Kansas and in other rural States across the country, we do not have a private market to shift those losses to. Our rural areas do not have the population base to support such a cost shift as $90 billion as happens in the rest of the country. In addition, the folks in these towns are much more likely to depend on Medicare or Medicaid or to simply be uninsured. In short, without some sort of special payment from Medicare, these hospitals would not survive.  You tell me, Washington Post, what you would say to the residents of Smith Center here, top center in Kansas. What would you say to the residents of Smith Center if their hospital closed?  Smith Center is a great town, close to the geographic center of the lower 48 States, has a population of a little less than 2,000 people. They have a great football team, high school football program, Smith Center Redmen, the pride of north central Kansas, one of the greatest small town football teams in America.  The town is served by the Smith County Memorial Hospital, a critical access hospital with 25 beds. For those of you who are unfamiliar with the terminology, a critical access hospital is a rural hospital with 25 beds or less which is at least 35 miles away from another hospital and which provides 24-hour emergency services.  Critical access hospitals get special treatment under Medicare. They get paid 101 percent of their costs for inpatient, outpatient, and swing-bed services. I probably should not mention that or this reporter might run out to Smith Center and say: My goodness, you are getting 101 percent. Sure. She should go out and take a look, and talk to the hospital administrator and the people in that hospital.  In other words, they do not get the usual 70 percent of the market rate reimbursement for Medicare, for a very good reason, because of the distances they would have to travel. Without the critical access hospital program, the closest hospital for the residents of Smith Center would be all the way in Hays, KS, America, right down here 90 miles away. You tell me what a person's chances of survival are after a car accident or a tractor accident if they have to be driven 90 miles away for emergency care.  Smith County Memorial is just one of 83 critical access hospitals in Kansas. They are absolutely essential to the very lives of the people in rural America. Indeed, they are essential to the very existence of rural America at all.  I have the privilege of being the cochairman of the Rural Health Care Caucus, along with Tom Harkin of Iowa. We are fighting tooth and nail, holding on by our fingernails to exist, to provide care to the people who live in these small communities.  I am happy to admit it, I am happy to admit to this reporter--I hope she comes in for a cup of coffee. I would be happy to give her a cup of coffee, no cream or sugar; there might be a little vinegar in it. But at any rate, please come in for a cup of coffee and visit about this. I am happy to admit it. I will bend over backward to preserve the payment rates that allow these hospitals to stay open and to continue to serve the people in Smith Center, KS, and elsewhere all throughout rural America.  I believe this position is completely justified. I sleep just fine at night knowing that I have used my so-called influence through legislation, through the rural health care coalition, through the Finance Committee, through the HELP Committee, to ensure that Medicare pays these hospitals just enough to average a 1-percent Medicare margin, 1 percent, when these hospitals are still fighting for their lives.  I would like to personally invite the author of this article or any other member of the Washington Post editorial board, God love them, to visit some of the rural hospitals in Kansas with me. The reporter's name--I hope I get it right; I apologize if I do not. I really sort of apologize. I am picking on her--is Shailagh Murray.  Shailagh, why don't you come to Kansas with me and let us go out to Smith Center. Here is the hospital. This is this posh resort that you apparently think we finance with Medicare.  It is true, you know, you go through the doors, there are two-inch thick carpets, you go in, there is--let's see, I think there is Mozart's piano concert 21, piano concert No. 21, and they call you by your first name, and you get immediate treatment. Then there are massage facilities and a spa in the back. And that is a lot of what we have in our Dodge City feedlots. That is not the case.  Talk to the CEOs, the doctors, the nurses, and the patients. Walk around this small hospital and see the equipment and the facilities. Flush with the Medicare cash? Come on. And flush with Medicare cash that is somehow influenced by individual Members of Congress? I wish. I have been fussing and fighting and feuding and pleading and cajoling with CMS to try at least to get these payments to doctors and hospitals up to the level that they can continue to exist.  Flush with Medicare cash? I think not.  Look at this hospital. Do you see anything that would lead to a description of this sort? I am not too sure anybody is going to give up their vacation. They have the finest people in the world. That is our best commodity in rural areas. I am not picking on Smith Center. They are doing a fantastic job with the resources they have. But it just makes me very angry that a Washington, DC, paper and reporter would demonize a program that keeps rural America's heart beating. It is a patronizing and dead-wrong description, and it offends me and the people I am privileged to represent in rural Kansas.  I want to tell Shailagh, Ms. Murray, I am never going to stop fighting for these hospitals no matter how many deals the American Hospital Association cuts with the White House, no matter how many ugly articles are written here in DC. I am rather amazed at the deal the American Hospital Association allegedly cut--$155 billion in cuts to Medicare for senior citizens. Wake up; it is your Medicare. There is going to be more rationing when doctors say: I am sorry, I just can't afford to continue.  That is the target now on the Finance Committee--Medicare. I never thought I would see the day that would happen. But I will not stop fighting for these hospitals. Here we have the American Hospital Association, the Kansas Hospital Association, the Missouri Hospital Association, other hospital associations are not happy with the national association when you crawl in bed and get fleas with the administration. What is the old saying? If you go to bed with the Federal Government, you wake up in the morning and you got something more than a good night's sleep. And that is exactly what has happened with the American Hospital Association.  They come through my door and say: Help, help, please get these reimbursement rates up. Every year, we have done that with Medicare and the Medicare Programs. We are being cut by 11 percent, and the cost of inflation in regard to where we try to practice has gone up 7 percent, and whatever other number they said every year. They blame Republicans. Once in a while, they blame Democrats and say: Why on Earth did you cut Medicare? And now we are using Medicare as a target for health care reform for this bill that is impossible for most people to even comprehend? It is amazing.  The American Hospital Association bought into it with $155 billion in cuts. They come through my door every year when they want to keep the reimbursement rates level. Don't come through my door for at least a month until I calm down. That is my duty to the people of my State. I feel comfortable with that.  I have been a little tough here on a reporter I have never met, obviously. She is spending a lot of her time in the people's house talking with mucky-mucks on the various committees. Those are people with the seniority. I used to be one of those. I used to be somebody. But I urge her to talk to Members who represent rural areas and the rural health care delivery system and understand that this is not a question of this hospital having flush payments. They are hanging by their fingernails just to keep open. It is not true that Members of Congress, even the distinguished Presiding Officer and anybody else who might happen to be listening to my remarks, the great Senator Thune standing to my rear who also represents rural areas and has even a sparser area than I do--it is just not true. This article comes right at the apex of the debate of the health care reform debate. It is just not right.  Let me again say to Shailagh: Why don't you come out to Kansas with me. We will visit with Tom Bell, president of the Kansas Hospital Association. We can go out to Smith Center and visit the hospital or as many hospitals as you want. We will see who is flush in regard to Medicare payments. That is certainly not the case with them.  I think I have made my point. I must say, as a former journalist, former newspaperman, I used to check my facts. I would ask that they do the same.  I yield the floor.  