President, I rise today to express my opposition, my considered opposition, to Judge Sonia Sotomayor's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court.  As Senators, I think we all know we have an obligation to ensure that our courts are filled with qualified and impartial judges.  While Judge Sotomayor has an impressive resume--that is a given--I am concerned that her personal judgments and views will impact her judicial decisions. In addition, I find some of her rulings very troubling.  During the Senate's debate on the nomination of Chief Justice John Roberts, then-Senator Obama stated:     that while adherence to legal precedent and rules of      statutory or constitutional construction will dispose of 95      percent of the cases that come before the Court, so that both      a Scalia or Ginsburg will arrive at the same place most of      the time on those 95 percent of the cases, what matters on      the Supreme Court is those 5 percent of cases that are truly      difficult. In those cases, adherence to precedent and the      rules will only get you through the 25th mile of the      marathon. That last mile can only be determined on the basis      of one's deepest values, one's core concerns, one's broader      perspectives on how the world works, and the depth and      breadth of one's empathy.  Thus the entrance of the ``empathy'' issue to this debate. I respectfully disagree with now-President Obama.  Judges must decide all cases in adherence to legal precedent and rules of statutory or constitutional construction. It does not mean if they do that they do not have empathy. I agree--and I think everybody would agree--everybody on the Supreme Court has empathy. But the role of a judge is not to rule based on his or her own personal judgments but to adhere to the laws as they are written.  While Judge Sotomayor stated during her confirmation hearing that ``it is not the heart that compels conclusions in cases, it is the law,'' I still have concerns regarding her ability to remain impartial. She has made some statements in Law Review articles and speeches that are of serious concern. Iam not convinced that Judge Sotomayor will set aside her personal judgments and views.  While on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Sotomayor joined a four-paragraph ruling on property rights. In Didden v. Village of Port Chester, the appellants claimed that a developer demanded $800,000 in order to avoid condemnation of the property by the city. When the appellants refused to pay the $800,000, they received a petition to initiate condemnation. Although the Second Circuit Court of Appeals dismissed the case, it was noted that relief could not be granted based on the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Kelo v. City of New London. That four-paragraph ruling didn't even provide an in-depth analysis as to how the Kelo ruling applied to the facts at hand. In fact, the Kelo decision acknowledges that ``a city no doubt would be forbidden from taking land for the purpose of conferring a private benefit on a particular party.''  