President, I rise today to talk about health care reform. What else in regard to the interests of the American people and what we are doing here?  As the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, has pointed out in several floor speeches over the past week or so, the desire for health care reform on both sides of the aisle is one that unites this Chamber across both political and geographic boundaries.  Our system of health care produces some of the best care in the world and it is the driver of a substantial share of the medical innovations that have wiped out diseases, improved our comfort, and extended our time on this Earth.  However, this system is not truly accessible to everybody, and that is the problem. That is what this entire debate boils down to: your ability to have access to a doctor, to go see the doctor of your choice when you need to see that doctor.  Solving this problem of access is exceedingly complicated, partly because it evidences itself in so many diverse ways all across the country, so many geographical areas. For example, in our rural areas in Kansas, we are struggling with attracting and retaining doctors and keeping the doors open to our hospitals, to our pharmacies, and clinics. We talk about recruiting athletes. My goodness, the business of recruiting doctors and health care professionals is equally as competitive.  In our urban areas such as Kansas City and Wichita, our providers face very different challenges which are just as daunting and which threaten a patient's ability to access health care.  On top of that, although some 250 million Americans have health insurance, somewhere in the neighborhood of 27 to 47 million, depending on who you are counting and who is talking, do not. That makes accessing health care expensive and very challenging for them.  In addition, the government-run Medicare Program, which is on the verge of bankruptcy, by the way, does not pay doctors and pharmacists and ambulance drivers and nurse clinicians--pardon me, clinical lab folks and home health care providers and almost every health care provider that you can name--they do not pay them enough to cover their cost. Unless these providers have a non-Medicare population to recoup their losses, they cannot stay in business and their patients lose out--a de facto rationing of health care.  As a member of both the Finance and HELP Committees, and the cochair of the Senate Rural Health Care Caucus, I am able to participate and have been participating, along with staff, in this complex and very difficult effort. We must reform our health care system into one that guarantees meaningful access for all Americans, and guarantees that patient-doctor relationship. However, this effort to date has been a tale of rhetoric versus that of reality, the promise of cooperation contrasted with the unfortunate but real fact of partisanship, something I do not like to say.  Let me explain. President Obama, who ran as a ``postpartisan'' candidate, has made many overtures to Republicans indicating a desire for this process to be bipartisan. He just met with some members of our leadership and obviously the leadership on the other side of the aisle as of today.  Others in the Senate have declared their goal to be a bill that attracts upward of 70 votes. Is that possible? I would hope so. It could be. That would be a tremendous victory for the Senate of the United States and the American people.  But the reality is something very different. Today in the HELP Committee, the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, we have just begun the process of walking through a 615-page bill that we are scheduled to mark up next Tuesday.  This bill does not have one single Republican contribution, as far as I can tell. Moreover, it is incomplete, with many details missing. For example, the small detail of how much it will cost. There is no cost estimate to this bill of 615 pages, just going through it as of today, going to try to mark it up next Tuesday.  Come on. That is not the way we should be doing business. The Finance Committee has conducted a parallel and I think, quite frankly, a better process so far, and I wish to thank Chairman Baucus and Ranking Member Grassley and their staffs for their efforts. But we still have not seen a detailed proposal or cost estimate, and we are being pushed to mark something up in the next few weeks as well.  I want everyone to understand why process is important. Health care reform is important, to be sure. Getting things done obviously is important. But so is process. It is not because I do not want health care reform, nor is any Member in this body in a position to say they do not want health care reform. I want every single Kansan, every single American, to be able to see the doctor of their choice when they want to, especially when they have to.  I speak today because this health care reform bill will likely involve one of the biggest, most important votes that I or any one of my colleagues will cast during the time we are privileged to serve in the Senate of the United States. This health care reform bill will affect the lives of every single American. It will reform a system that drives one-sixth of our economy, over 16 million American jobs. It will have consequences for medical science and innovation that improve the lives of not only those of us in this great country but all across the world. When people are really sick, they come to the United States.  This bill will spend upwards of $2 trillion--$2 trillion--our children and grandchildren will have to some day repay. If we are going to do this, we cannot afford to get it wrong. For this reason, I initiated a letter about a week ago on behalf of all of my Republican colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee and on the HELP Committee. I asked the chairmen of those respective committees, the distinguished chairman, Senator Dodd, who is now serving in Senator Kennedy's absence, to give this process the time and the careful consideration it deserves. That was the message of the letter: Give us the time and the very careful consideration this vital issue deserves.  It seems to me our requests have been extremely reasonable. First, please provide us with your detailed plan with enough time for us to read it, to understand it, and get feedback from our constituents back home, the people the bill will affect.  We have done this in the Finance Committee. Goodness knows, I do not know how many panels we have had, how many walk-throughs, how many slide presentations. Boy, that is tough in the afternoon to turn the lights off as Senators and try to pay attention to fact after fact after fact and suggestion after suggestion after suggestion and policy objective after policy objective on each day as we go through the legislative swamp, to try to get this from here.  Our requests, again, I think--I want to say it again. First, you should provide us with your detailed plan with enough time for us to read it, understand it, get feedback from our constituents back home, the people the bill will affect. The reason I said that twice is that every day we had one of these slide shows, every day we had aPowerPoint, every day we got more information, our office would send it back to the providers of health care in Kansas, much in the same fashion as members of the committee would send to it their people, and say: Hey, is this going to work? These are the people who actually do provide the health care.  I know the arguments that say: Well, now, wait a minute. We need to cut out fraud, waste, and abuse, and we need to be much more cost conscious. We need better practices in regard to better medical practices. We need a lot of things to either suggest or to incentivize or to maintain what the health care providers do.  But in the end result, if that person is sick, they are going to have to see a doctor, and they are going to have to see a nurse or some health care provider. So in the end result, we better at least be doing something that the providers say, yes, this makes common sense or you are going to see either one of two things: You are going to see a political revolt when they say, no, we are not going to go down that road or else you are going to see a continuation of rationing where providers say: No, I am not going to take part anymore in the Medicare Program, because I am not getting reimbursed up to cost.  You can have the best government program in the world, you can have the best government card in the world. But if you cannot find a doctor who provides service or a home health care provider who will provide service, or any provider who will provide that service well, where are you?  Second, I would like to see provided the cost estimates from the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Tax Committee. Let us know how much all of this is going to cost. That is extremely important. We are hearing anything from $1 to $2 trillion.  Then, lastly, how will it be paid for? I know we are into an era now where basically we have the printing presses rolling, and we have an Economic Recovery Act and we have many facets of that, we have the stimulus, the omnibus, we had the President's budget and we had TARP, and we had four different other acronyms under TARP, and we did not worry too much about the pay-fors and who was going to pay for it. We let the printing presses roll, because nobody wanted to see economic Armageddon.  Could we have done it better? I think so. But that is yesterday's decision. So we should identify how this will be paid for or are we not going to pay for it. Are we simply going to go ahead--there has been some discussion about some aspects of it that you would not pay for. There are other aspects that we need to go into, because they involve probable tax increases, and now is not the time to be increasing taxes, especially on the small business community, despite the need for health care reform.  I think asking for these details is absolutely fair. I think it is necessary under the circumstances. In fact, I would be ignoring my responsibilities to my constituents in Kansas if I did not demand these conditions be met.  Every single Republican member of the Finance Committee and HELP Committee signed the letter. Every single one expressed a desire to work with our colleagues to achieve bipartisan health care reform.  That brings me back to today's HELP Committee walk-through of 615 pages of an incomplete draft, the rushed HELP and Finance markup schedule, Tuesday, and then in about a week or two, the arbitrary floor debate deadlines that we hear from leadership. I hope our letter will slow this hurried dash to an imaginary finish line. Slow it down. Slow it down. I know it is extremely important that we pass good health care reform legislation. It is also extremely important to prevent bad legislation from passing and get America saddled with it for about 20 or 25 years. I wish at the end of every committee room, if in fact the bill gets to committee, the committee of jurisdiction, that we can hold appropriate hearings, we would have a sign that says, ``Do no harm.'' And then right below it perhaps we could put ``whoa,'' until everybody can slow down and read it in regard to process, and cost, and specifics of the bill, and trying to work together to get a good product.  There is no reason why the Senate should rush through a bill that has this much at stake. So time out. Time out. Time. Slow down. Give us the details. That is all we are asking for. The people of this great Nation deserve nothing less. Let's get health care reform and let's get it right.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  