President, I rise today to offer a special tribute to Kent Wells, a Kansan and longtime friend, who has turned his own battle with multiple myeloma into a fight for continued research to benefit the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation, MMRF.  Multiple myeloma is an incurable cancer of the plasma cell. It is the second most common blood cancer. There are approximately 50,000 people in the United States living with multiple myeloma and an estimated 15,000 new cases of the disease are diagnosed each year.  The Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation, which was established in 1998 as a nonprofit organization, has a unique mission to urgently and aggressively invest in research that will result in the development of effective treatments and, ultimately, a cure.  Today, MMRF has raised over $100 million to support the world's most cutting-edge myeloma research. The foundation is widely recognized as the driving force behind progress made against the disease and one of the Nation's most groundbreaking cancer research organizations.  When Kent received his diagnosis in 2007, he began working with the foundation, personally benefiting from the research and the clinical drugs that have been established. But he understands all too well that much more must be done, and Kent has chosen to fight for his own health and for the health of others by further supporting the work of MMFR.  This week, on Kent's behalf, dozens of his friends and colleagues are sponsoring an event that will raise money for the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation so that it can continue the efforts to develop the necessary research to conquer this disease.  It should come as no surprise to Kent that his friends and colleagues from all walks of life have come together to share this fight with him and his wife Debbie and their sons, Trevor and Bryan.  I first met Kent in 1975. Kent was a young man from Garden City, KS, interning in Washington for my predecessor, Congressman Keith Sebelius. I was the Congressman's chief of staff at that time.  I would like to take a little credit for giving Kent his start in public service, hiring him for that internship. ``Potomac Fever'' must have bit Kent because after he finished law school at George Washington University, he became a legislative assistant for Senator Nancy Kassebaum. And our friendship continued.  Yes, I admit to omitting one small part of his biography here. Kent did receive his undergraduate degree from the University of Kansas in Lawrence. He is a proud Jayhawk, something that he never lets this Wildcat forget.  Truth be told, I think that Kent would have chosen Jayhawk basketball over Washington internships, but he didn't make the team. Kent, I never told you that we would have welcomed you with open arms to the K-State team. Instead, Kent had to settle for pickup games in Washington when he came to work for Senator Kassebaum.  One of the genuinely nice things about working in Washington is that staff for the Kansas delegation get to know one another and actually become family--not on every occasion or in every instance--but often in sharing a common experience.  I could get into quite a laundry list of mutual experiences I have enjoyed with Kent, his brother Kim, and the Wells family, great supporters and friends. Not to embarrass Kent, but with his smile and personality he could brighten up any room regardless of the occasion. Kent Wells is just one of those people you like to be around, and that genuine personality plus a lot of talent has served him, and those he has worked for, well.  That is, of course, with the exception of the pickup basketball games I mentioned before. It was at a local gym that the Dole, Kassebaum, Roberts staffers and other hangers-on would play Saturday mornings.  My role, given my athletic career had sunset years previous, was to pass the ball to the players like Kent and set blind-side picks. Kent is a slasher but really prefers an outside set shot. Somehow, we ended up on opposing teams.  My team would be composed of big Bill Taggart, who simply walked around the gym for exercise and would occasionally kick the out of bounds ball back; Rich, ``The Mule'' Armitage--enough said; a couple of pickup players who simply ran with the ball as fast as they could.  Kent and Randy Miller, another staffer and good basketball player, had their own handpicked team that, for the most part, scored at will with absolutely no respect for an elder Member of Congress except to call fouls.  The trash talk would go something like:  ``All he does is foul people, stay at one end of the court and try that old flat hook shot.''  ``I know, but we have to have five people, just stay out of his way or if we get him, tell him to pass you the ball.''  You would think one would expect a little more respect, especially since I would bring my young son David to shoot baskets on another court. But not these guys. The Jayhawk crimson and blue was running in their veins and they pretty much ran me off the court. But I did set some hellish blind side picks, hit 1 out of every 10 flat hook shots, and had great times that are wonderful memories.  Kent's career goes well beyond Capitol Hill. Today he is a successful telecommunications executive, but one of his joys is that he has passed the love of KU basketball to Trevor and Bryan, both of whom proudly sport KU attire on campus at USC and Wisconsin.  Now we have come full circle with the Wells family. Thanks to his Dad's passion for public service, Bryan Wells begins an internship with my office this summer. He is clearly a chip off the old block.  I stand today with all of the Wells family and friends in support of Kent's efforts to promote increased awareness and research for the Multiple Myeloma Foundation. He and others facing this disease are not alone.  