President, and to all present in terms of staff, this is Friday, and here we are at 1:25. I apologize to the doorkeepers, I apologize to the elevator operators, I don't want to keep you here for a long time, so I will quit apologizing, but there have been some things happening with regard to health care.  The distinguished Senator from Rhode Island indicated the need to move forward on health care. Everybody agrees to that. The pace of it, what is going on, is a real concern, so I do have some remarks to make. I will try to make this as quickly and succinctly as possible so everybody can go about their business. I see smiles from the pages, in regards if I can just hurry up and get through my comments.  Yesterday, in the HELP Committee's markup of the Kennedy-Dodd health care reform bill, we had a very good discussion about the proper use and the objectives of something called government-conducted comparative effectiveness research.  I know that is getting into the weeds in regard to health care language and health care acronyms. It is called CER; remember that term, ``CER.'' It is going to be around for a long time because it has become quite controversial in regard to our health care discussion and what eventually passes. CER is research that compares the relative outcomes of two medical treatments for the same condition to determine which one is better. That is a good thing. It is a good thing to disseminate and to inform doctors and everybody in the health care delivery system--nurses, health care providers, pharmacists, et cetera--it is a good thing. But the first problem with CER is that not every patient is the same. What is better for one patient may not be better, or could actually be worse, for another. For this reason doctors and patients must be able to deviate from the results of something called CER, or a master plan or a master evaluation that could come out of Washington from an outfit called CMS, under the Department of Health and Human Services.  The situation is patients must be able to deviate from the results and make treatment decisions on a case-by-case individualized basis. That is what we all want in terms of our treatment with our doctors.  The other major problem, I submit, is that CER has been used by other governments, such as the United Kingdom, to base treatment decisions not just on relative effectiveness but on relative cost. There is the rub. If CER is going to inform doctors and everybody in the medical community that this kind of treatment or this kind of best practice is the arena in which you should operate or pasture you should operate in, that is OK. But if it is used to control costs as opposed to care, then we have a problem.  By giving priority to the relative costs of the treatments being compared, the government can deny access to health care based on what I would call pseudoscience, under the guise of CER. That brings me back to yesterday's discussion on CER on the health care markup. The Kennedy-Dodd bill includes a section that establishes a new Center for Health Outcomes Research and Evaluation. This outfit is to conduct and support comparative effectiveness research.  Section 219(h)(1)--if that isn't getting into the weeds, I don't know what is--includes the following language relating to the practical effect of CER, or comparative effectiveness research. That would, again, be conducted by the center.       Center reports and recommendations shall not be construed      as mandates for payment, coverage and treatment.  That language was in there to get at this problem for those of us who worry that CER will be used by CMS--that is another acronym. That is the outfit that runs Medicaid and Medicare, in terms of services. These are the people who count the beans, these are the people who want to turn the red beans into black beans. These are the people into cost containment. These are the people who many times drive board members in small hospitals crazy.  At any rate, to take away the worry, that language was put in there: Senate reports and recommendations shall not be construed as mandates for payments, coverage and treatment. They thought that was enough to protect us in regard to CER dictating medical care and stepping in between you and your doctor.  Let's go back to those words ``shall not be construed as mandates.'' What does that mean? ``Mandate'' means to force, compel, bind. This language says the CER shall not be interpreted as forcing CMS, Veterans' Administration or the Department of Defense to restrict payments to doctors based on its results.  Senator Mikulski and I and Dr. Coburn as well had a very lively discussion about the intent of this language. Senator Mikulski said the intent of the language was to keep the right to make treatment decisions with the doctor and the patient, not with the government. I certainly agree with that.  Senator Mikulski has worked long and hard on this bill, and I respect her for that. She is a good colleague and a good friend. I agree with this intent.  But as I pointed out to the Senator, the language in the Kennedy-Dodd bill does not accomplish our common intent of saying the government is not mandated or forced to use the results of this comparative effectiveness research to make payment decisions. Whether you are paid or not in regard to Medicare or, for that matter, Medicaid is not the same thing as prohibiting or preventing CMS from doing so.  In order to vigorously protect the rights of patients and doctors to make treatment decisions against the danger that the government will interfere in that process, I believe the bill must prohibit the government from using the results of CER in making payment, coverage, or treatment decisions. Sorry, you cannot have that, you have got to have this treatment, because it is a best medicine practice, regardless of the fact that maybe you and your doctor have had that treatment before and the doctor thinks that treatment is the best treatment for you.  I offered new language, and the new language would have placed a clear, bright-line firewall between the conduct of CER--which, by the way, I think is essential to advancing medical science; it is a good thing--and the use of its results to restrict your doctor from using his or her best judgment when treating you.  My language, which I further modified at the suggestion of Senator Mikulski, read: ``Center reports and recommendations are prohibited from being used by any government entity for payment, coverage, or treatment decisions.''  Senator Mikulski agreed to consider my suggestion over last night, along with Senator Dodd. I appreciate that. But today when the HELP Committee reconvened in our markup, Senator Mikulski and the majority refused to accept my language and offered counterlanguage that would basically put us back to square one and, in my view, would do nothing to protect patients and doctors from CMS or any other government agency interfering in their treatment decisions.  When I asked why my language was unacceptable, which I thought was acceptable for everybody when we left yesterday, I was told that the decisionto say my language was not acceptable was based on concerns by ``Washington policy experts.''  I said: Who is that? Which Washington policy expert said my language was not acceptable?  When pressed on which policy experts, we learned that the directive came straight down from the White House. Why would the White House be so concerned about prohibiting the Federal Government from using CER to restrict payments to doctors or to direct doctors to follow specific treatment orders? Why would the White House do this on this in-the-weeds proposal, which is not an in-the-weeds proposal at all, it is about what the government is going to do or tell doctors and patients what they can expect.  It is clear from statements made by this administration that they see CER as the golden ring for cost containment. The President said when asked, how on Earth are you going to pay for the health care bill, We are going to cut Medicare payments.  How are you going to do that?  Well, if you have a CER golden ring that comes down from CMS or the National Institutes of Health for cost containment, you can see: This research says that you should follow these practices, not those practices and those practices, or, these practices would certainly cost less.  I do not think that is a good thing. From OMB Director Peter Orszag, to the NIH Director, going on to the National Economic Council Director, Larry Summers, and indications from our new Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kathleen Sebelius, a good friend, former Governor of Kansas, all have pointed to the huge potential of CER to be used to contain costs, not to recommend procedures best for patients and the doctors as determined by the patient and the doctor, but by CER to control costs.  That is why the White House does not want to prohibit CMS or any government agency from using the results of CER to deny you and your doctor the right to choose the treatment that is best for you.  After all of that was said and done, and a lot was said and not much done, I got quite a lecture this morning in regard to my use of the word ``rationing'' to describe what this could lead to. This lecture was referred to as a scare tactic. They indicated that I was using the word ``rationing'' out there as a scare tactic to scare people to say we do not want health care reform.  I find that rather condescending. I find that demeaning. And it is certainly not accurate. You tell me, when Medicare refuses to pay your doctor if he or she decides you need a particular course of treatment that deviates from the government standard, what would you call it? I would call it rationing.  That is the danger. It is not a scare tactic. Health care rationing is happening right now in this country. We may not have explicit rationing such as in the United Kingdom where the government refuses to give elderly people drugs to treat their macular degeneration until they have already gone blind in one eye--not making that up--or refuses kidney cancer drugs for terminal patients because it is not worth the money to extend their life by 6 months. That is rationing.  But we do have de facto rationing, because Medicare and Medicaid refuse to pay doctors anything close to what their costs are. By the way, it's the same thing for pharmacists, the same thing for home health care, and for all of the providers who provide our health care treatment. This means those doctors cannot afford to take Medicare and Medicaid patients--they make the decision then--and it means that those individuals do not have access to care. That is rationing I am talking about.  I am talking about a doctor who makes a decision: I am only getting paid about 70 cents in terms of the dollar in regard to my cost in regard to Medicare patients. I have to hire extra people to keep up with paperwork and regulations. Those people do not exist in the rural health care system. We have to try to find them. So it is a lot easier if I drop the Medicare Program.  That comes as a sudden jolt and a sudden decision that is not fair in regard to the patients who were being treated by that doctor in terms of Medicare. That is what we call rationing right now in regard to the United States of America.  We know the administration wants to use CER to contain costs. We know CMS has a history of denying full payment based on cost. I am not going to take the time on the Senate floor right now to go into all of the problems that CMS has posed for the health care delivery system. Again, these are folks who have a difficult task. They are trying to change the red beans into black beans so that health care does not cost so much. But in terms of their decisions here in Washington in regard to what care is going to be paid for and what is not, they are an absolute nightmare to every hospital administrator, every hospital board member in the 350 or so hospitals I have in Kansas, and the 83 critical access hospitals I have in Kansas.  We do not have a very good relationship with CMS. What we have is a meaningful dialog, most of the time, when yet another regulation comes down the pike to contain cost, most of which the doctors have never heard of, not to mention everybody else in the health care delivery system. I can go into quite a rant, as you can expect from my comments in regard to CMS and what they do and what they do not do.  Why is the majority, why are the Democrats, resisting any language to protect patients and their doctors, you and your doctor, and your right to make the right treatment decision for you? Why are they trying to muzzle my warnings that this could lead to the rationing of health care? It boils down to the fact that they do not want the American people to know what their true plans could actually be. That is why they are shoving this massive health care reform bill through Congress at warp speed, having markups before we even have complete language or cost estimates.  We heard from the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island about the need for health care reform, and the fact that he was complaining about over 100 amendments in the HELP Committee. My goodness. Almost every major bill I have been associated with, you have literally hundreds of amendments. Many fall by the wayside, many are withdrawn. We have dealt with 17, 18 of them as of today.  Senator Mikulski and Senator Dodd did a very good job in that respect, along with our ranking member, Senator Enzi from Wyoming. But it would be helpful, if we are going to move forward with the health care reform, if we had the bill. We do not have the bill in the HELP Committee. We have one section of the bill, and then we have a Congressional Budget Office score on one-sixth of the bill that is $1 trillion. And, boy, did that shock everybody. Say $1 trillion for one-sixth of the bill. What is the whole bill going to cost? That estimate is somewhere in the neighborhood of $4 trillion. How on Earth are you going to pay, in the Finance Committee, the pay-for committee, $4 trillion for health care reform, and take it out of the health care delivery system?  I do not think you can do it. But we do not know, because we have not seen the legislation. We are being asked to go on a deadline schedule to produce amendments on things such as CER that worry people in regard to possible rationing by a date certain or a time certain, and we have not even seen the bill we are amending.  I have never been through a situation like that. Not to mention the specific cost estimates by CBO. This is not right. That is why Chairman Baucus in the Finance Committee had at least the good sense to postpone the markup of his bill until we could work this out. That is why slowing down does not necessarily mean that everybody is opposed to health care reform. It means we ought to get it right.  We at least ought to have a bill to read, to know what we are dealing with. I think it is because they know that if Americans knew what they were doing, they would never stand for it. I think we need to get this out to the public, and the public will hopefully fully understand it. I am not going to allow this. Personally, I am going to continue to shout it from the rooftops and beware of what lurks under the banner of ``reform'' to tell every doctor, every hospital administrator, every hospital board member, anybody who has anything to do with the health care delivery system, watch out in regard to CER.  It could be the golden ring of cost containment, and it could put you out of business. It could put you out of business. We have examples of CMS doing exactly that. So do not wake up one day and realize that the government has taken over your health care the same way they have taken over the banks and the auto industry. Do not let them ration your health care. Rationing is not what we need. It can be terribly counterproductive, and I hope we can do a better job in the future.  I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  