While much of the health reform debate to date has focused on the health care side of the bill and the $500 billion in higher taxes, fees, and fines that will be required to pay for it, very little attention has been paid to how these taxes and fines will be implemented and administered and, most importantly, enforced. I think that is a very critical discussion. We need to have that discussion, and it is one the American people fully need to understand as this debate gets underway. This is important stuff.  Senator Grassley has already sounded the alarm about how the Senate Finance Committee bill expands the size and reach of the Internal Revenue Service, the IRS, further into the lives of every American. But listen up: All the health care bills we have seen so far call for reforms to be carried out to a great extent by the Internal Revenue Service--that is right, the IRS, the Nation's tax collector.  This isn't CMS, the Department of Health and Human Services; this is the IRS. So the Nation's tax collector will be in charge of implementing, administering, and enforcing a significant portion of this bill.  Under the various bills, the IRS is given unprecedented authority to obtain information about your family's health care decisions. The IRS is authorized to collect new information--information that is unrelated to an individual or a family's tax liability--in order to carry out health care reform.  This information will be used to implement, administer, and enforce several controversial provisions. For example, the IRS--again, not the Department of Health and Human Services--is the government agency that will determine whether everyone has insurance and will assess a tax penalty on anyone without insurance. The IRS will have to collect additional information from individuals and families in order to make this determination. We don't know how this information will be collected or how it may be used.  The IRS would assess taxes on employers who do not provide affordable coverage for their employees. Since affordability would be determined on an individual's total income, an employer would have to collect income information from all of his or her employees. This will require employers to provide additional information about their employees to the IRS--information I am sure that an employer would just as soon not ask about. We don't know how an employer would use this information or how it would be protected.  In addition, the IRS will have to work with the new health care exchanges to verify whether an individual is eligible for a subsidy and will have to share information about taxpayers with those exchanges. However, we still don't know if the exchange will be a State agency or a private entity, so we don't know how the IRS will collect and safeguard taxpayer information.  Yet even as the health care bill creates new responsibilities for the IRS, consider that the IRS is having a lot of trouble doing its No. 1 job--tax administration--efficiently and effectively. Two reports were issued recently that I think raise questions about the IRS's ability to carry out its new responsibilities in this bill, let alone its original responsibilities.  Last week, the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, released its annual audit of the IRS's financial statements for 2008 and 2009.  In the report, the GAO found that while the IRS has made progress in addressing internal control deficiencies, the report also states that deficiencies remain with regard to the IRS's internal control over unpaid tax assessments and over information security. The report states that ``the serious challenges IRS faces as a result of these remaining deficiencies adversely affect the IRS's ability to . . . obtain current, complete, and accurate information it needs to make well-informed decisions.''  Then, on Monday, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found that because of the way the Making Work Pay credit--the credit created in this year's stimulus bill to provide workers with a one-time tax credit of up to $400--has been implemented and administered by the IRS, more than 15 million taxpayers may actually end up having to pay back some of their credit to the IRS.  Similar administrative problems with the home buyer tax credit have led to waste and abuse of taxpayer dollars.  The IG's audit of the IRS's administration of the credit found that the IRS may have allowed thousands of taxpayers to claim millions of dollars in credits to which they were not entitled to despite recommendations made a year ago by the IG that the IRS take steps to verify eligibility for the credit.  In its audit, the inspector general found that more than 19,000 taxpayers claimed $139.4 million in credits for homes they had not yet purchased but would allegedly purchase. In addition, over 70,000 taxpayers claimed more than $479 million in credits despite indications that they were not first-time home buyers. The IG also identified 582taxpayers under 18 years of age who claimed almost $4 million worth of credits. By the way, the youngest taxpayers receiving the credit were 4 years old.  Mr. President, the problems the IRS has encountered in administering these credits and the issues raised by the GAO about the security of taxpayer information--I will repeat that: the security of taxpayer information, your taxes--raise serious questions about whether the IRS is up to the task of implementing and enforcing the far-reaching tax proposals that are called for in the health care bill.  Wait, there is more. We know the IRS will need additional funding and employees--employees with expertise and training--if they are to implement, administer, and enforce the dozen or so new tax provisions called for in the health care bill.  How much will that cost? That is a good question. Nobody knows. These costs are not included in estimates provided by either the Congressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation.  The bill as passed by the Senate Finance Committee--I don't know what is in the bill that will be considered, just announced by my friends across the aisle. They are doing that behind closed doors. But the bill as passed by the Finance Committee doesn't include any funding for the IRS for any administrative or personnel costs associated with this bill. We will see if the leader's bill that will be announced sometime tomorrow, which is being talked about in the hallways, contains such estimates.  Estimates of a more narrow bill by an independent group found that the IRS administration alone would cost several billion dollars--never mind the costs for the Department of Health and Human Services or CMS or other new Federal offices that will be created. We can only assume the cost to administer and enforce the taxes, fees, and fines in this bill will be significantly higher.  Americans need to understand what health care reform means for their health care, but they also need to know what the IRS's significant and intrusive new role would be in implementing and enforcing such health care reform.  All the proposals we have seen so far expand the reach of the IRS even further into the lives of ordinary Americans, allowing them to collect more information than ever before about you and your health care choices in order to tax you based on those choices.  Do Americans want the IRS to collect even more information about them and their families than it already does? I don't think so. Do they want the IRS having access to information about their health care decisions? Again, I doubt it.  Furthermore, would the IRS be able to do the job? Will they get it right? Recent reports by the IRS's own IG and the GAO cast doubt on the agency's ability to effectively administer the wide-reaching provisions in the health care bill.  Americans should be very concerned about putting the IRS in charge of administering more than $500 billion in new taxes, fees, and fines in this bill and expanding its reach further into Americans' lives.  Americans should be concerned about this path that the Senate leadership and the White House is taking us down, placing this very complex health care bill in the hands of the IRS, especially when they have not provided the resources the IRS will need to get the job done--not to the funding.  Madam President, the bottom line is that Americans need to know, need to understand, and need to question whether they want the Internal Revenue Service more involved in their daily lives and their health care decisions. Under the proposals we have seen, that is the case.  Sit up, America, and take notice. I think if we took a poll or had yet another townhall meeting, most Americans would say no to any further IRS involvement in their lives and no to IRS intrusion into their health care.  I yield the floor. I see the distinguished ranking member of the committee, a distinguished Senator who has been an expert on the IRS and basically bringing reform almost on an individual basis to that agency.  I yield to Senator Grassley.  