Chairman, I rise in opposition to my good friend's amendment.  Since we have been debating this bill, we have heard time and again that we must make tough decisions on what we choose to fund. My colleagues across the aisle, in particular, have made a point repeatedly that we should not be funding activities where industry can and should.  This program deals with research and development to maximize the production capabilities of marginal wells and reservoirs. Certainly we can't argue about the merit of that; but it seems that as we talk about subsidies, particularly to a very profitable industry--oil and gas--we should be consistent. Compiling and maintaining a database on oil and gas wells at this level of detail I do not believe is the proper role of the Federal Government and is likely to be duplicative of what is currently being done in the industry.  Further, it is my understanding that States and private industry have had a great deal of success fostering the recovery of oil and natural gas from marginal wells with similar initiatives. These State and industry initiatives have been successfully driven by an economic need to have pertinent information on hand when evaluating the economic viability or filing permit applications.  Given that that process is working on a local and State level, I do not believe that we should rush for Federal Government involvement. It seems to me that we should be looking for smaller government wherever possible; and this gives us a chance today, in opposition to this amendment, to do it right.  The gentleman makes the assertion that this system has resulted in public disclosure of all chemicals in hydraulic fracturing fluids. Texas has arguably one of the strongest--if not the strongest--disclosure laws and is still far from a requirement to disclose ``all'' chemicals; and the database in question is also significantly weaker than Wyoming's regulation on public disclosure.  Mr. Chairman, I do reluctantly, because of my friendship with the gentleman, strongly oppose his amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Rehberg).  The amendment was agreed to.  