 There is great substance in this bill, but I really want to address the process and to begin my remarks by saying how very proud I am of the Appropriations Committee of the House of Representatives and the United States Senate of this Congress.  Mr. Speaker, the Appropriations Committee is composed of serious and intelligent people. Our members and our terrific staff--I was also on the staff at one time--work hard to invest in our country and to improve the lives of the people we represent.  As Chairman Rogers indicated, our members do disagree, but they thoughtfully consider the facts; they consider each other's perspectives and positions and reach reasonable compromises that improve the Government of the United States of America. This is how this entire body should conduct itself.  I especially want to thank Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Dicks and their staffs for leading the way.  I also want to express my gratitude to Chairman Frelinghuysen, who is also my friend and a consummate gentleman; and to our subcommittee members and our exceptional staffs for their dedication and hard work in crafting a wonderful piece of legislation.  The agreement on energy and water provides $2.3 billion for nonproliferation activities, $30 million above last year's level, ensuring that our ability to counter the most serious threat confronting our national security, the threat of nuclear terrorism, is adequately funded;  The agreement provides for renewable energy programs at level funding from last year. The science account, so critical to the competitiveness of our Nation, is $46 million above last year; and ARPA-E provides and drives innovation to support our scientific competitiveness;  The Army Corps of Engineers is funded at $5 billion, a slight increase over last year's level, ensuring that some ongoing projects will not be terminated.  We must invest in our infrastructure. While this bill does increase funding for Corps, we are not adequately investing in infrastructure. But I do urge the support of the legislation.  