 President, I come to the floor to, first of all, oppose the Thune amendment, and then to speak in opposition to the Murkowski amendment.  I rise as chairman of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee. In its current form, the Interior portion of the omnibus is funded at $27 billion. This section includes a substantial increase for the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Service. For fiscal year 2009, the bill provides $5.957 billion. This is an increase of $320 million over the fiscal year 2008 bill. It is a 5.7-percent increase. That is a great deal of money.  The Thune measure--well, let me make one other point first. In addition, the Recovery Act, which we enacted last month, contained $1 billion for these two agencies. So taken together, the omnibus bill and the recovery act will provide $6.957 billion. That is an increase over the 2008 level of $1.320 billion, or 23 percent. Now, that is what the underlying bill and the recovery act, the stimulus bill, does--a 23-percent increase. That is a great deal of money.  Senator Thune has proposed an across-the-board cut of 0.1 percent to the entire omnibus to pay for an increase of $400 million for these two agencies in addition. That means every account in the entire omnibus bill must take a cut.  Now, if the Thune amendment were successful, it would increase my bill, the Interior bill, by $372 million, which would put us over our allocation, which would make germane a point of order against our bill. I think that is wrong. I think when we do a substantial increase, I do not understand the need for this. I do not understand why a 23-percent increase, to the tune of $6.957 billion--that is a huge increase, probably one of the greatest increases in any part of this omnibus, and that is the underlying omnibus bill.  So I am concerned. I would urge a ``no'' vote on the Thune amendment.  Mr. President, I would like to raise a point of order against the amendment under section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act. The pending amendment would increase spending in the Interior Subcommittee by $400 million, primarily by cutting spending in the jurisdiction of the eight other subcommittees funded in this act. The amendment, therefore, would result in spending exceeding the budget allocation of the Interior Subcommittee.  I make a point of order under section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act that the amendment provides spending in excess of the Interior Subcommittee's 302(b) allocation under the fiscal year 2009 concurrent resolution on the budget.  