 President, I rise today in strong support of the nomination of David S. Kris to be Assistant Attorney General for National Security.  Mr. Kris was nominated by President Obama on February 11, 2009, to fill this important position. Since then, hisnomination has been considered by the Judiciary Committee and then sequentially by the Intelligence Committee. I had the honor of chairing both of these hearings, so am as familiar with any Member with his record.  Both the Judiciary Committee and Intelligence Committee favorably reported the nomination without dissent.  The position of the Assistant Attorney General for National Security was created in the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 out of recognition that there should be a single official in the Department of Justice who is responsible for national security.  The Assistant Attorney General is the bridge between our Nation's intelligence community and the Department of Justice. He or she represents the Government before the FISA Court and is also the Government's chief counterterrorism and counterespionage prosecutor.  David Kris is highly qualified for this critically important national security position.  He has both figuratively and literally ``written the book'' on national security.  Mr. Kris spent 11 years as a prosecutor in the Justice Department, and he knows its national security functions well.  During the Bush administration, he was the Associate Deputy Attorney General for national security, where he litigated national security cases and oversaw intelligence activities. When Congress considered merging the Department's national security functions under a single office, Kris was one of the experts consulted.  After leaving Federal Government service, Mr. Kris remained very active in the field of national security law. He coauthored of the most widely used legal treatise in this area. His book, titled ``National Security Investigations and Prosecutions'', provides a step-by-step analysis of all of the law that governs Government activity in response to terrorist threats.  During the debate last year over rewriting the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, Mr. Kris spent significant amounts of his personal time meeting with personnel from both the Judiciary and Intelligence Committees to offer his expertise and judgment.  In addition to his expertise, Kris has received high marks for his commitment to the rule of law. Both committees to consider his nomination received numerous letters of support from distinguished legal and privacy rights officials and experts. Those letters are in the hearing records at both committees.  It is important for the Senate to consider this nomination and confirm Mr. Kris. Simply put, the Department of Justice needs him to get to work.  The Assistant Attorney General position, currently vacant, is the primary official overseeing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act implementation and signs applications going to the FISA Court.  Because of the legislation passed last year, Mr. Kris will need to start immediately to prepare new certifications and supporting materials that the executive branch will have to submit to the FISA Court. As such, he would be the official at the Department of Justice most directly involved in questions of setting minimization and targeting procedures, reviewing the Attorney General's guidelines under the act, and making sure that the intelligence collection is carried out faithfully under the law.  Separately, an Assistant Attorney General should be playing a key role in the executive branch review of how to handle individuals currently held at Guantanamo Bay. Mr. Kris has answered numerous questions on this topic during his confirmation hearings and shares my view that there must be an appropriate legal process upholding any decisions to detain individuals. However, he also believes, correctly in my view, that great care must be taken to ensure that anyone at Guantanamo who is transferred to other nations must not be allowed to pose a continuing threat to our national security.  I am pleased that this nomination has finally reached the floor, and I urge the confirmation of David Kris.  