 President.  Mr. President, I respectfully strongly disagree with the distinguished Senator.  In my 16 years on the Judiciary Committee, I have never seen a more qualified nominee. Mr. Holder has been a prosecutor in the Public Integrity Section of the Department of Justice; a Superior Court judge for the District of Columbia; the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia; an attorney in private practice; and the Deputy Attorney General of the United States, the No. 2 position in the Department. I do not think you can beat these credentials.  Now, people find one two decisions out of a multiplicity of decisions Mr. Holder has made with which they disagree--and they are welcome to disagree--but that does not destroy his value or his worth as Attorney General.  President Reagan first appointed Holder to be a Superior Court judge, and President Clinton then named him U.S. attorney and Deputy Attorney General. On all three occasions, he was unanimously confirmed by the Senate.  Today, his nomination is being broadly supported by Members of both parties. We have received letters from people such as the former FBI Director, Louis Freeh; former Deputy Attorneys General Jim Comey, Paul McNulty, and Larry Thompson; former Solicitor General and Republican Ted Olsen; and President George H.W. Bush's Attorney General, William Barr.  Virtually every single law enforcement agency in the country has come out to endorse him: the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Attorneys General, the Attorneys General of over 30 States, the National Criminal Justice Association, and on and on.  He has unified support among the civil rights community: the NAACP, the Asian-American Justice Center, the Mexican-American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, and the Human Rights Campaign.  It is rare to see such bipartisan support for a candidate. In Mr. Holder's case, I believe it is very well deserved. He is a man of integrity, intelligence, humility, and heart.  I remember our prior Attorney General, Mr. Gonzales, making the statement that he wore two hats. At the time he said it, I did not realize what the implication was. He stated, and on the record, that he represented the President of the United States and he represented the people of this Nation.  Well, we saw in spades what a double-hatted Attorney General can do. We saw the politicization of that Department. We saw the top people in the Department acting politically with appointments. We saw the diminution of the Civil Rights Division. We saw at least 9 U.S. attorneys terminated because the administration did not agree with the decision they either refused to make or made. That is not the way the Attorney General should run what is a very large Department.  This is a $25 billion agency. It has over 100,000 employees. It is charged with fighting terrorism, stopping violent crime, upholding our civil rights laws, and enforcing our civil liberties. As those of us on the Judiciary Committee know well, the Department is badly in need of repair.  In January of 2007--as a matter of fact, I remember it well--I came to the floor, and I said someone, a Republican, had called me and said that on a given day in December, seven U.S. attorneys had been fired. Well, I checked, and in fact that was correct. On December 7, seven U.S. attorneys had been fired. What he also told me: It was all for the wrong reasons. And he said: Look into it.  Under the leadership of the chairman of the committee, Pat Leahy, we did look into it. What we found was a trend in the middle of the term to essentially take certain U.S. attorneys and terminate them for one reason or another: some, I believe, because they would not bring a certain prosecution and some, I believe to this day, because they did bring a certain prosecution.  Last year, Inspector General Glenn Fine released four separate reports documenting violations of civil service laws and politicized hiring throughout the Department. Well, there is a big job to do, and it is going to be Mr. Holder's duty to turn this Department around, to restore its credibility.  This is a proud Department, and I believe Mr. Holder gave every one of us on the committee confidence last month when he stated this:       [T]he notion that the Justice Department would ever take      into account a person's political affiliation or political      beliefs in making [career] hiring decisions is antithetical      to everything that the Department stands for. Now, that is a      substantial commitment, and those of us on the Judiciary      Committee will be watching him carry it out. So I am      delighted this new Attorney General--I believe will be      confirmed at 6:15 tonight--will restore the integrity and the      professionalism of this great Department.  In my view, despite differences on certain judgments, there is no one--no one--more qualified to become Attorney General of the United States than Eric Holder, and I will proudly cast my vote for him.  Thank you very much, Mr. President.  