 President, I am rather surprised about this. I don't think anyone in my State or in this body has spent as much time as I have on water in the State of California. The motion offered by the Senator from South California surprises me since no one from California has called, written, or indicated they wanted this on the calendar. No one has indicated to me, as chairman of the committee, in all of the time Senator Alexander and I have been working on this bill that this is what they wanted. In fact, what this would do is prohibit the Secretary of Interior from expending appropriate funds to restrict, reduce, reallocate water supplies from the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project under biological opinions issued by the Fish and Wildlife Service of the United States and the NOAA fisheries.  The Senator from South Carolina is venturing into a very complicated area. This would prohibit the approval on two gates. It would prohibit work on the intertie where water is now being transferred from one system, State-run, to Federal and back and forth based on need, water transfers in the hundreds of thousands of acre-feet. It would prohibit Interior from working on the Bay Delta Conservation Plan. It would prevent Federal agencies from working on water quality issues in the delta.  What is the delta? The delta is a large inland body of water in northern California. It is the drinking water for 16 million people. It is the source of water, some of which trickles down to southern California. The Metropolitan Water district, for example, in Los Angeles uses between 800,000 acre-feet and a million acre-feet a year of this water. Jurisdictions all over the State use some of this water. The agriculture community uses 80 percent of the water in the delta. There are enormous endangered species issues in the delta, the death of certain kinds of fish, the nonnative species of fish, deteriorating levees that when they deteriorate, the peat soil drifts into the water and creates all kinds of problems for treatment and would likely collapse in the instance of a major earthquake.  What is happening is a whole effort to restore the delta, to develop a management plan for the delta, how to rebuild it, how to shore it up, and also whether in fact there should be some conveyance around the delta to bring some of the water south. This is a very hot issue in California. It is not a hot issue in South Carolina, trust me.  It is interesting to me that groups go to the Senator from South Carolina instead of to the chairman of the committee for something which is preemptive and would handcuff the Secretary of Interior. The Secretary of the Interior has appointed his No. 2 person, David Hayes, to handle western water. David Hayes has been in California. He has solved many problems. He came with me in August to a meeting in the southern Central Valley to discuss these problems and say what the Department was prepared to do about them.  On September 30 of this month, the Interior Secretary is holding a meeting to announce what actions he is going to take on 2 Gates, on the intertie, on water transfers. I don't understand why we would want to handcuff the Secretary of the Interior by saying no money can go for any of these things, that water has to be released to the Central Valley with no controls on it. This makes no sense to me.  I see a series of letters that have come in from people I have talked with. I know there is a problem with the biological opinions. There are 30 lawsuits against the biological opinions. I understand that. To that end, I have been asked to put $750,000 in this bill to allow the National Academy of Sciences to come in and do an overarching but quick, within 6 months, look at the biological opinions and either say the opinions are founded in sound science or they are not. That is in the heart of this bill.  The ranking member has agreed to put this money in this bill for that purpose. Along comes something now which would totally handcuff the Secretary of Interior, which would mean no permits to move water between the California aqueduct and the Central Valley Project and back and forth and no permits for 2 Gates, two of the emergency solutions that have been put forward.  If this passes, we can be sure there will be court action, and we will most likely be enjoined. To my view, it makes no sense. We need the help of Interior. I have asked the Department of Interior, in terms of Federal agencies, to take the lead in dealing with California water. A specific person has been designated, the No. 2 person in the Department, David Hayes. A whole process has been entered into now for the administration, through the Secretary of Interior, to begin to put its hands on the problem and deal with it.  I cannot support legislation that says: Go ahead and release water, regardless of endangered species, regardless of any court that might come down on top of you and say stop. I can't do that. It isn't responsible to do so.  It is interesting to me--and I am looking at some of the letters--the people who I meet with, whose phone calls I respond to, who have never called and said: Look, this is what we need.  I don't quite understand what is going on here. That is the reason for my objection. I am not going to put the State of California and the bay delta in the threat of another lawsuit. We have enough already. Water is a huge, complicated, and difficult issue. No one cares more about it than I do or has tried harder to sort out the problems.  In a way, this is a kind of Pearl Harbor on everything we are trying to do, which is to work together to put Interior in the lead, not to handcuff Interior. That is the reason I objected to the amendment.  I understand on the motion there will be a vote. I urge a no vote.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  