 President, section 432 of S. 1494, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal year 2010 that is before the Senate today, provides that the Directors of the National Security Agency, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and the National Reconnaissance Office shall be appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate. For several years, the Select Committee on Intelligence has been seeking the enactment of legislation to provide for Senate confirmation of these important positions. The Senate has previously endorsed this effort by including this requirement in the proposed Intelligence Authorization for Fiscal Year 2008.  It is our strong hope that the time has come to enact this fundamental measure to ensure adequate oversight of these three agencies whose spending constitutes a significant portion of the entire intelligence budget. In preparation for that, my colleague at the Intelligence Committee, our vice chairman Kit Bond, and I have worked with the leadership of the Armed Services Committee, Chairman Carl Levin and Ranking Member John McCain, to settle on the process by which our two committees will assist the Senate in a careful examination of the qualifications of nominees to head these agencies. The insights of both committees is important in that process because the three entities are housed in the Department of Defense and perform significant responsibilities there while also being major components of the intelligence community.  The resolution that we have prepared recognizes the contribution that each of our committees should make to a thorough and timely process. It provides that if the nominee is an Active-Duty military officer, the confirmation process will begin in the Armed Services Committee and, if reported, the nomination will be sequentially referred to the Intelligence Committee for a prescribed period of time; namely, 30 days plus an additional 5 days if the 30-day period expires when the Senate is in recess. If the nominee is a civilian, the confirmation process will begin in the Intelligence Committee with a sequential referral to the Armed Services Committee under those same time limits. To ensure that the sequential referral does not delay completion of the committee part of the nomination process, the resolution provides for the automatic discharge of the nominations from the second committee if it has not reported with the prescribed period of time.  This referral system recognizes the equities of each committee and will ensure that the Senate receives the benefit of the recommendations made by the two committees with the expertise necessary to advise the Senate about the qualifications of nominees to head these three important agencies.  Although we are not formally introducing the resolution at this time, Vice Chairman Bond joins me in this public commitment to the Senate that we will ask our committee to report the resolution in time for consideration and adoption by the Senate in conjunction with a conference report on the fiscal year 2010 Intelligence authorization.  I ask unanimous consent that the full text of the resolution, showing its cosponsorship by myself, Senator Levin, Senator Bond, and Senator McCain, be printed in the Record at the conclusion of the colloquy.  