 President, I rise today on behalf of myself and Senators Corker, Casey, Grassley, Kerry, Levin, Menendez, and Kohl, to speak about our amendment to strengthen the underlying bill's protections for young consumers, and helpaddress the growing problem of college student indebtedness.  During this severe economic crisis and credit crunch, many Americans--especially college students with limited incomes--find themselves relying on credit cards more than ever before.  Our amendment will place commonsense restrictions on credit card marketing to college students; provide for increased transparency in university marketing deals with credit card issuers; and, protect students from some common credit traps.  This amendment achieves four essential objectives. It will: (1) prohibit credit card companies from offering gifts to students in exchange for completing credit card applications; (2) require universities to publicly disclose marketing agreements made with credit card issuers; (3) require credit card companies to report how much money they are giving to schools and alumni associations through these agreements, and what they receive from the universities in exchange; and, (4) call upon the Government Accountability Office to study the extent of these deals and their impact on student credit card debt.  The growing reliance of college students on credit cards, and the staggering credit card debt that many students accumulate by the time they graduate, underscores the need for this amendment.  According to a report released earlier this year by Sallie Mae: 84 percent of all undergraduates have at least one credit card; the average student has more than four credit cards; 9 out of 10 college students use credit cards for direct educational expenses, and 30 percent charge some tuition to their cards; the average balance for these students is $3,173--and 82 percent of college students carry a balance each month which requires them to pay finance charges. Nearly one in five college seniors hold $7,000 or more in credit card debt.  A study by U.S. Public Interest Research Group found that college students' credit card balances have soared 134 percent in the past 10 years.  The study also found that 76 percent of college students reported stopping at a table on or near campus advertising credit cards, and that nearly a third of students were offered a free gift in exchange for signing up.  Credit card companies lure cash-strapped students with all kinds of offers. Free food. T-shirts--the most-common inducement. Frisbees. Candy. Even iPods. All for filling out a credit card application.  More than a dozen States currently restrict credit card marketing on college campuses.  In California, credit-card marketers can't lure students with free gifts; in Oklahoma, colleges can no longer sell student information for credit-card marketing purposes; and, in Texas, on-campus credit-card marketing may only occur on limited days in certain locations.  With credit card companies aiming their marketing more and more at students, we are seeing colleges and universities increasingly entering partnership agreements with these companies.  These agreements produce millions in revenue for colleges and universities, while banks get exclusive marketing access and student contact information.  As State funding shrinks for public universities, such deals grow.  We don't know much about the agreements between credit card companies and universities. But we do know that schools often receive large cash payments in exchange for providing students' personal information, including permanent addresses, e-mail addresses and phone numbers.  This enables companies to target students with precision.  Some contracts even pay universities if students have a balance on the card after 12 months, which suggests some universities stand to profit from the debt carried by their students.  The sheer scale of these contracts is astounding: Michigan State has an $8.4 million contract with Bank of America; and, the University of Tennessee has a $10 million contract with Chase.  Bank of America has agreements with nearly 700 colleges and alumni associations.  Virtually every major university boasts a multimillion-dollar affinity relationship with a credit-card company.  It is vital that schools make these agreements public.  Colleges should not encourage their students to sign up for products with high interest rates and fees that could get them bogged down in debt.  These arrangements can get students, who are just starting out, into deep trouble that can stay with them for decades.  This is shameful.  The underlying bill provides much-needed safeguards for young consumers, who too often do not have the financial knowledge and experience to manage their credit wisely.  I commend Chairman Dodd and Ranking Member Shelby for their leadership in crafting this well-balanced legislation.  Under this bill, issuers are required to obtain a cosigner or income verification for anyone under age 21 that applies for a credit card.  And, prescreened offers of credit to young consumers under age 21 will be limited.  Issuers also will not be allowed to increase the credit limit on accounts where a cosigner--such as a parent or guardian--is liable unless the cosigner authorizes the increase.  These provisions will play an important role in protecting college students, and all young consumers, from deceptive practices.  Our amendment will enhance these protections.  Developing good credit is essential, and it is difficult to develop good credit without holding credit cards.  When used responsibly, credit cards are convenient, and provide purchasing power that otherwise may not be available.  But many students begin using credit cards with highly unfavorable terms, and end up ruining their credit.  Shining a light on the agreements between universities and credit card issuers not only makes good sense. It may also act as a deterrent to deals with highly unfavorable terms for students.  Parents, students and the public should be aware of what kind of deals are in place and why they exist.  Also, this amendment will address the incentive of the free gift for signing up for a credit card. Too often, students sign up for credit cards to receive a free gift, and then have difficulty canceling the card, or may face hidden fees and charges.  I urge my colleagues to join us in putting in place these commonsense restrictions to protect college students across this Nation.  Mr. President, I would like to say a word about the minimum payment disclosure provisions in this bill.  When we considered the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act in 2005, we said that our goal was to balance fairness, and responsibility. I agreed with this goal, but in the end, I voted against the bill because I did not believe it achieved that balance.  Since that time, I have continued to say that we need to do more to protect Americans from abusive credit practices and to ensure that consumers have the information they need to make good, informed financial decisions.  In every Congress since 2005, I have introduced a bill to require credit card companies to disclose what the real financial effects are when a consumer makes only the minimum monthly payment on her credit card balance each month.  I am very pleased that Senators Dodd and Shelby have included similar provisions in the credit card bill that we are considering today.  The bill requires that all credit card statements include a general warning about the effects of making minimum payments, personalized information showing a cardholder exactly how much it will cost and how long it will take to pay off their balance if they make only the minimum payment each month, and a phone number that consumers can call to get a reliable credit counseling referral.  I am confident that these warnings will make a significant difference for consumers.  I think we are all familiar with minimum monthly payments--this is the amount listed at the top of your credit card statement that you have to pay each month to avoid a fee.  What people are less familiar with though, is the effect of these minimum payments.  Let me give you an example. In November 2008, according to USA Today, the average American had $10,678 in credit card debt.  Now let's take a family holding that amount of debt at this week's average interest rate of 10.78 percent. If that family consumer made only a 2 percent minimum payment on their bill each month, it would take them over 28 years and a total of $19,144 to pay that card off. And that is assuming they didn't ever charge another penny to the card--no cash advances, no gas purchases, no trips to the mall.  In the end, the consumer would have paid $8,466 in interest on slightly over $10,000 in debt.  And 10.78 percent is a relatively low rate for many Americans. Interest rates around 20 percent are not uncommon, and penalty interest rates can reach as high as 32 percent.  Consumers need to know how these amounts add up.  Let me tell you one more troubling thing about minimum payments. In December, the Economist reported on a study done on these requirements.  In the study, a psychologist at a British university gave 413 people fake credit card bills. All of the bills said the person owed about $650 total, but half of them listed a minimum payment of around $8. The other half made no mention at all of a minimum payment.  What the study found was that when the minimum amount was listed, people were inclined to pay less of their total bill. In fact, among people who chose not to pay their full balance, people paid 43 percent less when they saw a minimum payment amount on their bill.  Behavioral economists describe this as a ``nudge'': By showing the minimum amount, the statement ``nudged'' the consumer to pay less than he or she would have otherwise.  Now obviously, this is good for the credit card company--the consumer ends up paying less each month but more in interest over time, and that's how the credit card companies make their profits.  But this is terrible for consumers, who can end up underwater, with huge balances owed, and not understand how they got there.  People need to know the effects of making minimum monthly payments, and this bill will finally require credit card companies to show them.  I believe the disclosure requirements in the bill will go a long way toward helping consumers make good financial decisions and helping them to avoid ending up in bankruptcy. So I want to commend my colleagues, Senator Dodd and Senator Shelby, for their hard work on the bill before us today. These warnings have been a long time in coming, and I will be very pleased to see them enacted into law.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  