 President, I rise today as chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence to urge the Senate to confirm Admiral Dennis C. Blair to be the next Director of National Intelligence.  Admiral Blair is well known to many of us from his years of service as the Commander in Chief of the U.S. Pacific Command. He has served with distinction in the national security field all his adult life, entering the Naval Academy in 1964 and serving for 34 years.  During his naval career, Admiral Blair was involved in the intelligence field and in policymaking. He worked twice in the White House, first as a fellow and then on the National Security Council staff. He worked for 2 years at the CIA as the Associate Director for Military Support. And he was named to be the Director of the Joint Staff in 1996.  He has been a consumer and a manager of intelligence through his career, and he has a strong understanding of the importance of providing the President, the Congress, and other policymakers with accurate, actionable, and timely intelligence.  Admiral Blair will be the Nation's third Director of National Intelligence, a position that was left vacant by the resignation of ADM Mike McConnell earlier this week. It is critical that Admiral Blair be confirmed so that the intelligence community has the leadership it needs.  I hope that the Senate will confirm Admiral Blair on a strong bipartisan basis, sending the signal that we are united in our support for the nominee and in our interest in strong leadership of the intelligence community.  The position of the Director of National Intelligence was created so that there would be a single leader of the 16 intelligence agencies who could bring greater integration to the work of U.S. intelligence. The job of the Director is to break down the stovepipes and put intelligence agencies back on the right track when they go astray.  Progress has been made by the previous Directors, Ambassador Negroponte and Admiral McConnell, but they would agree much work is ahead. As Admiral Blair said to the committee, it will be his job as the DNI to see that ``the whole of the national intelligence enterprise is always more than the sum of its parts.''  Admiral Blair has pledged, however, to take forceful action when there are disagreements or when he believes an agency is not performing as it should.  He has a keen appreciation both for the many smart, dedicated and brave professionals in the intelligence community workforce and for the role of the DNI to give these professionals the right missions, and the right tools, to collect the intelligence we need and conduct professional and accurate analysis.  President-elect Obama announced his intention to nominate Admiral Blair on January 9, 2009, and then President Obama submitted the nomination to the Senate on his first afternoon in office. The Intelligence Committee carefully reviewed Admiral Blair's record and his views on the role of the Director of National Intelligence, the threats facing the United States, and the appropriate way for the intelligence community to handle its missions.  The committee held a public hearing with Admiral Blair on January 22, at which he was introduced and supported by our distinguished colleague and very first chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Senator Inouye.  Before and after the hearing, Admiral Blair answered numerous questions for the record. His answers can be found on the committee's Web site, and I commend them to all Members and the public for a better understanding of his views about the important office to which he has been nominated, and the challenges he will face on behalf of the American people.  I have been especially pleased with the commitment of Admiral Blair to address the issue of congressional oversight. In our prehearing questions, we asked Admiral Blair about his views on keeping the intelligence committees fully and currently informed of intelligence activities.  We asked him to address in particular the failure to brief the entire membership of the intelligence committees on the CIA's interrogation, detention, and rendition program, and the NSA's electronic surveillance program. His direct answer recognized a fundamental truth: ``These programs were less effective and did not have sufficient legal and constitutional foundations because the intelligence committees were prevented from carrying out their oversight responsibilities.''  Admiral Blair has pledged that he will work closely with the committee and the Congress to build a relationship of trust and candor. He has said that the leadership of the intelligence community must earn the support and trust of the intelligence oversight committees if it is to earn the trust and support of the American people. I wholeheartedly agree.  I am confident that Admiral Blair will ensure that the membership of the select committee is given access to the information it needs to perform its oversight role, and U.S. intelligence programs will have a stronger foundation because of it.  He has also agreed to come before the committee on a monthly basis to have candid discussions with all members on the major issues he sees and the challenges he faces. These sessions are enormously important for the committee to truly understand the workings of the intelligence community and to carry out our oversight responsibilities.  In addition, Admiral Blair will have a pivotal role in the implementation of the recent presidential Executive orders to close the detention center in Guantanamo and ensure there is a single standard for the humane and lawful treatment of detainees by U.S. military and intelligence services.  These executive orders represent an extraordinarily important turning point for our Nation. Admiral Blair has made strong statements to the committee that torture is not moral, legal, or effective, and that the U.S. Government must have a single clear standard for the treatment and interrogation of detainees. I am convinced he will help ensure we are once more true to our ideals and protecting our national security.  Having been an early advocate of the creation of the position, it is for me a distinct honor that my very first floor responsibility as the new chairman of the Intelligence Committee is to report this nomination.  I am pleased to relay to my colleagues that the Intelligence Committee met today, on January 28, and voted to report favorably the nomination of Admiral Blair to be the Director of National Intelligence.  The Senate has moved quickly to act on this recommendation. It is a testament to the importance of the position and the qualifications of the nominee. I thank the vice chairman for working with me to move the nomination quickly but with the due diligence appropriate for this position.  Admiral Blair has my strong support to lead the intelligence community and I look forward to working with him closely in the days to come.  