 President, I rise today to support the nomination of my fellow Californian, Representative Hilda Solis, to be the next Secretary of Labor.  President Obama has selected Representative Solis to serve in his Cabinet because she is an experienced, committed, and effective public servant.  Representative Solis has dedicated her life to public service and to improving the lives of those in her community.  As the daughter of immigrants, Representative Solis epitomizes the possibilities of the American dream. Her parents worked hard to ensure that she and her siblings could attain all that this country has to offer, and this nomination is proof that, in this country, anything is possible.  Representative Solis was the first member of her family to attend college and in 1979 earned her undergraduate degree in Political Science from the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona.  In 1981, she completed a master's degree in public administration at the University of Southern California. Her career in public service started in President Carter's administration, where she served as the Editor-in-Chief of Publications in the Office of Hispanic Affairs.  After returning to California, she ran for office and was elected to the Rio Hondo Community College Board in 1985.  In 1992, Representative Solis was elected to the State Assembly, and 2 years later became the first Hispanic woman to serve in the California State Senate.  As the Chairwoman of the powerful California State Senate Industrial Relations Committee, she was instrumental in the successful battle to increase the state minimum wage.  She has also been a tireless fighter for environmental justice. In 1999, despite strong opposition from industry groups, legislation that she authored was enacted to protect disadvantaged communities from the environmental toxins and pollutants that are disproportionately located in such areas.  Her effort earned her the Profile in Courage Award from the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation in 2000, the same year she was elected to the House of Representatives.  In Congress, Representative Solis has demonstrated her commitment to expanding opportunities for job training, which is essential for our economic recovery.  She truly understands the potential of clean energy and solar power to propel the economy of the 21st century. To this end, Representative Solis authored legislation to provide more than $100 million for ``green collar'' jobs training and has been a pioneer in this arena.  Representative Solis is a woman of common sense and, I believe, sound judgment.  She understands that the Secretary of Labor must be responsive to the voices of both management and labor. As Secretary of Labor, she will be a champion for workers across America.  Given the economic crisis our Nation confronts, I am confident that Representative Solis will work to promote policies that ultimately will create jobs, benefiting businesses and workers across the board.  The economic challenges we face at this moment are considerable, and the task at hand is substantial.  At a time when so many Americans are seeking jobs, it is critical that we have a Secretary of Labor who is ready to tackle these problems and be responsive to the needs of all workers.  Representative Solis understands the struggles that so many Americans are facing. She knows how to get things done, and she knows that there is no time to waste.  Representative Solis is well prepared for the task at hand, and it is time for the President to have his choice for Secretary of Labor confirmed.  I urge my colleagues to join me in confirming Representative Solis without further delay.  