 President, I rise in support of the Mikulski amendment and to discuss the importance of preventive health care for women.  All women should have access to the same affordable preventive health care services as women who serve in Congress.  The Mikulski amendment will ensure that is the case.  It will require plans to cover, at no cost, basic preventive services and screenings for women.  This may include mammograms, pap smears, family planning, and screenings to detect heart disease, diabetes, or postpartum depression--in other words, basic services that are a part of every woman's health care needs at some point in life.  We often like to think of the United States as a world leader in health care, with the best and most efficient system. The facts do not bear this out.  The United States spends more per capita on health care than other industrialized nations but has worse results.  According to the Commonwealth Fund, the United States ranks 15th in ``avoidable mortality.'' This measures how many people in each country survive a potentially fatal, yet treatable medical condition. And the United States lags behind France, Japan, Spain, Sweden, Italy, Australia, Canada, and several other nations.  According to the World Health Organization, the United States ranks 24th in the world in healthy life expectancy. This measures how many years a person can expect to live at full health. The United States again trails Japan, Australia, France, Sweden and many other countries.  These statistics show we are not spending our resources wisely. We are not finding and treating people with conditions that can be controlled.  Part of the answer, without question, is expanding coverage. Too many Americans cannot afford basic health care because they lack basic health insurance.  The Mikulski amendment, and providing affordable access to preventive care, is another part of the answer.  Women need preventive care, screenings, and tests so that potentially serious or fatal illnesses can be found early and treated effectively.  We all know individuals who have benefited from this type of care.  A mammogram identifies breast cancer, before it has spread.  A pap smear finds precancerous cells that can be removed before they progress to cancer and cause serious health problems.  Cholesterol testing or a blood pressure reading suggest that a person might have cardiovascular disease, which can be controlled with medication or lifestyle changes.  This is how health care should work: a problem found early and addressed early. The Mikulski amendment will give more women access to this type of care.  Statistics about life expectancy and avoidable mortality can make it easy to forget that we are talking about real patients and real people who die too young because they lack access to health care.  Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health shared the following story, which comes from Dr. William Leininger in California.  He states:       In my last year of residency, I cared for a mother of two      who had been treated for cervical cancer when she was 23. At      that time, she was covered by her husband's insurance, but it      was an abusive relationship, and she lost her health      insurance when they divorced.       For the next five years, she had no health insurance and      never received follow-up care (which would have revealed that      her cancer had returned). She eventually remarried and      regained health insurance, but by the time she came back to      see me, her cancer had spread.       She had two children from her previous marriage--her      driving motivation during her last rounds of palliative care      was to survive long enough to ensure that her abusive ex-     husband wouldn't gain custody of her kids after her death.      She succeeded. She was 28 when she died.  Cases like these explain why the United States trails behind much ofthe industrialized world life expectancy. For this woman, divorce meant the loss of her health care coverage, which meant she could not afford follow up care to address her cancer, a type of cancer that is often curable if found early.  This story shows the need to improve our system, so women can still afford health insurance after they divorce or lose their jobs, and it shows why health reform must adequately cover all the preventive services that women need to stay healthy.  I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Mikulski amendment.  