 President, I rise to speak in support of the nomination of David Ogden to be Deputy Attorney General of the United States.  There is simply no excuse for the delay in confirming Mr. Ogden.  In 2004, when the 9/11 Commission issued its report on national security issues, it specifically recommended that the Deputy Attorney General and other national security nominees be confirmed without delay.  Let me quote from the Commission's report:       Since a catastrophic attack could occur with little or no      notice, we should minimize as much as possible the disruption      of national security policymaking . . . by accelerating the      process for national security appointments.  The report said the President-elect should make his nomination by January 20--which President Obama did, he nominated Ogden on January 5--and the Senate should finish considering the nominee within 30 days.  But 66 days later, this nomination is still pending.  It is time to get Mr. Ogden in his post so the Department of Justice can get to the important work ahead.  David Ogden is an extremely strong nominee, and the Deputy Attorney General is a critical official in the Justice Department.  The Deputy Attorney General is the second-ranking position in the Department and plays a large role in national security issues.  His responsibilities include overseeing the closing of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and the transfer of the remaining 245 detainees to new locations, signing FISA intelligence applications, and coordinating responses to terrorist attacks.  He is also responsible for the day-to-day management of the Justice Department's more than 100,000 employees and its budget of over $25 billion. And he manages the criminal division, the FBI, and the over 90 U.S. attorney's offices nationwide.  This is a critical position both for the enforcement of our criminal lawsand for keeping Americans safe from harm.  President Obama has chosen David Ogden to be the Deputy Attorney General, and his record shows why:  Ogden is a Harvard Law School graduate, and a former clerk to a U.S. Supreme Court Justice.  He is a nationally recognized litigator with over 25 years of experience and the cochair of the Government and Regulatory Group at one of DC's top law firms.  Mr. Ogden is also a former Deputy General Counsel and legal counsel at the U.S. Department of Defense, where he received the highest civilian honor you can receive--the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service.  And he is a former Associate Deputy Attorney General, chief of staff and counselor to the Attorney General, and Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Division at the Department of Justice.  David Ogden knows the Department of Justice inside and out, and he has already proven that he can be an effective leader.  In fact, over 50 individuals and groups have written in to support this nomination.  Ogden has the endorsements of:     the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the      Fraternal Order of Police, the Major Cities Chiefs      Association, the National Association of Police      Organizations, the National District Attorneys' Association,      the National Narcotic Officers' Association Coalition, the      National Sheriffs' Association, the Community Anti-Drug      Coalitions for America, the National Center for Missing and      Exploited Children, the National Center for Victims of Crime,      the Judge Advocates General, the Boys and Girls Club of      America, and the Partnership for a Drug-Free America.  The letters state again and again that Ogden was a standout public servant before and that he is highly qualified for the position of Deputy Attorney General.  Let me read just a few remarks from officials who served in Republican administrations: Paul Cappuccio, the Associate Deputy Attorney General under George H.W. Bush, has written:       I consider myself a judicial and legal conservative, and      believe it is important to appoint high-quality individuals      who will uphold the rule of law. In my view, David Ogden is .      . . a person of the highest talent, diligence, and integrity.      He is, in my view, an excellent pick.  Larry Thompson, who was Deputy Attorney General under George W. Bush, has said that Ogden is ``a person of honor who will, at all times, do the right thing for the Department of Justice and our great country.''  And from Richard Taranto, a high-ranking DOJ lawyer under President Reagan: ``The country could not do better.''  This is very strong support for Ogden. I also hope that my colleagues will look closely at his track record as a public servant.  During the Clinton administration, Ogden proved himself at every turn. In addition to being promoted three times to high level positions--from Associate Deputy Attorney General to Chief of Staff to Assistant Attorney General--he also received the Attorney General's Medal in 1999 and the Edmund J. Randolph Award for Outstanding Service in 2001. He took the lead on a landmark lawsuit against the cigarette companies for lying to the American people about the health risks of smoking. Under his guidance, the Civil Division recovered more than $1.5 billion in taxpayer money from Government contractors in the health care industry and elsewhere that had overbilled the government and defrauded the American people. And he vigorously defended the Child Pornography Prevention Act of 1996 and the Child Online Protection Act of 1998.  This is a nominee who has proven himself in Government.  In his confirmation hearing, Ogden also laid out his priorities for the future. He said his top priorities will be protecting the national security, restoring the rule of law, and restoring nonpartisan law enforcement at DOJ.  He told us that he is committed to making sure that DOJ fights financial, mortgage and securities fraud effectively.  And he pledged in no uncertain terms that if confirmed he would ``recommend that protecting children and families should be a top priority, including through the prosecution of those who violate federal obscenity laws.''  In a 2001 speech at Northwestern Law School, Ogden explained to a group of students that a government lawyer's client is not ``the President, the Congress, or any agency, although the views of each may be extremely relevant,'' his client is the people of the ``United States.''  The American people will be well served by having David Ogden on our side. He is an outstanding lawyer and a dedicated public servant.  It has been 66 days since President Obama nominated David Ogden to be the Deputy Attorney General.  He is a good nominee that should not be held up. Let's let him get to work without any further delay.  