 President, today the Senate will take an important step to raise awareness of human trafficking, a form of modern-day slavery. The resolution, introduced by myself and Senators Cornyn, Cardin, and Brownback, observes National Slavery and Trafficking Prevention Month from January 1 through February 1 to raise awareness of, and opposition to, modern slavery and human trafficking. This bipartisan resolution was passed unanimously today by the Senate.  Human trafficking is a crime in which persons are forced to work against their will in sweatshops, prostitution rings, farm labor, private homes, and other enterprises. The traffickers use force, threats of force, and coercion to ensure that their victims believe they have no other choice but to work for their captors.  The resolution resolves that Congress supports (1) the goals and ideals of observing the National Slavery and Trafficking Prevention Month from January 1 through February 1 to recognize the vital role that the people of the United States have in ending modern slavery; (2) marking this observance with appropriate programs and activities culminating in the observance on February 1 of National Freedom Day; and (3) all other efforts to raise awareness of and opposition to human trafficking.  This resolution recognizes the month of January as significant for modern slavery and human trafficking. January 1 is the anniversary of the effective date of the Emancipation Proclamation and February 1 is the anniversary of the date that President Abraham Lincoln signed the joint resolution sending the 13th amendment to the States for ratification.  In addition, it recognizes that January 11 is a day that many have chosen to commemorate human trafficking. In the 110th Congress, I sponsored a concurrent resolution that passed the Senate supporting January 11 as a National Day of Human Trafficking Awareness.  In 2007, California passed a resolution, signed into law by Governor Schwarzenegger, designating January 11 as National Day of Human Trafficking Awareness. The Los Angeles City Council and the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors did the same for the county of Los Angeles.  The issue of human trafficking has become particularly problematic in California. San Diego is an international trafficking gateway city used to traffic foreign children into the U.S. The United Nations has listed Mexico as the No. 1 exporter of exploited children into North America.  From 1998 to 2003, more than 500 people from 18 countries were ensnared in 57 forced labor operations throughout California. These statistics only represent the cases that were discovered. Frequently, human trafficking goes undetected because the victims are not only afraid of their traffickers, but they have been taught by their traffickers to fear U.S. law enforcement.  Congress has acted to broaden the tools available to prosecute perpetrators of modern slavery and to assist and protect victims of human trafficking. It has enacted the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 and the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008.  California has taken a leadership role in identifying and prosecuting human trafficking cases. For example, San Diego received one of the first grants to train local law enforcement on identifying and prosecuting human trafficking. The U.S. attorneys offices in Oakland, Los Angeles, and San Diego have all created antitrafficking task forces.  Using these tools, this August five people in California were sentenced to Federal prison, all receiving multidecade sentences for their roles in an international sex trafficking ring that lured young Guatemalan women and girls into the Los Angeles area and forced them into prostitution.  In this distressing case, the defendants intimidated and controlled their victims by threatening to beat them and kill their loved ones in Guatemala if they tried to escape. At least three of the defendants restrained the victims by locking them in at night and blocking windows and doors to prevent their escape.  In another recent case in Walnut Creek, CA, a woman was found guilty of trafficking a nanny from Peru. For nearly 2 years, the victim was forced to cook, clean, and take care of the family's children through false promises of pay. The victim was eventually able to escape, with the assistance of local residents and officials and parents at a local elementary school.  Human trafficking is a pervasive global crime, with nearly 1 million people trafficked across international borders every year. According to the State Department, roughly 80 percent of the victims are women and children.  I believe that it is vital that we work together as a nation to eliminate human trafficking and prevent the victimization of the most vulnerable members of society.  Awareness of the issues surrounding slavery and trafficking by those people most likely to come into contact with vulnerable populations is essential for effective prevention and prosecution of this frequently hidden crime.  I thank my colleagues for their support of this resolution to help raise awareness of modern day slavery.  