 Byrd on reaching yet another milestone in a long and very distinguished career.  Today, Senator Byrd has served 20,774 days--that is 56 years and 10\1/2\ months in Congress--making him the longest serving Member in U.S. history.  Senator Byrd has attended 18,582 Senate rollcall votes.  He cast his first votes in the Senate, in January 1959, when Dwight Eisenhower was President. John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson were among his Senate colleagues. And Hawaii was not yet a State.  He has served in the Senate longer than 10 of his current colleagues and President Obama have been alive--Bob Casey, Jr., Amy Klobuchar, Blanche Lincoln, John Thune, David Vitter, Mark Pryor, Mark Begich, Michael Bennet, Kirsten Gillibrand and George LeMieux.  He has been elected to the Senate an unprecedented nine times, and has served alongside 11 U.S. Presidents.  Senator Byrd has seen great changes in these past 56 years. Yet he has never lost sight of where he came from.  He grew up in poverty among the coalfields of Southern West Virginia.  His adoptive parents early on instilled in him a strong work ethic. He was a butcher, a gas station attendant, a grocery store clerk, and a shipyard welder before winning a seat to the West Virginia State Legislature and eventually being elected to Congress.  Senator Byrd earned a law degree from American University in 1963--the only person to have ever begun and completed law school while serving in Congress.  The ``Almanac of American Politics'' has said that Senator Byrd ``may come closer to the kind of senator the Founding Fathers had in mind than any other.''  I wholeheartedly agree. And so he has set the standard for all of us to follow.  We, of course, all know him as a great orator with a love of language. His speeches on this floor often quote poetry and the classics--Roman historian Titus Livius is a favorite.  Senator Byrd is a man of conviction. He always speaks his mind. He never minces words.  He is our fiercest defender of the U.S. Constitution--in fact, he carries a pocket version of this dynamic document wherever he goes.  There is no one who has loved this institution so dearly. He adores it so much he has authored four volumes about the history of the U.S. Senate.  In a speech he gave earlier this year when he marked 50 years in the U.S. Senate, Senator Byrd said: ``The Senate has served our country so well because great and courageous Senators have always been willing to stay the course and keep the faith. And the Senate will continue to do so as long as there are members who understand the Senate's constitutional role and who zealously guard its powers.''  He of course leads this list.  Yet Senator Byrd's highest priority has always been serving the constituents of his beloved Mountain State.  As a longtime chairman and member of the Senate Appropriations Committee he has sent home millions of dollars in needed Federal funds for economic renewal and infrastructure projects. These monies have gone to build highways, dams, educational and health institutions, and Federal agency offices throughout West Virginia.  He has long been a strong proponent of education. The valedictorian of his high school class, Senator Byrd has fought for teaching of ``traditional American history'' in the Nation's public school system. It is an issue true and dear to my heart as well.  Today, thanks to Senator Byrd, the Department of Education awards millions of dollars each year in grants to fund training programs to improve the skills of history teachers.  Senator Byrd's love of the Senate and of his fellow West Virginians knows no bounds. It is exceeded only by the love of his beloved wife Erma who passed away 3 years ago. In a statement this week marking his ownmilestone, Senator Byrd said ``I know that she is looking down from the heavens, smiling at me and saying congratulations my dear Robert but don't let it go to your head.''  I have had the privilege of working on the Appropriations Committee while Senator Byrd was chairman. There has been no one who has been more faithful to the Constitution, to the goals and rules of the Senate, or has served this body more honorably.  I consider myself lucky to have served alongside this great statesman for 17 years.  Again, congratulations Senator Byrd. You are a true American Patriot.  