 President, I thank the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee. I have had very little to do with this bill in the sense of writing it. I think most of us feel somewhat the same way. I am growing increasingly concerned about the bill, as to whether it is really going to be a stimulus. I come from a State which has more people unemployed today than the population of a dozen States; a State where the breadlines are growing, where the need for assistance is growing, where the State has a huge deficit, where counties are unable to fund their operating maintenance, where all capital projects have stopped, and where the State is now furloughing employees. I think while we dither, Rome burns. This crisis is so multidimensional and the dominoes are falling so much more rapidly than any of us thought and they are pushed from so many different points.  The fact is that people cannot get credit--credit for your big corporations to open a new hotel; credit, if you are a small employer, to pay your payroll. Credit remains frozen. The housing crisis continues to work its problems.  What, in my view, a stimulus is not, candidly speaking, is a tax package. I do not believe in this economy tax cuts are stimulus. The current state of the package, as I understand it, is that tax cuts are roughly 40 percent of the package; 20 percent is local assistance, State and local assistance; 15 percent is safety net spending; 15 percent is infrastructure spending--that is all--and 10 percent is other spending.  I do not know how many jobs are going to come out of this because it is my belief that people's buying patterns have changed.  This morning, a number of my colleagues talked about a report from the Congressional Budget Office, and what they did not do is they did not quote from certain parts of it. I would like to quote on what they found. Here it is:       A dollar's worth of a temporary tax cut would have a      smaller effect on GDP than a dollar's worth of direct      purchase or transfers, because a significant share of the tax      cut would probably be saved.  As a matter of fact, we have evidence of that. Last year, we approved more than $130 billion in tax cuts, primarily through a $600-per-person tax refund. After all of that money was spent in two tranches going out, there was little or no perceptible impact on the economy.  But we do not learn. In fact, study after study shows that upper income taxpayers are less likely to spend the refund checks they receive than those with low incomes.  According to a recent CRS analysis, tax cuts are likely to have a ``diminished stimulus effect.''  