 Joseph E. Lowery to deliver the benediction.       Reverend LOWERY. God of our weary years, God of our silent      tears, Thou who hast brought us thus far along the way, Thou      who has by the might, led us into the light, keep us forever      in the path we pray. Lest our feet stray from the places, our      God, where we met Thee; lest our hearts drunk with the wine      of the world we forget Thee, shadowed beneath Thy hand, may      we forever stand true to our God and true to our native land.       We truly give thanks for the glorious experience we have      shared this day. We pray now, O Lord, for your blessing upon      thy servant, Barack Obama, the 44th President of these United      States, his family and his administration. He has come to      this high office at a low moment in the national and, indeed,      global fiscal climate. But because we know you have got the      whole world in Your hands, we pray for not only our Nation      but for the community of nations. Our faith does not shrink,      though pressed by the flood of mortal ills, for we know that,      Lord, You are able and You are willing to work through      faithful leadership to restore stability, mend our      brokenness, heal our wounds, and deliver us from the      exploitation of the poor, the least of these, as well as      favoritism toward the rich, the elite of these.       We thank You for the empowering of Thy servant, our 44th      President, to inspire our Nation to believe that, yes, we can      work together to achieve a more perfect Union. While we have      sown the wind of greed and corruption and even as we reap the      whirlwind of social and economic disruption, we seek      forgiveness and we come in the spirit of unity and solidarity      to commit our support to our President by willingness to make      sacrifices necessary to respect Your creation, to turn to      each other and not on each other.       And now Lord, in the complex arena of human relationships,      help us to make choices on the side of love not hate, on the      side of inclusion not exclusion, tolerance not intolerance.      And as we leave this mountaintop, help us to hold on to the      spirit of fellowship, of koinonia, and the oneness of our      family. And take that spiritual power back to our homes, our      workplaces, our churches, our temples, our mosques, wherever      we seek Your will.       Bless President Barack, First Lady Michelle, look over our      little ``angelics,'' Sasha and Malia. We go now to walk      together, children, pledging that we won't get weary in the      difficult days ahead. We know You will not leave us alone      with Your hands of power and Your heart of love. Help us,      then, now Lord, to work for that day when nation shall not      lift up sword against nation, when tanks will be beaten into      tractors, when every man and every woman shall sit under his      or her own vine and fig tree, and none shall be afraid; when      justice will roll down like water and righteousness as a      mighty stream.       Lord, in the memory of all the saints who from their labors      rest, and in the joy of a new beginning, we ask You to help      us work for that day when Black will not be asked to get      back, when Brown can stick around, when Yellow will be      mellow, when the Red man can get ahead man, and when White      will embrace what is right. Let all those who do justice and      love mercy say amen. Say amen. And amen. Amen.       (Applause.)       