 President, I want to take a few minutes today to speak about Mr. Mayorkas' record and what I believe he will bring to the Department of Homeland Security as Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. I have known Mr. Mayorkas for many years and am proud to have recommended him to President Clinton for the position of U.S. attorney for the Central District of California.  As U.S. attorney, Mr. Mayorkas developed an innovative program to address violent crime by targeting criminals' possession of firearms, prosecuting street gangs, and at the sametime developing afterschool programs to help at-risk youth discover and realize their potential.  Mr. Mayorkas has also worked directly on dozens of cases and overseen hundreds of attorneys relating to immigration during his tenure as a U.S. attorney. These cases included the prosecution of individuals and rings producing false immigration documents, illegal reentry cases, and alien smuggling conspiracies, among others.  For example, in 1999, at the very beginning of his career as U.S. attorney, Mr. Mayorkas prosecuted the ringleader of an Iranian visa forgery operation connected to terrorism. Bahram Tabatabai pleaded guilty to providing material assistance with immigration papers to members of the People's Mujahadeen, a group that the State Department considers a terrorist group. Tabatabai helped overseas foreign nationals obtain fake birth certificates and records to apply for benefits and created false persecution stories for Iranians in the United States to apply for asylum.  Mr. Mayorkas also prosecuted Jesse Gardona who at the time was a 15-year veteran of INS--for his role in moving 10 undocumented immigrants from an INS detention facility to an East Los Angeles drop house and demanding as much as $1,800 in ransom from their relatives.  The mission of Citizenship and Immigration Services is to establish immigration services, policies, and priorities to preserve America's legacy as a nation of immigrants while ensuring that no one is admitted who is a threat to public safety. Mr. Mayorkas has a record of working to secure our Nation's criminal and immigration laws in the face of increasing gang and border violence--and as travel documents have become less secure, to work to ensure that fraud is no longer prevalent in our immigration system.  I am confident that under Mr. Mayorkas' leadership, this administration will work to preserve and increase the integrity of our immigration laws by decreasing fraud and bringing accountability to our immigration system.  It is also my belief that Mr. Mayorkas has the vision to lead Citizenship and Immigration Services in the other half of its mission--to preserve the role of America as a compassionate Nation that treats families and children at our shores humanely and with an eye toward the potential they bring to our Nation. In 1960, Mr. Mayorkas and his family fled Cuba and came to the United States as refugees. Since then, he has lived the American dream and has done so by working on behalf of the American people.  Mr. President, with the nomination of Mr. Mayorkas the administration has taken a significant step toward rebuilding public confidence in the secure, fair, and effective administration of our Nation's immigration laws. I urge my colleagues to confirm Mr. Mayorkas today so that DHS will have the leadership in place to get to work on behalf of the American people.  