 President, I rise today in support of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009.  This bill is about equality, and it is about fairness. Although our country has made many important strides toward equality, when it comes to the week-to-week question of paychecks, or the day-to-day issue of financial security, women continue to lag behind.  Women simply are not paid as much as men, even when they do the exact same job.  Last summer, the U.S. Census Bureau reported that women who work full time earn, on average, only 78 cents for every dollar that men earn.  This is not an insignificant difference. It means that when a man is paid $50,000 a year for a certain kind of work, a woman may receive only $39,000. That is $11,000, or 22 percent less.  But when women go to pay their bills, to buy groceries, or to try to find health care, they are not charged 22 percent less. They are charged the same and must stretch their finances as best they can to make ends meet.  Women's financial struggles do not affect them alone. They affect countless families across the country. According to the U.S. Census, as of 2007, approximately 20 percent of American households were headed by women, and other surveys of households have revealed that a majority of women report providing more than half of their household incomes, with over a third totally responsible for paying the bills.  Ensuring equality in pay is absolutely essential right now. While all Americans are concerned about downturns, layoffs, stagnant wages, and pay cuts, it is also true that in an economic downturn, women suffer disproportionately under almost every economic measure. Women lose their jobs more quickly than men, and in December 2008, 9.5 percent of women who were the heads of their households were unemployed. Women's wages fall more rapidly. Women are disproportionately at risk for foreclosure, and as of last year, 32 percent more likely to receive subprime mortgages than men. And women have fewer savings on average.  The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act takes an important step forward in protecting working American women's financial well-being. The bill reverses the Supreme Court's parsimonious reading of pay discrimination law in Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. so that women will not be turned away twice--first by their employers when they seek equal pay for equal work, and second by the courts when they go to file claims of unfair treatment.  The bill is a necessary correction to a Supreme Court decision that was incorrect. The bill ensures that when employers unlawfully pay women less for performing the same job, they can seek recourse in the Federal courts.  I also want to say a word about the amendments offered today. The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act does not change the substance of title VII discrimination law. What it does is make sure that women who have meritorious discrimination claims under that law are not unfairly denied the right to go to Federal court and recover compensation.  The bill says that women can file their claims within 180 days of their last discriminatory paycheck and can recover up to 2 years' back pay from that date. Any stricter timing requirement is simply out of touch with the realities of the workplace.  As Justice Ginsburg explained in her dissent in the Ledbetter case:       [I]nsistence on immediate contest overlooks common      characteristics of pay discrimination. . . . Pay disparities      often occur, as they did in Ledbetter's case, in small      increments; cause to suspect that discrimination is at work      develops only over time. . . . [A worker's] initial readiness      to give her employer the benefit of the doubt should not      preclude her from later challenging the then current and      continuing payment of a wage depressed on account of her sex.  When women work the same jobs as men with the same skill, they should be paid the same amount. If they are not paid the same amount because of discrimination, they should be able to seek recourse in Federal courts. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and restore American fair pay law.  