 President, simply put, I believe this amendment would be a harsh and unnecessary step back in health coverage for American women.  What this amendment would do, as I read it, is to prohibit any health insurance plan that accepts a single government subsidy or dollar from providing coverage for any abortion, no matter how necessary that procedure might be for a woman's health, even if she pays for the coverage herself.  The proponents of this amendment say their sole aim is to block government funds from being used to cover abortion, but the underlying bill already does that. In the bill before us, health plans that opt to cover abortion services--in cases other than rape, incest, or when the life of the mother is at stake--must segregate the premium dollars they receive to ensure that only private dollars and not government money is used. They argue that segregating funds means nothing--you heard that--and that money is fungible. However, this method of separating funds for separate uses is used in many other areas, and there is ample precedent for the provision.  For example, charitable choice programs allow agencies that promote religion to receive Federal funds as long as these funds are segregated from religious activities. We all know that. We see it in program after program. If these organizations can successfully segregate their sources of funding, surely health insurance plans can do the same. Additionally, the Secretary of Health and Human Services must certify that the plan does not use any Federal funding for abortion coverage based on accounting standards created by the GAO.  This amendment would place an unprecedented restriction on a woman's right to use her own money to purchase health care coverage that would cover abortions. Let me give my colleagues one example. Recently, my staff met with a bright, young, married attorney who works for the Federal Government. She and her husband desperately wanted to start a family and were overjoyed to learn she was pregnant. Subsequently she learned the baby she was carrying had anencephaly, a birth defect whereby the majority of the brain does not develop. She was told the baby could not survive outside of the womb. She ended the pregnancy but received a bill of nearly $9,000. Because she is employed by the Federal Government, her insurance policy would not cover the procedure. Her physician argued that continuing the pregnancy could have resulted in ``dysfunctional labor and postpartum hemorrhage, which can increase the risk for the mother.'' The physician also warned that the complications could be ``life threatening.''  However, OMB found that this circumstance did not meet the narrow exception in which a woman's life, not her health, is in danger. The patient was told: ``The fetal anomaly presented no medical danger to you,'' despite the admonitions of her physician. The best she could do was to negotiate down the cost to $5,000.  Now, this story, without question, is tragic. A very much-wanted pregnancy could not be continued and, on top of this loss, the family was left with a substantial unpaid medical bill. Health insurance is designed to protect patients from incurring catastrophic bills following a catastrophic medical event. But if this amendment passes, insured women would lose any coverage included in the underlying bill, even if she pays for it herself. Why would this body want to do that? I can't support that.  A woman's pregnancy may also exacerbate a health condition that was previously under control, or a woman may receive a new diagnosis in the middle of her pregnancy. It happens. If this amendment passes, women in these circumstances would also learn that their insurance does not cover an abortion. In some cases, it may be unclear whether the woman's health problem meets the strict definition of life endangerment.  The National Abortion Federation has compiled calls they receive ontheir hotline which are available to women who need assistance obtaining abortion care. Let me give you a few examples.  Molly was having kidney problems and was in a great deal of pain. She couldn't go to work. She couldn't provide for her two children. When she became pregnant, she made the decision to terminate the pregnancy in order to have her kidney removed to begin her recovery. She knew carrying the pregnancy would create additional health problems and would leave her unable to provide for her family.  Jamie already had severe health problems when she learned she was pregnant. She was a severe diabetic and her low blood sugar levels caused her to suffer from seizures. She was unable to continue her pregnancy but had difficulty affording the procedure.  Another was suffering from a serious liver illness when she became pregnant. Doctors were unsure of the cause, but she was in a great deal of pain. She already had two children. She could not care for them because of this pain. The tests and medications she needed to address her medical condition were incompatible with pregnancy.  None of these women experienced immediate threats to their lives, so under this amendment their circumstances would not meet the narrow exceptions permitted for abortion coverage.  This is a problem. How can one say we are going to provide insurance, but we don't like one aspect of it. We don't want the government to pay for it. OK, OK. But the woman herself can't pay for it. That is the extra step that this legislation takes.  To this day, it is still legal to have an abortion. Women in this situation don't buy insurance for abortion, but they buy a policy that may cover them, married women, should something happen in a pregnancy in the third trimester. If they find a baby is without a brain, she can have an abortion, and it is covered.  One of the problems with this whole debate is everybody sees something through their own lens. They don't see the grief and trouble and morbidity that is out there and the circumstances that drive a woman to decide--married--she has to terminate her pregnancy for very good medical reasons. Nobody considers that. This is all ideologic, and it really, deeply bothers me.  So I can only tell my colleagues I very much hope this amendment goes down.  Thank you very much, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  