 President, I rise in support of the amendment Senator Murray has just sent to the desk which would add $25 billion to the infrastructure portion of the bill. I thank her for her work on this amendment.  I also thank the chairman of the committee, Senator Inouye. Senator Inouye became chairman of the committee approximately 1 week before this bill came out of committee, so it really represents a great deal of work in a very short period of time, and I believe he is to be commended for that.  In my view, as a former mayor, a stimulus means job production, very simply. As this bill stands, only 16 percent of the stimulus package goes toward infrastructure, which is the physical basis on which a nation's economy functions, while 39 percent would finance tax cuts.  To be very candid with you, I am one of those who do not believe tax cuts are necessarily stimulative. The reason I don't believe that is because I believe the buying habits of Americans in this particular crisis have changed. I don't think $80 a month in the form of a tax credit is going to change that. We put $135 billion out in a rebate, and less than 15 percent of it, it was estimated--by the best chance--went into the economy. So I really worry that this package is tax cut heavy and doesn't do what it should do with respect to the production of jobs to repair this physical base on which a nation's economy can function.  The amendment, as Senator Murray said, is cosponsored by 21 of us. I very much appreciate all of the Senators' support. It adds $18 billion for highway and rail. Those of you who have ridden high-speed rail from Tokyo and Osaka know that it was built in the mid-sixties. Here we are in 2009, and we don't have a real high-speed rail, either by MAGLEV or steel wheel, anywhere in this country today. If you travel through Europe, you travel on fast trains. If you go from Pudong in Shanghai to the airport by transit, you can take a MAGLEV system, which does 30 miles in less than 20 minutes. Our highways are jammed. People go to work in gridlock. The newspaper this morning reported that metropolitan Washington, D.C. has some of the highest commuter travel times in America.  We need to repair this infrastructure, and the beauty of doing it as part of this package is that it puts people to work immediately on projects that are shovel ready. So I believe $18 billion in this bill, which is for highway and rail, and an additional $7 billion in revolving loan funds for clean water and sewer projects is really necessary. You might say: $25 billion--what does that do in this package? I will tell you what it does. It raises the percentage of infrastructure from 16 to 19 percent. That is all it does. That is how big this package is and how little of it is really the kind of infrastructure we should be producing.  For the water infrastructure portion alone, this amendment could create as many as 154,000 additional jobs beyond that which is estimated in the stimulus package. The transportation portion of the amendment would add 501,000 jobs. So, as Senator Murray said, in total, this amendment would create a net new 655,000 jobs--jobs that are desperately needed to put Americans back to work and revive our country.  I come from a State that is big. It is the seventh or eighth largest economy in the world. It has stopped all public works projects, and it is furloughing State employees. It is in deep trouble. Where California goes, because it is such a big part of the economic infrastructure of this Nation, affects other States as well.  I want to expand a bit as chairman of the Interior and Environment Subcommittee of Appropriations because I am very concerned about what I believe has been insufficient funding for clean water and sewer projects. We put over 50 percent of our allocation into these projects. It wasn't enough. We have a huge water infrastructure problem in America. Our sewer systems are deteriorating; they are old and they are broken. Each year, aging and overburdened sewer and storm water systems overflow; they break and release more than 860 billion gallons of partially treated sewage into our rivers and streams, polluting them. Last year, contamination from these spills and overflows was the second leading cause of beach closings and water health advisories nationwide--more than 4,000 closings and advisories--and the problem is only getting worse.  Investment in our Nation's water systems has not kept pace with the population growth or sprawling development.  The Government Accountability Office and EPA report that the Nation faces a $300 billion to $500 billion water and wastewater funding gap over the next 20 years. So by investing now in needed water and wastewater infrastructure, we can, in fact, create millions of jobs here at home and better protect human health.  With this amendment, the total for the water and wastewater State revolving fund will be $13 billion, with $10 billion for wastewater projects and $3 billion for drinking water projects. As I said, the EPA, which oversees this Federal program, has indicated to us that they can move these additional dollars quickly. These funds will go directly to the States, which in turn make them available to local communities. Because the law is a revolving loan fund, there is language in this that effectively makes these loans grants to States. The $6 billion currently in the bill will fund 1,290 wastewater projects and 769 drinking water projects. By increasing this funding by $7 billion, for the total of $13 billion, this amendment would triple the number of wastewater projects to 3,226 and provide 30 percent more drinking water projects.  The States will choose these projects based on their most urgent needs. Here are some of the projects that have been funded in the past through this program:  The aquifer in Rockland County, NY, was being polluted by sewer waste from septic tanks. The local sewer district used $80 million from the Clean Water State Revolving Fund to replace these septic systems with a new collection system and wastewater treatment plant. The county also installed advanced treatment technology to protect the millions of residents downstream of its facility.  The town of Easton, MD, was flushing huge nutrient loads into the Chesapeake Bay. It received a $20.5 million loan to expand its wastewater system to install enhanced nutrient-removal technologies and now exceeds Chesapeake Bay's water quality goals.  A subdivision with septic systems in Lexington County, SC, needed a connection to the nearest town's public sewer. The area septic systems had been improperly maintained and were in jeopardy of contaminating the groundwater. Thanks to funding from this program, it has a connection.  In my State, Orange County is using $162.9 million to implement a ground water replenishment system, the largest of its kind in the world. Highly treated wastewater will be pumped into basins, where it will percolate back into the ground. This project not only improves water quality but reliability and supply in an area facing long-term drought.  This amendment, as I said, waives the State match requirement in an effort to maximize the use of the funds. This funding, which can be put to use immediately, will assist the municipalities of our Nation in upgrading their wastewater systems and ending the damage to our environment. But it is not only these benefits that speak to the merits of increasing this funding--and we could do more; we could do at least another $3 billion more under EPA's ability to move the money.  The U.S. Conference of Mayors estimates that every dollar spent on wastewater infrastructure generates a return of $3 to $7 that flows back directly into the economy. The Commerce Department estimates that for each additional job created in the water and sewer industry, 3.68 jobs are created in all industries. So it has a ripple effect.  The Association of State and Interstate Water Pollution Control Administrators indicates that nearly $20 billion of shovel-ready wastewater infrastructure projects await financing today throughout the country.  In conclusion, Mr. President, the problem I have with this package is that, in my view, it is heavy on tax cuts which go right to the bottom line of the deficit and the debt and will reduce allocations to appropriators to fund the next 2 years' budgets, unless we drive this country deeper into debt and deficit. It is shy on the infrastructure, which is the stimulus projects.  Let me make one other point on the change of America's buying habits which I believe has taken place. If you look at people actually laid off from Caterpillar and you look at retail closures--the latest of which is Macy's, as of last night, indicating that they are terminating 7,000 people from their jobs--you will see that people are buying less. It is reflected in automobile sales, it is reflected in tractor sales, and it is reflected in shopping and electronic equipment shopping.  I believe the important thing of this package is to put people back to work. My State has 1.7 million people who are out of work. We need to do those things that are necessary, such as extend unemployment insurance, protect the safety net, and have a massive program to rebuild what is a failing economic infrastructure in this country, so that America can compete in this new millennium.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  