 President, I rise to oppose the amendment offered by the Senator from Louisiana. Over the past several weeks we have seen issues raised with increasing frequency and volume around the use of the word ``czar'' by the Obama administration.  I do believe it is unfair to suggest that the White House has a climate czar directing EPA's actions behind the scenes. I do not believe that is true. Effectively, the title ``czar,'' as we all know, does not exist. The current Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate is there to serve as an adviser to the President and to Administrator Jackson on energy and environmental issues. She also coordinates the work of multiple Cabinet level agencies on one of President Obama's key policy priorities--clean energy and jobs that are essential for long-term economic growth.  In a way, this is becoming quite political because it is not unusual for a President to have high-level staff members in the White House who help to coordinate policy issues that touch a number of Federal agencies. We have heard a lot about it. What we do not hear is that President Bush had 47 such advisers for other issues. We Democrats did not make a huge issue about it. So I have a hard time understanding, with all of the concern over climate change and the rapidity with which it is moving, that a Special Assistant to the President who was head of the EPA during the Clinton administration is somebody who is spurious. She is steeped in this. She can give the President good advice. He wants her to be an assistant. So I do not understand quite why she is being picked on.  I still believe the day-to-day work of protecting the environment is very much driven by Administrator Jackson and the EPA staff. I have met with the Administrator. I spoke with her on the phone this morning. I read into the Record a letter she wrote yesterday. She is very much hands-on. So I think all of the energy going into these attacks ought to be put into perspective, and that perspective is that the former President of the United States had 47 special assistants. We didn't make a big deal of it. So I do not understand why this one position is now taken and an amendment is there to eliminate it.  I urge a ``no'' vote on the Vitter amendment.  I yield the floor.  