Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to the fiscal year 1996 VA-HUD appropriations bill. This bill is a polluters' bonanza.  Our environment is cleaner today not because individual businesses decided to put themselves at a competitive disadvantage and stop polluting. The air we breath and the water we drink is cleaner today because Congress passed Federal laws, which leveled the playing field for businesses and mandated a cleaner environment.  Instead of building on this success and fine tuning our environmental laws, the Republican majority is bent on taking us back to the good old days of little or no environmental regulation. Let me tell you about the good old days. The good old days resulted in six declared superfund sites in my tiny northwest Indiana district. In the Black Oak section of Gary the water was so toxic that the residents couldn't drink it or even water their plants without killing them. In the good old days, a northwest Indiana river stopped flowing because it was clogged with animal carcasses. Why does the Republican majority want to take us back to the good old days?  If a regulation is silly we should end it. It a law is wrong we should change it. But we must not roll back years of environmental progress.  Consider the drastic cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency. This agency, whose sole purpose is to protect public health and improve the living conditions of American citizens, will take a cut of 34 percent--the biggest reduction by far for any major agency! But this Republican bill does not stop there--it also contains 17 legislative riders all aimed at curtailing or eliminating the EPA's ability to set environmental standards or enforce regulations that are aimed at protecting public health. What's the point of giving the EPA two-thirds of its funding when you prohibit its enforcement of our laws in the same bill?  Upon closer examination of the vicious assaults upon the EPA, Mr. Chairman, I urge the House to oppose this bill.  The VA-HUD bill cuts funding of hazardous waste site cleanup by 33 percent, or $560 million. Does the Republican Party believe this waste is just going to disappear? If we slow the cleanup by cutting funding, it will cost us more later. Furthermore, one in four Americans lives near a toxic waste dump. Are we helping the citizens of this Nation by allowing the perpetuation of hazardous filth? Absolutely not.  The VA-HUD bill slashes enforcement of all environmental programs by almost 50 percent. By cutting $245 million of the funds that enforce those laws, the Republican majority's proposal severely limits enforcement of the protections Americans demand and deserve--and encourages polluters to continue breaking the law. Moreover, the cutback unfairly penalizes the thousands of companies that have invested in pollution controls and played by the rules to protect our health and our environment.  It gets worse, ladies and gentlemen. For, the VA-HUD bill sharply limits citizens' right to know about toxics released in their own community. By slashing funds used to provide American communities with information about toxic chemicals being emitted in local areas, citizens will be left in the dark. Toxic emissions don't understand property lines. People should have access to information about the toxics that are being emitted into their air, and harmful substances are polluting their streams. Thinking along practical lines, emergency workers need this information as well. If an environmental catastrophe were to occur in your community, would you feel safe with any less than the full information?  And what about the housing provisions in this bill. It targets its deepest cuts at vulnerable populations: the poorest residents in public and assisted housing, the homeless, poor and working families and the elderly.  The Department of Housing and Urban Development has been slashed by 25 percent. HUD assists 4.7 million households living in public housing and receiving section 8 rental assistance. Of these households, 36 percent are elderly. Encompassing housing assistance for the elderly, HUD's Special Needs Housing program took an $852 million cut! Is this the Republican's moral mandate--to abandon our senior citizens and their need for decent, affordable housing?  In my district, Merrillville, IN is lucky to be the home of the AHEPA House, a section 8 apartment complex that serves senior citizens. More than 100 elderly people are on AHEPA's waiting list.  Recently, the AHEPA House was able to afford an expansion. There will be 50 new units opening up in September. Calls requesting applications for those 50 units have been coming in from Indiana, Illinois and Michigan. So far, almost 150 people have applied for these 50 units. One hundred senior citizens are going to have to be turned away.  When I recently spoke with AHEPA staff about the crisis, I was told they were extremely concerned. One staff member spoke of those on the waiting list, ``I don't know how some of these people even eat,'' she said. Calls come in to AHEPA house every day asking for help.  If this bill passes, Congress will be sending a clear response to those calls for help. It comes in the form of a $852 million cut to the section 8 Special Needs Housing program.  I urge a return to decency. Are we to turn our backs on senior citizens who are barely able to get a roof above their heads while majority in this House finances a tax cut for the wealthiest in society? Of course not.  This legislation is a travesty and a danger to the American people. Public health is threatened. Pollution is encouraged. Housing is denied. The elderly are abandoned. Let's stop these irresponsible and indecent proposals that hurt American citizens.  Join me in opposition to this Republican bill and join me in a vote for the American people.  