Chairman, on March 10, 1995, Mr. Livingston, chairman of the Appropriations Committee, along with the Mr. Porter, Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, HHS, sent a letter to every Member of the House of Representatives. The letter states:       We are writing to seek your support for the Appropriations      rescission bill recently reported by the Committee on      Appropriations.       We are all committed to a program that will redress the      decades of financial irresponsibility that has left our      children and grandchildren saddled with over $4 trillion in      debt. The $17 billion in reductions in this bill are a down      payment on this major undertaking; a first step in setting      our fiscal house in order. . . .  Well, if the two chairmen really mean this, and if the Republican leadership agrees, they will vote to pass the amendment before us now. It is the only way to ensure these rescissions really reduce the deficit. It mandates that all savings in the bill be applied to the deficit.  As it stands now, this bill, and that letter, are a fraud. The $12 billion in ``so called'' savings in this legislation are not destined for our children and grandchildren. They are destined to offset new tax cuts.  And these tax cuts are not for kids. Just yesterday, the Republicans announced their tax plan which abolishes the alternative minimum tax. This means a return to the pre-1986 tax days where hundreds of corporate giants including Sears Roebuck, Texaco, Boeing, General Dynamics, Dun and Bradstreet, and J.P. Morgan and Company, could play the system and pay no taxes whatsoever. Zero.  Just think about it: today, we cut programs our kids depend on; tomorrow, we force our kids to pay for corporate tax cuts. Some legacy.  Two months ago, over-two thirds of the House of Representatives voted to add a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Regardless of what happened in the Senate, it is our obligation to behave as if that amendment were law.  Because I voted for the balanced budget amendment, I supported these rescissions in full Committee, even though I did not necessarily agree with the cuts.  Rescissions are not easy. Coming up with $17 billion in cuts is agonizing. The Majority rejected school lunch, Women Infants and Children, and other children's programs.  But if our budget crises forces us to make these awful cuts, it is imperative that we give our children a better future--as Mr. Livingston and Mr. Porter suggest.  If this amendment fails, instead of coming through for our kids, we will be sticking it to our kids. I urge my colleagues support the Murtha amendment and give our children and grandchildren a real down payment on deficit.  