Speaker, I rise in opposition to the pending amendment.  Mr. Speaker, as we debate a constitutional amendment to ban flag desecration, the following questions must be answered. Do people have greater freedom in Communist China and Iraq, where protests that offend the government are crushed violently? Or do people in the United States have more freedom, where offensive political protest is constitutionally protected? In the United States, the flag flies on the mast of freedom and liberty. In China and Iraq, the flag flies on the mast of totalitarian oppression. In which country does the flag fly as a true symbol of national pride?  Some people have said that the last election was a call for freedom from Government intrusion. According to this analysis, people across the Nation who felt that Government had become an oppressive force voted for less Government and more individual freedom. The constitutional amendment to ban desecration of the flag turns this analysis on its head.  I am disgusted and offended by the act of burning the American flag. Burning or otherwise desecrating the flag is a stupid, mean, and reprehensible act. I cannot comprehend why anyone living in our great Nation would want to desecrate this beloved symbol of our country. However, the Supreme Court has ruled that burning the American flag is symbolic political speech, protected by the first amendment to the Constitution--the cornerstone of our freedoms.  As Roger Pilon of the Cato Institute said, ``The principles at stake could not be more simple or clear. Indeed, they are the principles at the core of the American vision. The right of the individual to be free is the right to do what one wishes short of violating the rights of others. That includes the right to do or say what is popular, for sure. But it includes, as well, the right to do or say the unpopular. For it is then, when our actions give offense, that our freedom is put to the test. It is then, precisely, that we learn whether we are free or not.'' Pilon then quotes Sir Winston Churchill's observation that ``the United States is the land of free speech.''  When I was sworn into office, I took an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States. That document and the principles it embodies have made our country the greatest in the history of the world. For more than 200 years, it has endured--through times of tranquility and tremendous crises. Through two world wars and a civil war bloodier and more costly to our country than both world wars combined, the Constitution has preserved our freedom. Through the Korean war and then through the long years of wrenching involvement in Vietnam, the Constitution has protected the freedom of the people from the oppression of Government.  The U.S. Constitution has made ours a better country than any in the world because it has guaranteed that certain basic individual rights are more important than the powers of Government. The Constitution says that certain inalienable rights, such as liberty, cannot be invaded by Government--Federal or State--no matter how well-meaning the Government might be.  At times in our history, when we feared the Constitution was not strong enough to protect the rights of every citizen regardless of their situation in life, we amended it to provide greater protection of individual rights. For example, the 13th amendment prohibited slavery and the 19th amendment allowed women to vote.  But never, never, in our history, not because of our greatest fears or in our darkest despair, never have we jeopardized our Bill of Rights. We may very well do that today. And for what terrible threat are we willing to risk our most fundamental constitutional right? Has there been an epidemic of flag desecration sweeping the Nation? Have any of any colleagues seen anyone desecrate the flag? Why, when we have been through such tough times and accomplished so much as a Nation, why would we let a few jerks who have desecrated the flag limit everyone's freedom.  I have two sons, Tim and John. I would not be my father's son if I left my children--or any other American--with fewer freedoms than my father has given me. We are the greatest Nation on Earth in no small part because of the individual freedoms contained in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. If the Constitution and Bill of Rights were good enough for Washington, Madison, Jefferson, and Franklin and good enough for our Nation to become the world's greatest, it is good enough for this Congress and this Nation.  