Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, beside asking Americans to give their lives for their country, there is nothing more profound that any of us can do than to amend the Constitution of the United States.  After serving in this House for 10 years, I have come to the conclusion that without an amendment, the budget will never be balanced. That is why I support the balanced budget amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stenholm] and the gentleman from Colorado [Mr. Schaefer].  Mr. Chairman, I support a balanced budget amendment because I do not believe that the President and the Congress will find the collective courage necessary to balance the budget without a Constitutional imperative. It is my sincerest hope that the weight of the Constitution will force the balanced budgets necessary to secure a prosperous future, our nation's sovereignty, and a government that makes smarter decisions.  America has always been the land of opportunity. A better life for each successive generation is one of the defining characteristics of our nation. Each generation's hard work paved the way so that those who followed could travel farther down the road of prosperity. Unfortunately, in recent decades, the economic policies of this country have caused us to lose our way. Nations, just like families, must plan for the future. As a nation we have failed to plan. We [[Page H639]] have borrowed to achieve a false sense of prosperity today, leaving the bills for our children to pay tomorrow.  In 1992, our government spent $290 billion more than it had. In 1992 alone, $1,150 was borrowed from every single person in America. Over the past 20 years, the average budget deficit has grown from $36 billion in the 1970s, to $156 billion in the 1980s, to the unprecedented $248 billion hole we have dug for ourselves so far in the 1990s. This irresponsible spending has resulted in a debt hole so deep that this year's interest payment ($213 billion)--just the interest payment--will be larger than this year's deficit ($176 billion).  Today's talk about balancing the budget, while also calling for increased defense spending and lower taxes sadly assures me that fiscal responsibility will be trumped by politics as usual. These are the same misguided economic policies that tripled our national debt during the past 12 years. Republican George Bush called it ``Voodoo Economics.''  In 1798, Thomas Jefferson said that if he could add one amendment to the Constitution, it would be to prohibit the Federal Government from borrowing money: ``We should consider ourselves unauthorized to saddle posterity with our debts, and morally bound to pay them ourselves.'' Our recent history makes it clear we should heed Jefferson's wisdom.  Our current spending spree cracks the foundations of our nation's sovereignty. At the beginning of the 1980s, foreigners owed Americans much more than we owed them. Today, we are the world's largest debtor nation. We owe foreigners much more than they owe us. And foreigners are collecting these debts by buying our office buildings, our companies, and our farms. We are selling our nation to anyone who will bankroll our outrageous spending. In an era when economics plays a larger role in the global order, our spending binge threatens our sovereignty and ability to influence international events. It's much harder to get Japan to tear down its trade barriers when we our indebted to them.  A message sent loud and clear in the 1994 elections was that Americans want us to make wise decisions. A balanced budget will force the achievement of this goal because the decisions made depends on the amount of money you have to spend. This is proven true in our daily lives. A person with $3 to spend on lunch will make an entirely different set of decisions than that same person with $10 to spend. The Government just puts it on a credit card.  We must remember, however, that voting for a balanced budget amendment is the easy part. The amendment has overwhelming public support and simply voting ``yes'' puts each of us on the right side of public opinion without having to make the tough choices that will put the budget into balance.  It would be a cruel hoax on the American people to pass a balanced budget amendment without beginning to actually balance the budget. If we start our work today, the impact will be less painful and our decisions less difficult than if we continue to postpone tough decisions.  To ensure that we make good on our commitment to balance the budget, I am working to draft the Balanced Budget Enforcement Act of 1995. This bill would force us--today--to begin bringing the budget into balance by the year 2002, while the ratification process proceeds. It would do so by setting spending caps and using across-the-board cuts if the caps aren't met. I don't believe this bill is the only answer to our budgetary problems, but it is an answer and it will lead to balanced budget.  There is little argument that balancing the budget is essential to the future of our country. However, the bickering begins and political courage fades when we begin to talk specifics. It is time to summon the courage and start today.  