Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Browder amendment.  As a member of the Military Construction Subcommittee I have a deep respect and support for the chair of the subcommittee, Mrs. Vucanovich. Along with ranking member Hefner, Chair Vucanovich has brought to the floor a well crafted and very fair bill.  Most importantly, the bill takes a strong stand against the abhorrent living conditions forced upon many military families. The living conditions of our soldiers and their families are a problem that has been ignored by the Department of Defense and the executive branch for decades. It is a problem the Military Construction Subcommittee has historically championed.  When Defense Secretary Perry recently asked to meet with subcommittee members on pressing housing needs, it was a breath of fresh air. Finally, someone at the Pentagon had woken up to the fact that the housing of our troops is woefully inadequate.  There is a $3 billion backlog for family housing. The barracks deficit is $8.5 billion. The Pentagon says the Army's share of the barracks deficit will take 23 years to eliminate.  And then, there are the children of those military families who must live in the housing we provide.  When during subcommittee hearings, I asked the Army what they were doing for the adolescent children of military families. I was informed that, for this year, there will be an $8.5 million program to provide school aged children and adolescents with activities targeted to prevention of at-risk behaviors.  The Army gave a glowing report of computer centers, and sports programs that were supported by this program.  But there is always a last word.  In this case, the final words were: ``However, due to limited resources, the Army is not currently funded to continue these programs in fiscal year 1996 and beyond.''  This was, and I repeat was, an $8.5 million program to help teens deal successfully with the unique problems they face as children of military personnel.  This was a program the Army chose to highlight as a successful, unique program for troubled adolescents. But the Army's limited resources are forcing its closure.  It is within this context that I support the Browder amendment and that I oppose the Army Museum project.  The Department's request for the museum is $17 million. This request is for land acquisition only--for 7 acres only--that's $2.4 million an acre. Are these 7 acres plated in gold?  How the Defense Department can with any clear conscience come to Congress and discuss with us the emergency of housing conditions, and at the same time request $17 million to purchase 7 acres for a museum, is beyond me. There are thousands of locations, where, at a cost more suited to this Nation's budget situation, the Army could put this museum.  It is unfortunate that this project was included in the bill. To Chair Vucanovich's credit, the request was limited to $14 million.  But it should be removed altogether.  Every Member of Congress and every citizen of the United States holds great respect and appreciation for our soldiers in the Army. Every soldier makes a deep, personal sacrifice to protect our Nation's freedom. The Army's legacy deserves honor and respect.  There should be a place for all Americans to go and remember, and to discover, the unique role the Army has played in this great Nation's history. But now is not the time for this project.  Maybe at a different time and a less costly location, but now we face a real housing crisis. This crisis affects those who serve now, today. Programs to help the increasing population of adolescents are being eliminated. These kids are a part of the military family, and they are struggling right now.  I urge my colleagues to support the Browder amendment and dedicate these funds to those serving in the Army today. There will be a time to support this project, but it is not now and it is not at this location.  