Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. While this anniversary may evoke painful memories, it would be worse if we did not remember the terrible atrocities perpetrated against the Armenian people. It began on April 24, 1915, when over 200 religious, political, and intellectual leaders of the Armenian community in Istanbul were executed by the Turkish Government. Thus began a war of ethnic genocide by the governments of the Ottoman Empire against Armenians. When it ended in 1923, over half of the world's Armenian population--an estimated 1.5 million men, women, and children--were killed.  The Armenians are an ancient and proud people. In the fourth century, they became the first nation to embrace Christianity. In 1915, Christian Russia invaded the Moslem Ottoman Empire, which was allied with Germany in World War I. Amid fighting in the Ottoman Empire's eastern Anatolian provinces, the historic heartland of the Christian Armenians, Ottoman authorities ordered the deportation of all Armenians in the region. By the end of 1923, virtually the entire Armenian population of Anatolia and western Armenia had been either killed or deported.  While it is important to remember this horrible fact of history in order to help comfort the survivors, we must also remain eternally vigilant to prevent future calamities. Only a fraction of the Armenian population escaped this calculated attempt to destroy them and their culture. Approximately 500,000 Armenian refugees fled north across the Russian border, south into Arab countries, or to Europe and the United States.  I am proud to say that a strong and vibrant Armenian-American community is flourishing in northwest Indiana. In fact, my predecessor in the House of Representatives, the late Adam Benjamin, was of Armenian heritage. There are still strong ties to the Armenian homeland among Armenian-Americans. Mrs. Vicki Hovanessian and her husband, Dr. Raffy Hovanessian, residents of Indiana's First Congressional District, helped to raise over $750,000 for purchases of winter rescue supplies of heating fuel and foodstuffs for victims of the devastating Armenian winter of 1992-93. Last year, Dr. Heratch Doumanian and his [[Page H4505]] wife, Sonya, also residents of northwest Indiana, spearheaded the organization of a highly successful legislative conference focusing on important issues of concern to the Armenian-American community.  The Armenian genocide is a well-documented fact. The U.S. National Archives contain numerous reports detailing the process by which the Armenian population of the Ottoman Empire was systematically decimated. However, there is an unsettling tendency among both individuals and governments to forget or blot out past atrocities. Less than 20 years after the Armenian genocide, Adolph Hitler embarked upon a similar extermination of European Jews. While the Jewish holocaust is certainly as terrible an event as the Armenian genocide, at least the Jews have had the catharsis of the world's recognition of what happened to their people. In search of acknowledgment of what happened to their families and ancestors between 1915 and 1923, regretfully, Armenians too often hear that their claims of genocide are lies or exaggerations.  Unfortunately, there is still a concerted effort to deny the existence of the Armenian genocide. As representatives of the American people, those of us who have the privilege to serve in Congress must lead the way in shining the bright light of truth onto those who claim that the genocide did not occur. All attempts at historical revisionism must be condemned, whether done in ignorance or simply to avoid controversy. For example, as recently as last year, a court in France strongly criticized a history professor for publishing literature denying the existence of the Armenian genocide. The French court stated that the genocide was an internationally recognized historical fact, not subject to denial.  Although it has suffered greatly, Armenia is once again a sovereign, independent country. Its people are strong and determined to succeed. I am proud to support Armenia and the many ideals which it represents. It is my sincere hope that the United States continues to strengthen its relationship with the nation and the people of Armenia.  In closing, I would like to commend my colleagues, Representatives Porter and Pallone, for organizing this special order to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. This remembrance will not only console the survivors and their families, but may also serve to avert future atrocities.  