Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Sawyer substitute and in strong opposition to the TEAM Act, H.R. 743.  The Sawyer substitute specifically clarifies that the National Labor Relations Act allows the creation of workplace teams to improve competitiveness. The substitute ensures that employers will be able to get full, cooperative benefit from the ingenuity and skill of employees so that--together--both will prosper.  The fundamental difference between the Sawyer substitute and the TEAM Act has nothing to do with the legality of employee involvement programs and labor-management cooperative efforts affecting company performance and productivity. Under the Sawyer substitute, employee representatives must be independent of the employer and cannot be dominated by the employer during discussions on terms and conditions of employment. This is an important difference and my colleague from Ohio, Mr. Sawyer should be commended for his excellent amendment.  Predictably, the TEAM Act is just the latest assault on the rights of men and women across the Nation, who work hard and play by the rules. It would allow employers to handpick and control employees to represent other employees in discussions over terms and conditions of employment. This legislation flies directly in the face of the problems middle-class Americans face every day to make ends meet, educate their children, afford health care, and pay the mortgage.  The American people are angry because in spite of being proud citizens of the world's only superpower, they are working harder, longer, and better for less money while the national economy continues to grow all around them. For people in the northwest Indiana district I represent, this means a 20-percent decrease in wages. It just doesn't make any sense that people are getting paid less to produce more. Instead of addressing this very real problem, the TEAM Act takes another swipe at the American worker.  Robert Kuttner lists the essential facts that every Member of this body should pay close attention to.  Productivity is rising, but the median wage is declining. Between 1989 and 1993, productivity per hour rose about 1.2 percent a year, while the median wage declined about 1 percent a year. In 1995, productivity has been increasing at about twice the rate of pay and benefits to workers.  In 1979, median household income was $38,250. In 1993, adjusted for inflation, it was $36,250. During the same period, the economy grew by 35 percent.  It's clear that the typical American family--the backbone of our Nation--has been passed over by the wave of economic growth and wealth they worked so hard to create. This is a crisis that threatens the American way of life.  The falling living standards of the typical American family is mirrored by a decline in union membership. Since 1978, the absolute number of union members has been falling. Today, union members represent only 15.5 percent of the work force.  I know there are people in this Chamber who see organized labor as an inconvenient hurdle to the creation of wealth. You're wrong. Unions want wealth created and have fought to ensure that workers share in the prosperity they create. Unions have boosted wages, improved working conditions, and improved the quality of life for every American--whether they belong to a union or not. Without unions the American middle class we all talk so much about would be smaller and poorer.  The TEAM Act is a direct assault on unions and organized labor's ability to bargain collectively. Workers and unions want their companies to profit and grow so that they can continue to share in the wealth. It is preposterous to claim otherwise.  If you think the American workers are overpaid, defeat Sawyer, vote for TEAM, and deal another ace to the employer's stacked hand.  I urge my colleagues to pass Sawyer and support America's working families.  