Chairman. I rise today in support of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee's en bloc amendment to H.R. 1361. This amendment contains an important provision to ensure that the so-called Johnson Act does not interfere with riverboat gambling in Indiana. This noncontroversial measure, which has the bipartisan support of Transportation Committee members, is based upon legislation I introduced in April, H.R. 1419.  I would like to clarify for my colleagues that this provision would not affect any other State, or State laws regarding gambling, since the Johnson Act exemption would apply only to Indiana riverboats operating within the territorial jurisdiction of the State of Indiana. Indeed, my goal is to ensure that an outdated Federal statute does not prevent the State of Indiana from implementing its riverboat gambling legislation.  In 1993, the Indiana General Assembly approved riverboat gambling legislation to allow gambling on Lake Michigan. However, as cities in northwest Indiana prepare to implement the Indiana Riverboat Gambling Act, concerns have been raised that the Johnson Act, passed in 1951 to prohibit the transportation of gambling devices on U.S.-flag ships in special maritime and territorial waters of the United States, may prohibit the use of casino gambling boats on Lake Michigan.  The U.S. Department of Justice has not yet decided if the Johnson Act would actually prohibit the operation of riverboat casinos. This legislation would ensure smooth sailing regardless of the Justice Department's decision.  It's better to be safe than sorry. The people of Indiana have spoken and I want to ensure that a section of an archaic law doesn't stand in the way of the people's will and continued efforts to create jobs and improve the economy in northwest Indiana.  I would like to thank Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Shuster, ranking member Mineta, Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee Chairman Coble, ranking member Traficant, and the Republican and Democratic committee and subcommittee staff for their cooperation and assistance.  