Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy in yielding this time to me, and I rise in support of the legislation and to commend Chairman Callahan and the gentleman from Texas for the fine job they have done under very trying circumstances. I also rise to express my strong support for maintaining the integrity of section 907 of the Freedom Support Act which sanctions Azerbaijan for its blockade of Armenia and Nagorno Karabagh. I am extremely concerned about one provision--in this bill which would gut section 907. The purpose of section 907 is specifically to prohibit direct United States Government assistance to the Government of Azerbaijan until Azerbaijan ceases its blockade of Armenia.  I want to be clear about this: Section 907 prohibits direct government to government aid. It does not deny United States humanitarian aid to Azerbaijan, as the bill's language would lead us to believe. As a matter of fact, as of March 31, 1995, Azerbaijan has received $61.8 million in incountry, United States humanitarian assistance through nongovernment organizations and private volunteer organizations.  Section 907 states:       United States Assistance under this or any other act (other      than assistance under Title V of this act) may not be      provided to the government of Azerbaijan until the President      determines, and so reports to Congress, that the government      of Azerbaijan is taking demonstrable steps to cease all      blockades and other offensive uses of force against Armenia      and Nagorno Karabagh.  To date I am not aware that the President has filed a report with the Congress indicating that the blockade is being lifted.  The Azerbaijan blockade against Armenia and Nagorno Karabagh is now in its 5th year and it has made Armenia the poorest of the 15 former Soviet Republics.  According to United States AID's 1995 country profile of Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan continues to enforce a complete rail, road, and fuel blockade of Armenia throughout its territory, effectively cutting off fuel supplies and humanitarian supplies.  As a result, the blockade has forced a shut-down of almost all Armenian industries.  In fact, as many as one-third of Armenia's 3.6 million people have fled the country because the winters are unbearable and the factories stand idle.  Lifting the ban now would only encourage Azerbaijan to resist a peaceful solution to the Karabagh conflict and keep their blockade in place. The effort in the bill to weaken United States law that restricts United States aid to Azerbaijan represents a retreat from the principal position adopted by this body in 1992 that Azerbaijan must make progress towards peace by lifting its blockade. Congress would send the wrong message now by moving to weaken this restriction when the Azerbaijan Government in more than 2 years has failed to act on the United States demands.  