Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Democratic coalition substitute budget resolution, and in opposition to the Republican proposal.  I believe that the time has come to balance the budget. This is what my constituents want because they know that the economic futures of their children and grandchildren depend on it. They want us to balance the budget in a way that is both fair and effective, and this is what the Democratic substitute would do.  The Democratic substitute is fair because it asks everyone, regardless of age or circumstance in life, to share the sacrifice for the benefit of the common good. Unlike the Republican plan, it does not transfer funding for social programs, that benefit the old and poor, to subsidize tax cuts for the rich.  Further, the Democratic coalition substitute will work. I am an original cosponsor of this measure because it takes a rational and responsible approach to balancing the budget. Not only does it restore sane spending priorities by adding back funding for education, health, and economic development programs, it also achieves a budget surplus in 2002 that is $500 million higher than that proposed in Mr. Kasich's plan. Less pain with more [[Page H5129]] gain--Why? Because this alternative resolution reaffirms the logic of achieving a balanced budget one step at a time. This means holding off on enacting expensive tax cuts, which require slashing vital programs, until we are well on our way to ensuring a healthy national economy that can be enjoyed by generations to come.  I have serious concerns about the approach taken by the Republican budget resolution. For example, the proposed two-step reconciliation process would delay the consideration of painful spending cuts, until after politically popular tax cuts have been given away. If the Republican majority is truly serious about including tax cuts in their proposal, they should make sure they have the money to pay for these cuts up front, not after the fact. It seems the new Republican majority has forgotten the old Republican rallying cry--``Cut Spending First.'' Balancing the budget is like curing a cold, the longer you put off swallowing bad-tasting medicine, the longer it takes to return to good health.  In addition, the Republican budget backloads deficit reduction until after the year 2000, when the spending cuts kick in and interest rates decline. In fact, nearly two-thirds of the deficit reduction in the Republican plan occurs in the final 3 years. This is an approach that was tested in the early 1980's under President Reagan and failed. When it came time to make the difficult cuts, they did not materialize. Remember, the 1980's was the decade when the debt tripled under Republican control of the White House. Therefore, as far as the effectiveness of the approach to deficit reduction is concerned, I would say, ``Been there, done that, let's not do it again.''  Finally, I am pleased that the coalition substitute includes enforcement language. In January, I supported a constitutional amendment to balance the budget for the first time because I finally lost faith that the President and the Congress have the resolve to balance the budget without a constitutional mandate. While this initiative failed, I still believe that we need to hold our feet to the fire and enforce our budgetary decisions.  Earlier this year, I introduced the Balanced Budget Enforcement Act of 1995, H.R. 1516, along with our colleagues, Representatives Stenholm, Dooley, Barrett, Minge, and Poshard. This legislation, which I cosponsored in the 102d and 103d Congresses when introduced by our former colleagues, Leon Panetta and Tim Penny, respectively, would enact tough, new measures to reform the budget process and eliminate the Federal budget deficit by the year 2002. It would do so by setting spending caps and using across-the-board cuts if the targets, set and evaluated by a non-partisan Board of Estimates, aren't met. Yesterday, I asked the Rules Committee to allow me to offer sense-of-Congress language endorsing the approach embodied in H.R. 1516 as an amendment to the budget resolution. Unfortunately, this request was denied. In any event, I believe that this legislation needs to become central to debate on budget process reform later this year.  In closing, Mr. Chairman, I believe that balancing the budget is our responsibility as Members of Congress. I have always supported a balanced budget, and the responsibility to achieve this is not one that I take lightly. Over the years, I have frequently taken the political road less traveled in the name of deficit reduction. When I am in northwest Indiana, I tell my constituents that I am opposed to cutting their taxes because it would undermine serious efforts to reduce the deficit. In March, I was one of only six Democrats to support the rescissions bill, H.R. 1158, because I believe we need to start making tough spending decisions now.  