Chairman, I rise today in support of the Wise-Stenholm-Spratt substitute amendment to H.R. 2. I am voting for this plan because I believe it represents an improvement to the current rescissions process, while preserving the balance of powers that our Founding Fathers so carefully laid out in the Constitution.  The Wise-Stenholm-Spratt amendment requires that questionable spending items stand alone for an up-or-down vote. Projects would have to stand on their own merit and port would have no place to hide. If our goal is truly to eliminate unnecessary spending, I view this as a fundamental improvement to the way we do business.  Under current law, the President has the authority to request the rescission of specific line items. It is Congress' part of the process that is under scrutiny. Once a Presidential rescission is received by the Congress, we have the option of voting. If nothing is done within 45 days, the rescission dies. The Wise-Stenholm-Spratt substitute would fix this problem by requiring Congress to vote on Presidential rescissions within 10 days after their receipt. As a result, the President's hand would be strengthened to control spending, and Congress would be held accountable for our spending decisions.  I do want to caution, however, that the line-item veto issue is somewhat of a red herring. Proponents of a straight line-item veto say that we need it to eliminate wasteful spending. It sounds great, except for the fact that it is not true. The fact is that the Congress rescinds more spending on average than President's request. Indeed, between the years 1974 and 1995, $73 billion in Presidential rescissions have been requested, yet $93 billion worth of rescissions have been passed by the Congress.  Also, there is a fundamental danger in going too far to fix a system that can be improved, but is not broken. The line-item veto legislation encompassed in H.R. 2 goes too far. This bill would require a two-thirds supermajority of Congress to override Presidential line-item vetoes, thereby abrogating majority rule and investing all power in one individual, the President. As a legislator, I am not willing to provide a Democratic or Republican President with power that our Founding Fathers felt were unnecessary.  The Constitution assigned the power of the purse to the people's elected representatives in the Congress. Requiring a supermajority to override Presidential budgetary decisions would be a direct affront to this fundamental principle. It is not wise public policy to amass such discretionary power in one official.  Let's keep the power with the people and pass the Wise-Stenholm-Spratt substitute amendment to H.R. 2.  