Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 961, which would help expedite the cleanup of our Nation's waters. My amendment would create a national clean water trust fund, establishe fines, penalties and other moneys collected through enforcement of the Clean Water Act to help alleviate the problems for which the enforcement actions were taken.  This amendment would not in any way change the way in which enforcement actions were taken, the nature of the penalties or the manner in which the penalties were levied. I would want to make that very clear. A similar provision was included in last year's Clean Water Act reauthorization, H.R. 3948.  Currently, there is no guarantee that fines or other moneys that result from violations of the Clean Water Act be used to correct water quality problems. Instead, some of the money goes into the general fund of the U.S. Treasury without any provision that it be used to improve the quality of our nation's water.  The congressional district I represent is in northwest Indiana. It is home to abundant rivers and wetlands. It is also home to the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore and five major steel facilities. A century of industrial development has created many toxic hot spots, [[Page H4852]] including the Indiana Harbor Ship Canal, which pose a constant threat to the health and safety of northwest Indiana residents. I am keenly aware of the need to balance between protecting the environment and encouraging economic growth. It would certainly be a step in the right direction to ensure that penalty moneys paid to the U.S. Treasury for violations of the act were used to clean up polluted water.  Today I am concerned that EPA enforcement activities under which fines and other penalties are levied ignore the fundamental issue of how to pay for the cleanup of the water pollution problems for which the enforcement occurred. If we are really serious about ensuring the successful implementation of the act, we should put enforcement funds to work and actually clean up our nation's waters.  It does not make sense for scarce resources to go into the bottomless pit of the Treasury's general fund especially if we fail to solve our serious water quality problems.  Specifically my amendment would establish a National Clean Water Trust Fund within the U.S. Treasury for fines, penalties, and moneys including consent decrees obtained through enforcement of the act that would otherwise be placed into the Treasury's general fund. Under my proposal, the EPA Administrator would be authorized to prioritize and carry out projects to restore and recover waters of the United States using the funds collected from violations of the Clean Water Act.  However, this amendment would not in any way preclude EPA's authority to undertake and complete supplemental environmental projects as part of settlements related to violations of the act and other legislation. I strongly support the use of SEPs to facilitate the cleanup of serious environmental problems which are particularly prevalent in districts such as mine.  However, my bill would dedicate the cash payment to the Treasury, to the Clean Water Trust Fund. The amendment further specifies that remedial projects be within the same EPA region where enforcement action was taken. Northwest Indiana is in EPA Region 5, and there are 10 EPA regions throughout the United States. Under the proposal, any funds collected from enforcement of the Clean Water Act in Region 5 would remain in the trust fund for that region.  The establishment of the trust fund is an innovative way in which to help improve the quality of our nation's waters by targeting funds accrued from enforcement of the act that would otherwise go into the Treasury. We can put scarce resources to work to facilitate the cleanup of the problem areas throughout not only the Great Lakes but this great country.  I urge support of my amendment.  