Chairman, I rise in strong support of the coalition budget for four reasons. First of all, it looks towards the future first, not the past. Second, it does the heavy lifting first. Third, it borrows less money, leaves us with a surplus at the end of 2002 and again proves the prudence of doing the heavy lifting first. Finally, it is enforceable. It will do what it says it will do. It is not engaged in subverting other social policy goals such as robbing workers' pensions.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to the Republican budget reconciliation bill and in support of the coalition alternative plan.  I believe the time has come to balance the budget. This is what my constituents want because they know that the economic futures of their children and grandchildren depend on it. They want us to balance the budget in a way that is both fair and effective, and this is what the coalition substitute would do.  While I do not endorse each of its provisions, the coalition substitute is fair because it asks everyone, regardless of age or circumstance in life, to share the sacrifice for the benefit of the common good. Unlike the Republican plan, it does not transfer funding for social programs, that benefit the old and poor, to subsidize tax cuts for the rich.  The coalition substitute would balance the budget in 7 years. It places deficit reduction first and does not borrow money to pay for up-front tax cuts, like the Republican plan. Further, the coalition substitute will work, and it takes a rational and responsible approach to balancing the budget. Not only would it restore sane spending priorities by adding back funding for education, health, and economic development programs, it also achieves a budget surplus in 2002.  Less pain with more gain--Why? Because this alternative reconciliation bill reaffirms the logic of achieving a balanced budget one step at a time. The coalition plan would provide about $42 billion more in deficit reduction--and less total debt--than envisioned in the budget resolution conference report. This means holding off on enacting expensive tax cuts, which require slashing vital programs, until we are well on our way to ensuring a health national economy that can be enjoyed by generations to come.  In contrast, the Republican budget backloads deficit reduction until after the year 2000, when the spending cuts kick in and interest rates decline. In fact, nearly two-thirds of the deficit reduction in the Republican plan occurs in the final 3 years. This is an approach that was tested in the early 1980's under President Reagan and failed. When it came time to make the difficult cuts, they did not materialize. Remember, the 1980s was the decade when the debt tripled under Republican control of the White House. Therefore, as far as the effectiveness of the approach to deficit reduction is concerned, I would say, ``Been there, done that, let's not do it again.''  Further, I have grave concerns about the approach taken in the Republican budget reconciliation bill. One of the most egregious parts of the Republican plan is a misguided proposal to raid workers' pensions that could jeopardize up to $100 billion in pension assets and the retirement security of almost 15 million American families. Specifically, this bad proposal would gut pension rules so that companies would be able to remove the so-called excess money--defined as 125 percent of current liabilities--from their pension funds. Currently, if a company takes excess funds out of a pension plan, a 20 percent to 50 percent excise tax is levied on the withdrawal. In addition, the company must pay income tax on the amount removed. To raise revenue, the Republican proposal would eliminate the excise tax entirely, giving companies a strong incentive to dip into pension funds.  Pension plan assets represent deferred compensation for plan participants. As such, workers and retirees should benefit from the profitable investment of these funds. I believe that any surplus assets should be used to insure the soundness of workers' pensions, or to fund benefit increases for plan participants, rather than going into unrelated management ventures.  I am adamantly opposed to this proposal because it would leave workers' pensions vulnerable in the event of an economic downturn. It could create a pension raid similar to the 1980's when the Federal Government was forced to take over underfunded pension plans, paying out billions of dollars in the process.  It seems the new Republican majority has forgotten the old Republican rallying cry--``Cut Spending First!'' Balancing the budget is like curing a cold, the longer you put off swallowing bad-tasting medicine, the longer it takes to return to good health.  Finally, I am pleased that the coalition substitute includes enforcement language similar to what is contained in legislation I introduced earlier this year, along with our colleagues, Representatives Stenholm, Dooley, Barrett, Minge, and Poshard. Like my bill, H.R. 1516, the coalition substitute would enact tough, new measures to reform the budget process and eliminate the Federal budget deficit by the year 2002. It would do so by setting spending caps and using across-the-board cuts if the targets, set and evaluated by a nonpartisan board of estimates, are not met.  In January, I supported a constitutional amendment to balance the budget for the first time because I finally lost faith that the President and the Congress have the resolve to balance the budget without a constitutional mandate. While this initiative failed, I still believe that we need to hold our feet to the fire and enforce our budgetary decisions.  In closing, Mr. Chairman, I believe that balancing the budget is our responsibility as Members of Congress. I have always supported a balanced budget, and the responsibility to achieve this is not one that I take lightly. Over the years, I have frequently taken the political road less traveled in the name of deficit reduction. When I am in northwest Indiana, I tell my constituents that I am opposed to cutting their taxes because it would undermine serious efforts to reduce the deficit. In March, I was one of only six Democrats to support the rescissions bill, H.R. 1158, because I believe we need to start making tough spending decisions now.  It is time to get serious about balancing the budget. I urge the adoption of the coalition substitute and the rejection of the Republican budget reconciliation bill.  