Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in honoring one of the great heroes and leaders of this century, Nelson Mandela. President Mandela should be an inspiration to us all--despite unbelievable pain, defeat and suffering, he did not become bitter. Despite almost 30 years in prison, Nelson Mandela did not give up hope. He did not get lost in a sea of despair.  Instead, he turned his suffering into something meaningful. He believed in the power of possibility and of hope. He came out of jail willing to work with his jailers, willing to being the healing of his country.  Because of his leadership and his example, the future of South Africa holds promise. The country must meet many difficult challenges, but they meet them led by a man who has shown tremendous courage and compassion.  Nelson Mandela takes us closer to what Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. used to call the Beloved Community, a community based on justice, hope and compassion--a community at peace with itself.  President Mandela, I honor you and I hope that we in this country and all over the world can learn from you and your example.  Mr. LaFALCE. Mr. Speaker, this afternoon Members of the House are rising to explain to our colleagues and the American public why it is fitting for the House of Representatives to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the President of South Africa, the Honorable Nelson Mandela. At the same time, a delegation of South African government officials is at work in our nation's capital. The delegation has just concluded two days of meetings in New York and has traveled to Washington, D.C. to explore how the South African government can work with their nation's financial community to foster community development in their homeland.  As one would expect, the racial composition of that delegation is mixed, drawn from the black and white populations within South Africa. It is a delegation of individuals working together for their government and the people of their nation. Would this delegation, different in race but together in spirit and purpose, be possible today if it were not for the life-long efforts of Nelson Mandela? Perhaps, but not likely.  Others more familiar with President Mandela's life journey from a prison cell to the Office of the President of South Africa will speak eloquently about the man we honor. I rise simply to say I believe it is most appropriate to honor a man who is the recipient of the 1993 Noble Peace Price and a man who will soon step down as President of South Africa when his term expires in April of 1999.  H.R. 3156 was introduced by Congressman Amo Houghton. It is co-sponsored by a majority of the House, including Speaker Gingrich and Minority Leader Gephardt. The Congressional Gold Medal is our nation's highest civilian honor presented to just over 100 individuals in our nation's history. Nelson Mandela will join people like Thomas Edison, Robert Frost, Winston Churchill and, most recently, Mother Teresa as Congressional Gold Medal recipients.  I extend my gratitude to my colleagues on the Banking Committee, notably Chairman Leach and the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Domestic and International Monetary Policy Subcommittee, Congressman Castle and Congresswoman Waters, respectively, for their efforts in bringing this bill to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3156 and ask you to join with me to congratulate Nelson Mandela for his life's work.  