Mr. Speaker, I called a special order tonight with a bipartisan delegation, Members of Congress that traveled from Washington to Birmingham, Montgomery, and Selma during March 6 through the 8th. Along with Members of the Congress that included Amo Houghton, Earl Hilliard, Sherrod Brown, Tom Barrett, Karen Thurman, Fred Upton, Diana DeGette, Eliot Engel, Sheila Jackson-Lee, we also had the head of the National Democratic Committee, Roy Roman, and Jim Nicholson, the Republican National Committee chair.  This trip was to be part of a dialogue on race, which was sponsored by Faith and Politics Institute under the leadership of Doug Tanner. These Members decided to travel to Birmingham to the site of the 16th Street Baptist Church and visit the church where four little girls were killed by a bomb on September 15, 1963, and from there to visit the Civil Rights Museum and to see some of the historic sites that changed America.  From there we traveled to the City of Montgomery, where we had an opportunity to visit the Dexter Avenue Baptist Church that Martin Luther King, Jr., was called to pastor in 1954 and where he led the successful Montgomery bus boycott.  We had an opportunity while we were in Montgomery to visit former Governor George Wallace and to talk with him, to shake his hand, to tour the capitol in the City of Montgomery, to visit the Civil Rights Memorial there and travel from Montgomery on early Sunday morning to the City of Selma, where we attended service at the Brown Chapel A.M.E. Church. And later we had lunch that was sponsored by the mayor of Selma, Mayor Smitherman.  In 1965, 33 years ago, in the City of Selma only 2.1 percent of blacks of voting age were registered to vote. In one county between Selma and Montgomery, Loundes County, that we traveled through on our way to Selma, in 1965 that county was more than 80 percent African-American. There was not a single registered African-American voter. But today in Selma in Loundes County in the State of Alabama we have witnessed unbelievable changes. It is a different State. It is a different place.  What I would like to do now, Mr. Speaker, is to yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Houghton), my colleague and the co-chair of the Faith and Politics Institute and one of the real leaders of this whole Dialogue on Race.  