Mr. Speaker, I come before you to speak for the principle of democracy, the doctrine of fairness, and the spirit of forgiveness.  America is sick. Her heart is heavy. Her soul is aching. And her spirit is low. Today our Nation stands at a crossroads, at the intersection of participatory democracy and the politics of personal destruction.  Today, my colleagues, we must choose, as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., wrote, between community and chaos. We must choose the course of partisan destruction or national reconciliation. We will, in our lifetime, never cast a more important vote. The spirit of history is upon us and the future of the republic before us.  Our obligation as citizens of the state are as old as human history and as fresh as the morning dew, to right wrong, do justice and love mercy. Our Constitution, that sacred document, is a covenant, a contract between the Government and those who are governed.  We must not, we cannot ignore the will of the people. Almost 50 million people elected Bill Clinton as our President in spite of his problems, his shortcomings and his failings. They, the people, elected Bill Clinton President of the United States and they want him to remain the President of the United States.  And yet some, some even in this Chamber, have never accepted the verdict of the people. They have never accepted Bill Clinton as their President. Instead they embarked on a crusade of personal destruction.  Our Constitution was never intended to be used as a hammer to destroy our political enemies. Some of our colleagues have been too quick to pick up the hammer of impeachment and swing it with reckless abandon. So bent are they on the destruction of this President that they would knock down the very pillars which support our constitutional system.  What President Clinton did was wrong. About that there can be no mistake. There is no disagreement, no debate. But how, how, my colleagues, should we respond? How we respond, how we act says as much about us and our character as it does about his. Let he that has no sin cast the first stone. Who among us has not sinned?  What the President did was wrong, but it simply does not rise to the height or sink to the depths of an impeachment offense. I know it, my colleagues know it and, most importantly, the American people know it.  Will we write a chapter or be consigned to a footnote. The spirit of history is upon us. Let us do what is right, let us do what is just and love mercy.  