Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise in support of the articles of impeachment before the House today.  Tomorrow, the House of Representatives will make one of the most solemn decisions it can make--whether to indict, or impeach, the President of the United States.  The historical significance of this week's action does not escape me. This is only the second time in our nation's history that Congress has voted on an impeachment inquiry. As we approach the votes that will occur later this week, I feel a burden of responsibility as never before during my years in public affairs.  Like most people in public service, President Clinton serves as a mentor to young people who come to the nation's capital with idealism and hope that they might learn the functions of government and participate in the legislative process. It is quite clear that thePresident grossly violated his responsibility as a mentor to a young woman working in the White House. As a parent, I find his behavior immoral and highly offensive. It shows a fundamental lack of judgment and a total disregard for human decency.  Truth is the cornerstone of our legal system; it must be upheld if our legal system is to endure. Lacking truth, our legal system means nothing. No man, not even the President, is above the truth or above the law. From the very beginning, I have wanted to give the President every benefit of the doubt. I have wanted to believe that he was telling the truth. But it is now clear that he repeatedly lied to the American people, to the Congress, to his staff, and to his own wife and family. The time this investigation has taken, and the toll it has taken on our country, is a direct result of the President's efforts to deny and evade the truth. He could have--and should have--told the truth from the very beginning but instead he chose to lie.  Anyone who has served in a court proceeding knows the significance of raising one's hand and taking an oath to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. A violation of that oath is perjury. It is now evident that the President has lied--repeatedly lied--while under oath. The first lie begot the second and the third lie which became a pattern intended to obscure the truth. He has also clearly violated the oath of office he took upon becoming President.  To maintain the fundamental integrity of our system of government, the President, like every other citizen, must be held accountable for his actions. His actions, detailed by the Judiciary Committee, provide sufficient evidence of obstruction of justice and represent an abuse of power. For this reason, I will vote to impeach the President on each of the four articles of impeachment when this matter comes before the full House.  President Clinton is an American President who has every political gift and who at one time had every opportunity to be one of the truly great presidents. Like most presidents, he could rightfully take credit for the many good things that have occurred under his watch--a robust economy, relative peace at home and abroad, and so much more. Unfortunately, this president will not be remembered for these things but for his inability to speak the truth. The verdict of history will cast a shadow upon this once promising presidency. While history remembers that George Washington could not tell a lie, it now appears that history may well remember Bill Clinton for his inability to tell the truth. Imagine the difference telling the truth would have made upon the historical legacy of William Jefferson Clinton.  