Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Spratt), for calling this special order. I join him and all of my colleagues in paying tribute to an extraordinary Member of this House, the gentleman from California, Ron Dellums.  He is my friend, he is my colleague, and he is my brother. I knew Ron Dellums long before I came to Congress. I knew him as a progressive thinker and a rare, gifted political leader.  When I came to Congress in 1987, I sought out Ron Dellums because of his steadfast commitment to principles. On all the big global issues, he is always leading the pack, serving as a compass for the right thing to do. As a supporter of disarmament, a crusader for social justice, and a defender of human rights, Ron Dellums has been a sure and steady voice for investing in human needs, rather than the B-2 bomber.  As the chairman and the ranking member of the Committee on National Security, Ron Dellums fought hard for a rational military policy, a policy that calls for reduction in the use of arms and the downsizing of military manpower and in the budget.  Through his hard work, he sought peace rather than war. Although he came to this body as a former marine, he must be looked upon today as a peaceful warrior, not only here in America, but around the world.  His record in Congress has followed a very old Biblical teaching: They shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning knives; nation shall not lift swords against nation, or even again be trained for war; and each man shall dwell under his own vine, under his own fig tree, undisturbed.  Some of the great lovers of peace are those who have known war. Ron Dellums has known war and has courageously sought peace. He has sought to build a world community, a community at peace with itself.  Ron Dellums, as I said before, is my colleague, our colleague, our friend, and my brother. We are more than lucky; we are truly blessed that he has brought honor to our country as a champion of peace.  Ron, we are going to miss you. We are going to miss your clear and distinct voice. We are going to miss your ability and your capacity to speak about building a world community based on peace, rather than division. We are going to miss your warm and abiding spirit.  I told you this before. I must tell you again. I hate to see you go. You know, if I was out on the street, I would say it another way. I probably would say, brother, maybe I would say, you are one that I hate to see go.  Your contribution has been so great that your absence will leave us weakened and less determined. We need you and people like you in public service now more than ever before.  You have told this Congress, you have told the American people and nations around the world to lay down the tools and instruments of violence. Time and time again you have stood in this well and told us to redirect our resources toward human beings, those who need food to eat, those who needto learn, and those who need to have a livable wage.  I hope one day as a Nation and as a people we heed your call, and I hope that day is soon. God knows, your call for peace is the right thing to do.  As you leave us this week, I know you will go on with your life's work, and I know you will be welcomed home by your family and the people of California's Ninth District. And, as you leave, may your journey continue to be blessed. And I want to thank you for your gift of public service to this Nation and to this world. Thank you, Ron Dellums. Thank you, Ron Dellums, for being you. We respect you, we love you, and we will always admire you.  