Mr. Speaker, I appreciate very much the distinguished majority leader yielding me the time.  I think we all from time to time step back and wonder what is the view of the American people of this great Capitol and the work that is done in both bodies. Ofttimes the shrill voices displayed on C-Span dwell upon the negative, those things that divide us. Indeed, all too often we find ourselves in the well of the House exchanging dialogue that certainly is far from the picture that is being displayed at this moment.  Is it not a tragedy that we have a circumstance where two of our very, very finest have given their lives on behalf of the country, as well as for us, and that such a tragedy in a different way causes us to pause and recognize that we are a family; that we work together, and all of us have much more in common than we have in difference.  Indeed, the men and women who work in the Capitol, the Members of both bodies, come here in commitment to our country in a belief that by being here, we can make a difference in peoples' lives and strengthen our Nation. It is very, very important that we take away from this a lasting memory of this family that we all are a part of. Members of Congress, professional staff, police officers, support personnel, all of us are a part of a great American family.  Tomorrow John Gibson and J.J. Chestnut will be honored in a ceremony befitting the finest of America's fallen leaders. I must say that my last picture of John Gibson reminded me of this in a special way. I was coming back from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, walking towards the House floor for a vote, walking past the office of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), and John Gibson said, ``How are you doing, Congressman,'' as he always does; a reminder that we are in this together.  Let us in the months ahead remember these two great heroes, and at the same time, have them remind us that our family is much, much more important than the differences we may have day in and day out.  