  Mr. President, the amendment that is now pending would require that when granting permits necessary for filming a movie or a TV show on Federal property, or with Federal equipment, the relevant agency's approval criteria now would include a consideration of whether the film glorifies or endorses wanton and gratuitous violence. The message is simple: The Federal Government will not allow Hollywood to promote excessive and wanton violence in our house.  America's children are exposed to incessant and endless hours of violent movies and television productions each year. Exposure to this violence desensitizes our children to brutality and killing and gives them ``glamorous'' murderous acts to emulate. This exposure is like pouring gasoline on fire.  Yes, the children who commit terrible acts of violence must have a number of deep and troubling problems. However, the glorified wanton violence depicted in movies and on TV is fuel that Hollywood is dousing on those children and their smoldering internal problems. This is not a revelation. Indeed, a 1996 American Medical Association Study concluded that, ``The link between media violence and real life violence has been proven by science time and time again.''  Most people know, intuitively, that there is a strong link between media violence and real life. Why is it that no one in Hollywood seems to care? Are they the only ones who are oblivious to this phenomenon? Why is there no shame about the violent junk they are making and MARKETING to our kids? Why do we hear Hollywood give speech after speech after speech on every fad-driven cause under the sun, and yet rarely ever do we hear them mention reforming themselves and refraining from marketing violence to our children.  Let's take a look at some of the media violence that our children are exposed to.  First, let's go to the movies.  Now, I'm told that Leonardo DiCaprio and Keanu Reeves are two of the biggest teen idols out there today. These photographs are both from recent hit movies--``The Basketball Diaries'' and ``The Matrix''.  Thanks to the occupant of the Chair, Senator Brownback, the Republican Senators had an opportunity to see some of the scenes from ``Basketball Diaries'' recently. That is one of the scenes from it here on my left.  The ``Matrix,'' featuring Keanu Reeves, is here on my right.  You can see from these photographs that Hollywood is taking the biggest teen idols and creating these glamorous, powerful, violent images to send out to our young people. These are role models for children.  As you can see here, in ``Basketball Diaries,'' teen idol DiCaprio is wearing a long, black trenchcoat and packing a shotgun. In this movie, DiCaprio's character has a fantasy of walking into his high school classroom and opening fire on his schoolmates and his teacher.  Thanks to the Senator from Kansas, Mr. Brownback, we had an opportunity to see this scene from that film. I think we would all agree--those of us who saw it--it literally turns your stomach.  These violent images became reality in the community of Paducah, Kentucky, barely 17 months ago. In a Paducah high school, the DiCaprio Dream was played out in real life. I'd like to read for my colleagues an excerpt from a Newsweek article about ``Basketball Diaries'' and the senseless tragedy in Paducah.       ``The Basketball Diaries'' may not have been 14-year-old      Michael Carneal's favorite     movie. But one scene in particular stayed with the awkward      Paducah, Ky., freshman: a young character's narcotic-tinged      dream of striding into his school, pulling a shotgun from a      black leather coat and opening fire. The real-life scene in      the bloodied halls of Heath High School last Monday was a      long way from Hollywood. Unlike handsome actor Leonardo      DiCaprio's dramatic entrance in 1995's ``Diaries,'' skinny,      bespectacled Michael bummed a ride to school that day from      his 17-year-old sister, Kelly. Instead of cinematically      kicking down a classroom door, Michael quietly followed Kelly      into the school through the band room, where he told a      curious teacher that the four guns bound together with duct      tape and wrapped in an old blanket were ``a poster for my      science project.'' Loitering in the hall, Michael waited for      a prayer group of 35 students to lift their bowed heads and      say ``Amen.'' He then took a fifth gun, a semiautomatic .22,      from his backpack and fired off 12 shots, killing three      students and wounding five. Before the police arrived,      Carneal would tell a teacher, `it was like I was in a dream.'  Looking back at Paducah, and now Littleton--and looking at these Hollywood images of teen idols--can leave no doubts. Hollywood violence DOES influence our children, in the worst way.  Let me tell you about this other hit movie--``The Matrix.'' The image of this character is strikingly similar to that over here of Mr. DiCaprio. Let me read to you how an article in the Washington Post described watching the Matrix.       The sold-out theatre was filled with younger teens, despite      the R rating, and at times I felt as if I were watching a      dramatization of the killings that had just occurred in      Littleton, Colorado.       In one scene, protagonists played by Keanu Reaves and      Carrie-Anne Moss arrive at an office building where their      adversaries are holed up. Dressed in black leather coats, the      pair sprays the lobby with automatic weapons fire. The scene      is a gorgeously choreographed ballet of mass killing, a      triumph of Hollywood's ability to represent graphic violence.      As bullets riddle a dozen twitching bodies, spent shell      casings cascade downward in slow motion. The victims of this      orgy of killing are police officers.  I have heard some in Hollywood say that these violent movies are for adults--not for our impressionable children. Those comments simply are not credible. The reality is that Hollywood markets many such movies to teenagers. For proof, one need only to look as far as the hit Teen Movie--``Scream.'' In this movie young, beautiful high school students slay, stab and butcher each other and their teachers for two non-stop hours. ``The movie builds to a finale in which one of the killers announces that he and his accomplice started off by murdering strangers but then realized it was a lot more fun to kill their friends.'' Where is the Shame, Hollywood?  Mr. President, if the sights and sounds of Hollywood were not enough for you, let me take you to the next level: the gutter of the new millennium--violent videogames. This is a dimension where our children are not limited to be mere watchers. Rather, in videogames they are participants--active participants. America's children can descend as low as a twisted, demented videogame will take them.  I think these games have been best-described by Retired Lieutenant Colonel David Grossman, a former professor of psychology at West Point who now teaches a course to green berets on the psychology of killing. He calls them ``Murder Simulators.'' These are the ``games" our children are playing.  In the videogame ``Postal'' the goal is straightforward: kill as many townfolk as possible without being killed yourself. The maker of this game boasts, ``Chilling realism as victims actually beg for mercy, scream for their lives and bodies pile up on the street.'' That game maker certainly has no shame.  I want to share with you some fascinating excerpts from a recent ``60 Minutes'' episode with Retired Lieutenant Colonel David Grossman, the former West Point professor I mentioned earlier. They discussed the ``skills'' these games are teaching our children.       Colonel Grossman. The same basic mechanisms that we use,      step by step, to make killing a conditioned response in our      soldiers, are being done in the games that the kids go and      play.  Mr. President, let me tell you what Colonel Grossman had to say about Paducah, Kentucky and Michael Carneal.       Colonel Grossman. Michael Carneal, a 14-year-old boy, has      never fired a pistol before in his life. His total experience      was countless, thousands and thousands of rounds in the video      games. When Michael Carneal opened fire; he fired eight      shots. . . . [H]e got eight hits on eight different kids.      Five of them were head shots. The other three were upper      torso. Now, the F.B.I. says in the average engagement, the      average officer hits with less than one bullet in five.  Grossman concluded:       Grossman. Here's what's fascinating about this crime. . . .      He held that gun and he fired one shot at every target. Now,      that is not natural. [A]nybody that's ever been in combat      will tell you that the natural thing is to fire at a target      until it drops. But the video games train you--if you're      very, very, very good, what you'll do is you'll fire one      shot--don't even wait for the target to drop--you don't have      time--go to the next, and the next. And the video games give      bonus effects for head shots.  Mr. President, I understand that the Motion Picture Association has been lobbying heavily against this amendment. I want to make sure everybody understands what this amendment really does. It is quite mild.  The problems evidenced by these video games and movies are complicated and complex. We are not going to solve them overnight. I do believe it is time that Hollywood take more responsibility. We need to send the message to Hollywood: Don't bombard our children with glamorous portrayals of gratuitous and wanton violence.  Under the first amendment, we cannot and we should not seek to deny the right of free speech to anyone. However, as the Senate, we can encourage Hollywood to take responsible steps to protect our children. We can make sure the Federal Government does not costar with Hollywood in any movies that glorify or endorse wanton and gratuitous violence.  The Federal Government already currently grants permits to Hollywood, allowing them to film on Federal property or allowing them to borrow Federal equipment such as jeeps or weapons to use in these films. Many government agencies and departments currently decide whether or not to cooperate with a film or TV production based on the nature and message of the proposed production.  For example, DOD decides whether to grant Federal filming privileges based on whether a production ``appear[s] to condone or endorse activities . . . [that] are contrary to U.S. Government policy.''  In other words, ``Top Gun'' is OK, but ``GI Jane'' is not. The military rolled out the red carpet for ``Top Gun'' while ``GI Jane'' had the door shut in her face.  When deciding whether to cooperate with a movie, NASA determines whether the ``story is reasonably plausible, does not advocate or glorify unlawful acts, . . . or present as factual history things which did not take place.''  The Coast Guard looks at whether, among other things, the Coast Guard's cooperation ``is in the public interest.'' Let me quote to you from 14 United States Code Section 659, where Congress has mandated in federal statute that the Coast Guard cannot provide facilities or assistance to film producers unless it determines ``that it is appropriate, and that it will not interfere with Coast Guard missions.''  The point is the Federal Government is already engaged in a clearance process when a motion picture seeks to be made on Federal property. We are not adding requirements that are not already there, with one exception. In this amendment where Federal agencies are already engaged in a subjective clearance process, either through statute or through policy, we add to it this standard: Promoting and endorsing or glorifying violence.  Clearly, this is not infringing on the movie industry's first amendment rights. They can simply go out and make their movies somewhere else. What we are saying here, if we are going to use our property, Federal property, and the agency already has a subjective clearance process, gratuitous, wanton and gratuitous violence needs to be added as a factor.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Voinovich). Who yields time in opposition?  