 President, let me second what the assistant Democratic leader has said. That is the anticipation with regard to the VA-HUD.  Mr. President, seeing no one on the floor at the moment, I thought I might make a few observations about the debate in which we are currently engaged.  One of the commonly stated myths that we have heard throughout the day is that soft money in our current campaign finance system is the cause of unprecedented public cynicism about, and distrust of, government. The truth is, according to a study published by Oxford Press in 1999, which was coordinated by the faculty of the Kennedy school and which benefited from the participation of scholars from the University of Michigan, the University of Arizona, and the University of Illinois, public trust in government and cynicism about government predates not only soft money but also the events that prompted the original Federal Election Campaign Act. According to this study, public trust in the Federal Government has suffered a fairly steady decline since 1958, when 75 percent of the American people trusted the Federal Government most of the time.  By the end of the Carter administration, this number had dropped to approximately 25 percent. This trend was temporarily reversed during the Reagan administration, but during the subsequent administrations, it again declined to near pre-Reagan levels of distrust. The fact that our campaign finance system and soft money have not caused a precipitous drop in public trust and an unprecedented increase in cynicism is confirmed by an even more recent study by two Harvard professors, which is going to press at the Princeton University Press. This study shows that trust in government did not precipitously decline during the scandal-ridden 1996 Presidential campaign.  These studies show that, according to most recent data available to these distinguished scholars, levels of public trust in government are currently no higher than they were in 1994 or at the end of the Carter administration in 1980. Simply put, the best and most recent scholarship establishes that public distrust of government predates our current campaign finance system and soft money, and the advent of our current campaign finance system and soft money have not accelerated the relatively steady decline in public trust that began in 1958. So it is clear that this debate we are having has absolutely nothing to do with the steady decline of confidence in our government.  Now, the prescription for this steady decline that has been offered by a variety of so-called reformers around here has been tried in some other democracies.  Let's look at Canada, for example. Our neighbors to the north already have passed many of the types of regulations supported by the proponents of the various reforms that are before the Senate or have been before the Senate in recent years. Canada has adopted the following regulations of political speech: spending limits that all national candidates must abide by to be eligible to receive taxpayer matching funds. Candidates can spend $2 per voter for the first 15,000 votes they get, $1 per voter for all the votes up to 25,000, and 50 cents per voter beyond 25,000.  Canada also has spending limits on parties that restrict parties to spending the product of a multiple used to account for cost of living times the number of registered voters in each electoral district in which the party has a candidate running for office. Right now, it comes out to about a dollar a voter.  Canada also has indirect funding via media subsidies. The Canadian Government requires that radio and television networks provide all parties with a specified amount of free air time during the month prior to an election. The government also provides subsidies to defray the costs of political publishing and gives tax credits to individuals and corporations which donate to candidates and/or parties.  That is the prescription in Canada. It is not all that dissimilar to the ones that have been promoted here in recent years, up to and including the bill we currently have before us.  Let's look at the attitude about government in Canada after all of these reforms. The most recent political science studies of Canada demonstrate that, despite all of this regulation of political speech by candidates and parties, the number of Canadians who feel ``the government doesn't care what people like me think'' has grown from roughly 45 percent to 67 percent. Confidence in the national legislature, after the enactment of all of these speech controls, has dropped from 49 percent to 21 percent. The number of Canadians satisfied with their system of government has declined from 51 percent to 34 percent.  Let's take a look at Japan. According to the Congressional Research Service:       Japanese election campaigns, including campaign financing,      are governed by a set of comprehensive laws that are the most      restrictive among democratic nations.  After forming a seven-party coalition government in August 1993, Prime Minister Hosokawa placed campaign finance reform at the top of his agenda. He asserted that his reforms would restore democracy in Japan. In November 1994, his reform legislation passed. After this legislation, the Japanese Government imposed the following restrictions on political speech:  Candidates are forbidden from donating to their own campaigns. Any corporation that is a party to a government contract, grant, loan, or subsidy is prohibited from making or receiving any political contributions for 1 year after they receive such a contract, grant, loan, or subsidy.  There are strict limits on what corporations and unions and individuals may give to candidates and parties. There are limits on how much candidates may spend on their own campaigns.  Candidates are prohibited from buying any advertising in magazines and newspapers beyond the five print media ads of a specified length that the government purchases for each candidate.  Parties are allotted a specified number of government-purchased ads of a specified length. The number of ads a party gets is based on the number of candidates they have running. It is illegal for these party ads to discuss individual candidates.  In Japan, candidates and parties spend nothing on media advertising because not only are they prohibited from purchasing print media ads, but they are also prohibited from buying time on television or radio.  The government requires TV stations to permit parties and each candidate a set number of television and radio ads during the 12 days prior to the election.  Each candidate gets one government-subsidized televised broadcast.  The government's election management committee provides each candidate with a set number of signboards and posters that subscribe to the standard government-mandated format.  The Election Management Committee also designates the places and times candidates may give speeches.  The government says when candidates may speak, and where they may speak.  You may ask: What happened after these exacting regulations on political speech that amount to a reformer's wish list were imposed in Japan? Did cynicism decline? Did trust in government increase? Not so, as you notice.  Following the imposition of these regulations, the number of Japanese saying they had no confidence in legislators rose to 70 percent.  Following these regulations, only 12 percent of Japanese believe the government is responsive to the people's opinions and wishes.  The percentage of Japanese satisfied with the Nation's political system fell to 5 percent.  Voter turnout continued to decline.  Let's take a look at France.  In France, there is significant regulation of political speech with government funding of candidates, government funding of parties, free radio and television time, reimbursement for printing posters, and for campaign-related transportation.  In France, they ban contributions to candidates by any entity except parties to PACs.  Individual contributions to parties are limited.  Strict expenditure limits are set for each electoral district in place.  Every single candidate's finances are audited by the Commission Nationale, generally known as CCFP, to ensure compliance with the rules.  Despite all of these regulations on political speech in France, the latest studies indicate the French people's confidence in their government and political institutions has continued to decline. Voter turnout has continued to decline.  Let's look at Sweden.  Sweden imposed the following regulations on political speech: There is no fundraising for spending for individual candidates at all. Citizens merely vote for parties which assign seats on the proportion of votes they receive.  The government subsidizes print ads by the parties.  Despite the fact that Sweden allows no fundraising or spending for individual candidates, since these requirements have been in force the number of Swedes disagreeing with the statement that ``parties are only interested in people's votes, not in their opinions'' has declined from 51 percent to 28 percent.  The number of people expressing confidence in the Swedish Parliament has declined from 51 percent to 19 percent.  So it is clear that many assertions made by the proponents of additional campaign finance regarding the causal link between the campaign finance system or soft money, and voter turnout, public cynicism, national pride, and the health of our democracy are not supported but actually contradicted by the best and most recent scholarship and empirical data available from prestigious academics at institutions such as the Kennedy School at Harvard and the University of California System's Center for the Study of Democracy, and contrary to the experience of the other industrialized democracies that have passed the type of measures desired by proponents of more regulation of political speech.  The rationale for all of this has been that we need to clean up the system, squeezing out all of these private interests so everybody will have more confidence in the government.  That didn't work anywhere overseas. So let's take a look at the United States.  Voter turnout at home: In the end, we don't even have to look at other countries to see that speech controls do not increase confidence, nor do they increase voter turnout. In 1974, as we all know, the Federal Election Campaign Act was expanded to limit the amount of money that Presidential candidates could raise and spend. That is the system under which the current candidates for President operate.  So if the reformers premise that limiting speech increases turnout is true, then surely voting in American Presidential elections would have increased over the last 25 years. Let's look at the statistics.  In the 1950s and 1960s, before the passage of the Federal Election Campaign Act, the average voter turnout was consistently at 60 percent or higher.  So post-1974 must have been higher, right? After all, we passed the Federal Election Campaign Act. After all, the Congress supposedly gave us ``comprehensive reform'' for the Presidential system in 1974.  But the numbers show the emptiness of the reformers' rhetoric. The voter turnout for every Presidential election postreform has never reached 60 percent. In fact, the postreform high was 1992 when voter turnout reached 55 percent.  Even if one accepts the reformers' notion that voter turnout and voter confidence are problems in America, banning issue speech by political parties is clearly not the solution. Having less speech, less debate, and less discussion is clearly not going to have a positive impact on voter turnout, and there are simply no statistics--none whatsoever--to substantiate the claim that passing the kind of legislation which is before us today, or the kind that has been before us seemingly annually for the last 10 or 12 years, would have any impact whatsoever on reducing cynicism or raising turnout.  I yield the floor.  