 President, I would like to respond that the observations made by the other side have nothing to do with the amendment, nothing whatsoever to do with the amendment.  Any movie company is free to go make a movie anywhere it wants to in the country and say anything it wants to and be as depraved as it wants to be without interference from Government. This amendment is only related to the use of Federal property.  In many federal agencies and departments there are subjective standards being used now to approve or deny cooperation with film production companies. The thing the Senator from Vermont and the Senator from California are complaining about is already occurring. The Department of Defense has very subjective standards it applies to movies now. For example, it did not allow ``GI Jane'' to be made on Federal property or with DOD assistance. It did not keep the movie from being made, but the Defense Department did not like it; it had a very subjective standard. They said go make your movie somewhere else. They liked ``Top Gun.'' They allowed it to be made. There is a very subjective standard that applies now.  DOD considers whether a production ``appears to condone or endorse activities that are contrary to U.S. Government policy.'' That is clearly very subjective. Factors in NASA's policy include whether the story is reasonably plausible, does not advocate or glorify unlawful acts or present as factual history things which did not take place--that is fairly subjective.  At the Coast Guard, under statute, the Coast Guard does not provide facilities or assistance to film producers unless the Guard determines it is ``appropriate''--very subjective--and that it will not interfere with Coast Guard missions.  Mr. President, a movie company now does not have the inalienable right or constitutional right to come onto Federal property and do anything it wants to. All we are saying, to Federal agencies that have either a policy or a statute giving them the authority to clear these movies for content--and we've seen that some have them now--that they simply add to the list of subjective evaluations they already make a consideration of wanton and gratuitous violence. Surely our colleagues who have spoken on the other side of this are not arguing we ought to repeal the current standards because they are very subjective. Maybe they do not want any standard at all to apply with respect to the use of Federal property.  With regard to the parks system, they do not currently have subjective criteria and standard, so this would not apply to them. They are clearly outside of this.  This is a very narrowly crafted message to Hollywood not to produce this kind of gratuitous and wanton violence on Federal property with federal cooperation. It certainly does not take away anybody's constitutional right to go out and act in as awful a manner as they want to and put it on film. They just wouldn't be able to do it on Federal property.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  