 President, the committee was provided an allocation virtually identical to last year's bill of $12.6 billion. Although it is $1.8 billion below the request, I think it effectively manages our global responsibilities, and it does so within the budget caps.  For the past few years, the bill has emphasized funding in two areas--export promotion and growth in the New Independent States of the former Soviet Union. This bill sustains that commitment--in fact, expands support for export promotion by $20 million for a total of $785 million to the Export-Import Bank.  This year, we have added recovery and reconstruction in Southeast Europe to our priority list.  While I expect the Europeans to bear the lion's share of responsibility for reconstruction, we have concrete trade interests in regional economic recovery and security interests in promoting stability and democracy.  With funds straight lined, this becomes a zero sum game. We have to reach consensus on tradeoffs and priorities.  There is no question that this will mean reductions in other accounts--but it's time to recognize priorities. There are obvious and easy cuts that the administration can make. Just as one example, the administration has asked for another $70 million for Haiti after spending billions in Haiti, with little to show for it. In fact, recent press accounts report an increase in drug trafficking through Haiti, and we have failed at every turn to restore a legitimate government.  This is just one example where I think the administration could cut back in order to serve more urgent priorities.  There are others. The request from the administration is redundant in the area of peacekeeping. They have asked for funds for a global peace keeping initiative, a regional Africa peacekeeping account and the Africa Crisis Response Initiative which trains peacekeepers.  I think we can and should shift priorities. We have just waged a war in Europe, and we need to build the foundation for sustaining the peace in the aftermath of that war.  The Balkans Initiative in this bill does three things to serve what I see as our long term interests: It rids the region of Milosevic by declaring Serbia a terrorist state; we increase funding for stability and recovery; and we condition funds to Russia on total cooperation with NATO in Kosovo.  Let me elaborate.  In section 525, the bill establishes Serbia's status as a terrorist nation. With this terrorist designation, the administration cannot provide bilateral or support multilateral aid, and Belgrade is stripped of protections under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act.  This in turn, will allow Kosovars to take Milosevic to court for damages rendered during his brutal war of ethnic annihilation.  The administration has complained that this designation is inflexible and unreasonable, that Serbia is not the same as the other countries on the terrorism list because they don't sponsor groups such as Hezbollah.  Frankly, I am hard pressed to understand the difference between thugs blowing up a village with a car bomb or thugs shelling and burning a village to the ground.  The intent and the impact are the same. In both instances, innocent civilians are the targets and the victims.  The second important change in the bill affects funding. We have increased and changed the funding mix to fulfill two goals. We have tried to promote refugee confidence to return home, and relieve the pressure on the front-line states.  The administration requested $393 million for Eastern and Central Europe which included $55 million for Serbia and $175 million for Bosnia.  I have taken out Serbia's funds, cut back on Bosnia and added $142 million for a total of $535 million.  Of the total the bill earmarks $150 million for Kosovo, $85 million for Albania, $60 million for Romania, $55 million for Macedonia, $45 million for Bulgaria, and $35 million for Montenegro, leaving $105 million unallocated for other regional uses.  We have also earmarked funds within the Kosovo account to promote internal stability and confidence including the provision of $20 million to train and equip a Kosovo security force. Again, the administration had complained bitterly about this provision on the grounds that it arms the KLA at a time when the agreement is seeking to dismantle their capabilities.  There is nothing in the bill which calls for arming or supporting the KLA. In fact, the administration has plans to train and equip a police force and has estimated that this will cost $25 million. The bill is not consistent with the planning underway. It simply earmarks funds for a security force which I view as essential to any Kosovar having confidence the past will not be repeated.  Members of the KLA may very well be included in a security force, but that is not a decision for us to make. A Kosovo civilian government should make all decisions regarding recruitment standards, organization and supervision of internal security. Autonomy can not be preserved without security--that is just what this $20 million will launch.  In addition, to strengthen democracy, we have provided $20 million to support the development of local government institutions. This support should help the Kosovars rebuild independent judicial, legislative, and executive branches of self-government, as well as help at the local municipal level.  The United States made a commitment at Rambouillet to support a three year period of autonomy which would be followed by some kind of final decision on political status. Specifically, the Secretary of State pledged to support a referendum on independence if that is the course Kosovars chose.  I think we all hope that a change of government in Belgrade might produce conditions which would allow Kosovo to maintain some kind of tie with a democratic federation. In the interim, however, Kosovo must develop the capabilities and institutions to govern themselves, which I believe these funds will support.  Finally, the bill conditions future Russian aid on total cooperation with NATO on peacekeeping. The administration seemed caught by surprise when Russian troops marched into and took up positions at the Pristina airport. Frankly, I was surprised that they did not take up positions along the Belgrade-Pristina road. This move was calculated and inevitable--notwithstanding senior officials' attempts to explain it was just a few rogue troops.  If stability is to be restored in Kosovo, the Russian's cannot be allowed to maintain a client relationship with Serbia which may lead to de facto partition of the country.  To prevent this outcome, we link Russian aid to the Secretary of State certifying that the Russians have not established a separate zone of operational control, and that their forces are completely integrated under NATO command and control.  In the last few days, the Secretary of Defense seems to have worked out an arrangement that may secure these objectives. We all certainly hope so. But, just as the administration was surprised by the dash to control the Pristina airport, they could be surprised by difficulties in implementing the agreement. We must maintain some leverage to assure there is full compliance with the current expectations.  And, lest anyone doubt the relevance of this leverage, I suggest a review of the vote to condition aid to Russia on a withdrawal timetable from the Baltics. This was a few years back. Every leader in the region called me after the 89-11 Senate vote to congratulate the Senate for securing immediate negotiations which produced the desired result.  In other words, what we did in the early nineties was to condition Russian aid on withdrawal of troops from the Baltic countries. Shortly after we had that vote in the Senate, the Russian troops were out of the Baltic countries.  Beyond, the Balkans, this bill maintains United States interests in the New Independent States of the former Soviet Union and sustains our financial commitment to crucial allies ranging from Israel to Indonesia.  I also want to mention the increase in this bill's funding levels for the surveillance and treatment of infectious diseases. A recent process report noted that children and vulnerable populations are dying at a staggering rate of treatable and often preventable diseases. Thanks to Senator Leahy's commitment, we are now in our third year of a multi-year strategy to significantly increase the U.S. commitment to control and prevent infectious diseases.  Finally, let me say that there is no question we could have spent more on foreign operations program. Senators Leahy and I have both expressed strong support for increasing foreign assistance initiatives. However, working together, we have produced a bill which lives within the budget caps. It is very similar to the bill we passed in the Senate just 1 year ago with an overwhelming bipartisan majority vote of 90-3. Senator Leahy and I certainly hope that will be the result again this year.  Before passing the baton over to my friend and colleague from Vermont, I thank him, at the beginning of what we think will be a rather short debate, for his leadership and cooperation in producing a bipartisan bill that went through the Appropriations Committee without dissent and we think has widely accommodated the interests of Members who take a particular interest in this bill every year.  We anticipate very few amendments. I will say in advance what I hope to do is, sometime before noon, seek consent that all amendments be in by a reasonable time today--probably by noon --within an hour from now. What I hope we can do is ask for a consent agreement to have all amendments filed before noon. There is every reason to believe this bill should be handled very quickly, and we hope we will have maximum cooperation from other Members of the Senate to do that.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  