 We try to do it through the authorization and then appropriations process, but to suggest that it is somehow unsavory or inappropriate behavior for there to be an appropriation without an authorization I think is stretching the matter quite a distance. There is certainly nothing improper about it.  We can have a policy argument about whether every single item ought to be authorized--and most of them are--but it certainly would not be appropriate to cast aspersions on the integrity of a Member of the Senate for trying to deliver something for his or her home State that might have at some point not been authorized by an authorizing committee.  What is new is Senators who serve here, walking these Halls every day, who meet with their fellow Senators every day, who watch their fellow Members take official actions every day, go before the American people and declare openly and with great conviction that votes are being bought in the Halls of the U.S. Capitol. When Senators make those kinds of allegations about their colleagues, I think we are suggesting they ought to back it up. They ought to back it up.  There are specific rules in the Senate that prevent taking an official action in order to reward somebody for a contribution. In addition to that, we have bribery statutes involving public officials:       Any public official who ``directly or indirectly,''      corruptly, demands, seeks, receives,     accepts, or agrees to receive or accept anything of value      personally or for any other person or entity, in return for .      . . being influenced in the performance of any official act .      . . shall be fined under this title . . . or imprisoned for      not more than 15 years, or both, and may be disqualified from      holding any office of honor, trust, or profit under the      United States.  We have suggestions of violations not only of Senate rules but of Federal bribery statutes, without specifics. That is unfair to the Members of this body who are doing their very best to represent their constituents who are honest, hard-working, and good citizens. It is unfair to the Members of the Senate to have these aspersions cast on their honor and the honor of this institution.  There is an amendment at the desk which is the subject of this debate. Let me describe what it would do. It is an amendment that would amend the Senate Code of Conduct to create an affirmative duty for all Senators who report any credible information of corruption directly to the Ethics Committee. As a former chairman of the Ethics Committee, I am familiar with Ethics Committee rule 3 that requires every member of the Ethics Committee to report credible information of corruption to the committee.  The charges of corruption that are being made in this body require Members to extend the Ethics Committee rule to the full Senate. In the past, there has been an affirmative duty on the part of members of the Ethics Committee to report information about corruption directly to the committee. I think that now should be extended to the whole Senate because we have a number--at least two Members of the Senate--who have been alleging corruption. They have an affirmative duty, if this amendment passes, to report that corruption to the Ethics Committee so we can all get to the bottom of it because these allegations demean the entire Senate.  The message of this amendment is simple. If any Member of this body knows of corruption, he or she must formally report it to the Ethics Committee. In addition, the amendment also amends the Federal Criminal Code to establish mandatory minimum penalties for public officials who engage in corruption.  Our criminal law is full of mandatory minimum penalties already. We have imposed them for a variety of different offenses over the years. For example, arson on Federal property requires a mandatory minimum penalty of 5 years in prison; special immigration attorneys disclosing classified information requires a mandatory minimum penalty of 10 years imprisonment; bribery involving meat inspectors requires a minimum of 3 years imprisonment; bribery involving harbor employees requires a minimum of 6 months imprisonment.  We have mandatory minimum penalties for bribery involving harbor employees and meat inspectors. Surely it is not too much to ask we establish mandatory minimum penalties for bribery involving public officials.  My amendment establishes that a conviction involving bribery of public officials as set forth in 18 USC 201 triggers a mandatory minimum penalty of $100,000, 1 year imprisonment, and disqualification from holding any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States.  As Henry Clay once stated, ``Government is a trust and the officers of the government are trustees.'' I believe that principle to be true. These amendments firmly establish the principle in our Senate Code of Conduct in our criminal law.  Before we pass laws that restrict the free speech rights of every American citizen, we should restrict ourselves. Let's regulate the 100 men and women who cast votes in this great body before we regulate the speech of more than 250 million Americans.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  