 President, the scourge of illegal drugs is one of the greatest problems facing our nation today. We have all heard stories about the wreckage of crime and shattered lives that drugs leave in their wake. Tragically, after years of steady progress in the war on drugs we have seen a reversal in hopeful trend lines under the current administration. I believe that the Ashcroft-Hatch-Abraham amendment can be an important step towards reducing the trend of increased drug use and putting our nation back on the road to victory in the war on drugs.  I am pleased that this legislation takes special aim at methamphetamines. In recent years, ``meth'' as it is called, has emerged as the leading illegal drug of choice, replacing cocaine as the most popularly used drug. In some ways ``meth'' is even worse than cocaine. It is cheap, easy to produce, highly addictive, and it kills. This drug is proving especially devastating in rural America. In my State of Kentucky, ``meth'' labs have been springing up like a deadly cancer in our communities. The methamphetamines produced in these labs are addicting adults and children at an alarming rate. We need to do something to combat this threat to our families and communities.  This antidrug legislation contains some important provisions to strengthen the war on drugs. The increased sentences for methamphetamines related offenses will send a clear message to dealers, producers, and users that we will not tolerate the problems they are bringing to our communities. This legislation also directs the DEA to mount a comprehensive offensive against this drug. Finally, it will provide additional resources for hard hit areas--especially those in rural America--that are struggling with the rising tide of ``meth'' production and use. The legislation will help these areas combat methamphetamine trafficking and implement abuse prevention efforts.  Mr. President, methamphetamine production and use has become a very serious problem in our country. It is time that Congress took aim at this issue. I support this legislation and urge all of my colleagues to do likewise.  