 President, might I suggest a solution to the problem of my friend from Arizona. He might want to look at the amendments. If he does not find them offensive, maybe he would want to give his Republican colleagues an opportunity to lay down their amendments, to discuss them, and lay them aside, with the understanding that, obviously, they would get a vote at someplace down the road, unless they were filibustered.  I would ask my friend from Arizona, what would be wrong in taking a look at the amendments, one by one, and if they met the Senator's approval, maybe he would give our Republican colleagues an opportunity to have some votes?  Mr. McCAIN. If the Senator would allow----  Mr. McCONNELL. I yield for a question.  Mr. McCAIN. I cannot ask you a question. I can only answer. You can yield the floor, and I will be glad to yield the floor back.  Mr. McCONNELL. I do not yield the floor, but there must be some way for the Senator from Arizona to express himself. I will be glad to yield to him for a question.  Mr. McCAIN. I will try to frame it as a question.  Is the Senator aware that up until half an hour ago we were not allowed to see the amendment nor have we been able to see your proposed unanimous consent request--we were not allowed to look at it. Now we have achance to look at it. We would be glad to look at it, but I still say, if the Senator from Kentucky wants to really move forward, then we go into a quorum call, we sit down, as has been my habit in 13 years on the floor here, and see if we cannot work out an agreement. If we cannot, then we will not. But that is the way we usually do it.  I want to assure the Senator from Kentucky that, from my viewpoint, as long as we are protected, as long as we can make sure this is a straightforward process, then I am eager for additional amendments to be considered when debate on this particular amendment has been consumed.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  Mr. McCONNELL. I believe I have the floor, Mr. President.  