 President, I rise today to join my esteemed colleagues--Senators Hutchison, Graham, Voinovich, Abraham, and others--in sponsoring legislation to protect the States' tobacco settlement funds from the Clinton Administration's spurious recoupment claims.  Members of the U.S. Senate will recall quite vividly that this chamber engaged in a lengthy, detailed debate on a national tobacco settlement bill last year. While those discussions proved inconclusive, the States--on their own--achieved much of what Congress and the White House identified as priorities through direct settlement agreements with the tobacco companies.  As part of the comprehensive settlement with 46 states and the prior individual State agreements, the tobacco companies are required to take specific action to address public health concerns regarding teen smoking. First, they must fund a major anti-smoking advertising campaign to prevent youth smoking and to educate consumers about tobacco-related illnesses. Second, they must establish a charitable foundation to support the study of programs to reduce teen smoking and substance abuse. Third, the settlement prohibits tobacco advertising that may target youth, like the commercial use of cartoon characters like ``Joe Camel'' and outdoor advertising such as billboard, stadium and transit ads as well as tobacco sponsorship of sporting and cultural events. In addition, the States have plans to spend their tobacco settlement funds for advancing the public health and welfare.  Much to the dismay of the nation's governors and state legislators, instead of receiving a commendation from the President for a job well done, they got a multi-billion dollar collection notice. Despite the fact that the States filed lawsuits asserting a number of non-Medicaid claims, the Clinton Administration argues that every state who agreed to the $206 billion settlement should fork over from 50 to 79 percent of their share to the federal government--including states like Kentucky who didn't even file a lawsuit but joined the settlement. As such, the President's FY 2000 budget states that the federal government has the right to withhold at least $16 billion Medicaid dollars from the States over the next five years.  Simply put, Mr. President, this bogus claim will deny Kentucky's most needy citizens over $2.4 billion in Medicaid funds over the term of the settlement agreement. I cannot excuse the fundamental conflict created by an Administration that claims it is fighting for the health of our children while it gobbles up the money specifically designated for them. This effort to hold state Medicaid programs hostage in exchange for federal strings on how the States spend their own money is intolerable and unacceptable.  Unlike the Administration, I believe all wisdom does not reside in Washington. It's clear to me that our state's elected officials are in a better position to determine Kentucky's needs than a federal bureaucrat sitting 600 miles away in Washington. I am proud to serve as an original sponsor to this legislation which makes clear that the federal government has no claim to the tobacco settlement funds attained by the States. I commend my fellow sponsors for their commitment to preserving common-sense in government, and urge my colleagues to approve this legislation expediently and without compromise.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to be a co-sponsor of the States' Rights Protection Act. This bill will ensure that the states retain the use of the settlement proceeds from the tobacco litigation settlement announced in November, 1998, as well as the prior settlements with Mississippi, Texas, Florida, and Minnesota. The bill will entitle the states to keep all of the money from the settlement, without federal recoupment of a Medicaid share.  I believe this is the right thing to do for several reasons. First, and foremost, the settlement was of litigation initiated and pursued by the states. The President announced in his State of the Union address that the Department of Justice will be filing an action on behalf of the United States against the tobacco companies. This is the right way for federal claims to be addressed, rather than taking this hard-fought, negotiated money from the states.  Second, not all of the states raised Medicaid claims in their lawsuits. The courts dismissed the Medicaid claims in other cases. Thus, in some states, the federal government is not truly entitled to share in the settlement proceeds. Allowing recoupment from some of the states, but not all of the states, will lead to disparate and unfair results.  Finally, federal and state governments alike share in the goal of addressing public health needs. It is not necessary that this goal only be accomplished through federally mandated programs. The states' settlement also includes funding for counter-advertising and cessation efforts. These efforts may be complemented by federal programs, but do not need to be duplicated simply to give the federal government an excuse to spend money. In addition, many states have other existing public health programs related to tobacco use or children's health on the books. The federal government does not need to attempt to duplicate those programs through federal mandates. Most importantly, I am confident that the state will spend their settlement money wisely and in the best interests of their citizens. These decisions are best reached through discussion and consensus reached at the state and local levels.  I regret that Congress was unwilling to accept the opportunity presented to us with the 1997 proposed settlement agreement. Comprehensive legislation would have benefited the nation by addressing kids smoking and limiting the excessive attorney's fees paid in these cases. Nevertheless, I applaud the Attorneys General for reaching settlement of their litigation and for thepublic health advances they have made in the settlement agreement. They have ensured a win for every state, without years of litigation and varied results. They have ensured an end to Joe Camel on billbroads throughout the country. They have established a mechanism to police advertising. They have achieved more in this joint settlement than any one state could have achieved alone with a court verdict.  I thank my colleague, Senator Hutchison, for introducing this bill, and am pleased to join with so many other distinguished friends in sponsoring this important piece of states' rights legislation.  