 President, we have just completed the 20th cloture vote on this subject since 1987. Since my party took over the majority in the Senate, the 52-48 vote was the highest watermark actually during that period, and going all the way back over the 20 years I have been involved in this issue.  So I thank the 48 Senators--regretfully, all of them were Republican--who resisted the temptation to support a measure that would have quieted the voices of American citizens and destroyed the effectiveness of our national political parties.  Then, on the second vote, which was narrowed to only affect the two great political parties, there were 47 votes against that proposal, which is more than we had gotten on a much broader measure back in the first Congress after my party took over the Senate.  So I think it is safe to say there is no momentum whatsoever for this kind of measure which seeks to put the Government in charge of what people may say, when they may say it, and attempts to take the two great American political parties out of the process.  I thank the Senator from Arizona for retracting his statements on his web site which were highly offensive to the Senator from Utah and the Senator from Washington State. We took a look at the web site. Those have been deleted and we thank the Senator from Arizona for doing that.  Turning to the sequence of events over the last week, we began the debate on Wednesday, October 13. Admittedly, it was later in the day than the majority leader had intended. That was the day of the vote on the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, but those who were on the floor were ready to go and suggested we begin Wednesday night at 7:30 p.m. and get started on the bill. There seemed to be not a whole lot of desire on either side to begin at that time of the night.  On Thursday, Republicans offered Senator McCain and Democrats an overall agreement providing for a vote on the Daschle-Shays-Meehan amendment, and providing that all other amendments must be offered by 5:30 on Monday. Consequently, this agreement would have outlined an orderly fashion for debate and final disposition of the campaign finance reform bill. That agreement was objected to by Senator McCain and our Democratic colleagues.  On Friday, Republicans offered Senator McCain and the Democrats an agreement that would provide for a time limit for debate on the Daschle-Shays-Meehan amendment and a vote in relation to that amendment. That agreement was also objected to by our Democratic colleagues.  Also on Friday, several efforts were made on behalf of the Republicans to proceed with amendments to the pending campaign finance reform bill. The minority leader and the assistant minority leader then offered first and second-degree amendments, thereby filling up the amendment tree. The first-degree amendment offered was the Shays-Meehan bill and the second degree was the McCain-Feingold bill. Cloture was then filed on each amendment in the order stated. Those cloture votes, of course, have just occurred.  Again, on Friday, numerous unanimous consent agreements were offered, largely by this Senator, in an effort to lay aside the pending Democratic amendments in order to proceed with the amending process. Those consent agreements were objected to by the Democrats and thus the Senate was put in a holding pattern awaiting today's cloture votes.  Yesterday, the Senate debated throughout the day the pending two amendments, and the Senator from Arizona made a motion to table the Reid second-degree amendment and the motion to table vote occurred at 5:45 yesterday and was defeated by a vote of 92-1.  The consent was offered to debate between 9:30 and 12:30 on Tuesday--today--calling for the cloture votes at 2 p.m. on Tuesday. That was objected to. Therefore, the Senate had no alternative than to convene at 1:15 today and use the cloture rule to have the cloture votes occur at 2:15.  For the benefit of those who may not have followed this debate quite as closely as the Senator from Kentucky, I wanted to lay out the sequence of events since last Wednesday when we went to the bill and the numerous efforts were made to have an open amending process so we could have a chance to improve a bill that obviously is fatally flawed.  As is the case in all measures of any controversy in the Senate, I think it is important to remember every controversial measure has to achieve a 60-vote threshold. That is not unusual. That is the norm. It should not be surprising that this highly controversial measure, which many people on my side believe is not bipartisan and not properly crafted, would be subjected to the same 60 votes as other controversial measures.  The majority leader and the Republicans lived up to their end of the agreement. We are disappointed the Democrats refuse to abide by it. I am equally disappointed to hear the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from Wisconsin have announced they now refuse to honor that agreement.  