 President, I am told by the parliamentary experts who serve us that to amend the rest of the tree is essentially a waste of time. So as a practical matter, what our Democratic colleagues are doing is preventing Republicans from offering amendments. This has the result of putting us back to the way we have handled this in the past, which the Senator from Arizona and I thought the other side had agreed we would not do this time, which was to allow amendments. The practical effect of where we are now is we are going to have two cloture votes, which is the way this issue has been dealt with in recent years, and it prevents Senators from offering amendments, having them debated, and having them voted on. I think that is unfortunate.  Mr. President, on the substance of the issue, unless there is some change of heart on the part of my good friend from Nevada, and I see he, with a determined look on his face, has taken his seat, I assume the last word on that issue has been uttered.  Mr. McCAIN. Could I prevail one more time on the Senator from Kentucky to yield for a question?  Mr. McCONNELL. I yield for a question.  Mr. McCAIN. According to the parliamentary exchange that I heard between you and the President, the Senator from Utah still can offer an amendment; is that correct?  Mr. McCONNELL. He can offer an amendment, but if their amendment were adopted, his is wiped out. What I am told is it, in effect, makes the offering of the amendment an exercise in futility. That is what I am advised.  Mr. McCAIN. By the brains?  Mr. McCONNELL. Yes, by our super-Parliamentarian.  Mr. McCAIN. I thank the Senator for his response.  Mr. McCONNELL. I thank the Senator from Arizona for being willing to let our colleagues offer their amendments. Let me repeat, where that leaves us is we have been shut out, as a practical matter, by the other side and denied an opportunity to offer important amendments that many of us believe would have improved this bill.  I want to encourage Senator Burns and Senator Bennett, who are on the floor, to go ahead and say what they would have done had they had the opportunity to do it. I think this is a very constructive amendment, and if they will just indulge me for one moment, I will yield the floor, and I hope they get an opportunity to discuss the amendment they would have offered had they had an opportunity to do so.  