 As has been stated by all the speakers, basically this is an amendment to tell the States how to spend money that they achieve through a settlement with the tobacco industry. Not only money, but a huge amount of money--$40 billion--just ontobacco use reduction advertising and programs.  To contrast that with the advertising budgets of private enterprise in this country, ``Advertising Age'' said U.S. companies spend a total of $208 billion on advertising all of their products last year. The top 100 advertisers spent a total of $58 billion last year. In California and New York, this would mean $5 billion worth of ads to each of those States; in Pennsylvania, $2.25 billion worth of ads; and in my State, $700 million worth of ads.  Mr. President, this would be one of the most massive advertising campaigns in the history of the country, probably the most massive in the history of the country--public or private. Because advertising rates in my home State are not particularly high, that could translate into over 1,000 days of nonstop TV commercials. That is almost 3 years. And we think political campaigns go on too long.  Contrast this with all Federal Government drug control spending of $16 billion. Members get the picture. If the Specter amendment were approved, we would have the Federal Government spending more money, by far, attacking a legal product than the Clinton administration currently spends in its war on drugs. There is $40 billion targeted at tobacco use, $16 billion against illegal drug use. It makes a person wonder if it would be better to simply pay America's 40 million smokers $1,000 apiece to quit. Send them $1,000 checks each, to quit. It would be a lot cheaper than what we have before the Senate.  As has been stated by other speakers, the National Governors' Association has strongly committed itself to supporting antitobacco programs in the respective States. The States know better how to spend this money and will do so efficiently through existing State mechanisms. If the Federal Government dictates how the States should spend the money and the mechanisms are not there, the States will have to create them--creating even more bureaucracy.  The final outrage is that this amendment requires the elected Governors of the States to report to Secretary Shalala on how they are going to spend their money. This is truly an egregious effort by the Federal Government to dictate to the States how they ought to spend money that they are entirely entitled to under any system of justice.  Let me repeat: This calls for a $40 billion advertising campaign against a legal product, yet the Federal Government currently spends only $16 billion in its illegal drug enforcement effort.  The Hutchison proposal is the correct one. This amendment should be defeated.  