 President, there has been a lot of talk about where the so-called constitutional scholars are on the constitutionality of this measure and its other incarnations we have had before us in the last few years.  One of the scholars cited by the proponents of this legislation, Professor Robert W. Benson of Loyola Law School, wrote an article before NAFTA was enacted called, ``Free Trade as an Extremist Ideology.'' The article, to put it mildly, is critical of the North American Free Trade Agreement.  In it, Benson states:       Ideological extremism . . . is pushing an agenda of radical      risk taking in the form of the North American Free Trade      Agreement and the General Agreement on Tariffs.  He says free trade is ``a classic extremist ideology, just as, until recently, Marxism and Leninism was.''  He says the idea of free trade fits ``two criteria that characterize extremist ideologies . . . [its] adherents are oblivious to cognitive dissonance contradicting their analyses, and (2) . . . [they] are willing to plunge themselves and others into great risks in the name of ideology.''  He argued that enacting NAFTA would ``erode Democratic government in the United States.''  This is one of the so-called constitutional scholars on this lengthy list being quoted.  He also wrote an article that purported to be about legal theory entitled, ``Deconstruction's Critics, the TV Scramble Effect and the Fajita Pita Syndrome.''  Among academics, he is considered an expert on international law. He is not a constitutional law professor.  Many in favor of campaign finance reform and relying on Professor Benson's view of campaign finance reform disregarded Professor Benson's warnings about the North American Free Trade Agreement, an issue within his area of expertise. These Members, of course, include a number of the proponents of this legislation.  Another one of the constitutional scholars quoted by the other side is Professor Daan Braveman of Syracuse University College of Law. This outstanding scholar wrote an article discussing the first amendment----  