 President, I want to commend my friend and colleague from Kansas, first of all, for taking an interest in a part of the world that very few Members of Congress probably can find on a map. I share his view that this is an extraordinarily important part of the world.  As the Senator from Kansas pointed out, all of these countries are part of what used to be the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union very early on, in the wake of the end of the cold war, said: This is our ``near abroad,'' sort of their version of the Monroe Doctrine, theirterritory, and we were not thereby expected by them to be in that area. Nevertheless, the Russians don't make foreign policy for the United States. And we are in the process of trying to develop our own strong bilateral relations with each of those countries.  The Senator from Kansas has been in the forefront of advocating the importance of the United States having its own bilateral relations with each of those countries. I commend him for it because he has been very farsighted in understanding the significance of this part of the world to the United States.  I think all other aspects of the Silk Road proposal are good. Where we differ, as the Senator from Kansas indicated, is on that portion of the Silk Road called the ``repeal of section 907.''  Reasonable people can look at this and reach different conclusions. What the Senator from Kansas would like to see--I am perfectly confident in what I would like to see--is a settlement of this dispute between Azerbaijan and Armenia.  For our colleagues who have not paid a whole lot of attention to this part of the world, Nagorno-Karabakh is an almost entirely Armenian enclave, as the Senator from Kansas pointed out, within the territory of Azerbaijan connected by an area called the Lachin corridor. It is this area which is in dispute.  As the Senator from Kansas pointed out, Armenia won the conflict that occurred with the breakup of the Soviet Union, and it occupies not only Nagorno-Karabakh but the other territory adjacent thereto, which is Azeri.  The sad aftermath of that war is large refugee camps, which I visited, and the Senator from Kansas visited as well, of displaced people stuck in these refugee camps now for some 6 years, with the hopelessness and despair that develops in that atmosphere, reminiscent of an entire generation of Palestinians who have grown up in these camps in the Middle East. It breeds a fanaticism, a terrorism, that is an enormous unsettling aspect of life in that part of the world. Nothing could be better for that area than getting that dispute settled. I am sure the Senator from Kansas and I agree on that.  The question is, How do you best get there? The Senator from Kansas mentioned the Minsk Group. I am not very optimistic that the Minsk Group is going to bring about a settlement. The Minsk Group, in addition to including Azerbaijan and Armenia, includes Russia, France, and the United States. I think the Senator from Kansas and I probably agree that the Russians like things the way they are around there. There are Russian troops in all of those republics still, with the exception of Azerbaijan. Some are there by invitation, some are not by invitation. I think the Russians enjoy keeping the Caucasus destabilized, with all due respect to our occasional friends, the Russians. The French, who most of the time are our allies, I think frequently are difficult in these negotiating situations.  These are the players: The French, the Russians, the Americans, the Armenians, and Azeris. Nothing has happened, and I am not optimistic something will happen until the United States thinks this is important.  Think of the money, time, and effort we have spent in the Balkans over the last 3 or 4 years. I happen to be in the minority in our party who think we have a national interest in the Balkans. I wish we had the interest in the Caucasus that we had in the Balkans, because we might have settled the dispute between Armenia and Azerbaijan. We have not had that, and nothing has happened.  The question before the Senate is, What kind of condition makes peace more or less likely to occur? Reasonable people can look at the same set of facts and reach a different conclusion.  The Senator from Michigan, Mr. Abraham, and I have offered this second-degree amendment because we believe that section 907 --even though it has been constantly stripped down--is important to give the Azeris some incentive for ultimate settlement. It is the view of the Senator from Kentucky that the lifting of 907 ought to be part of the final settlement between Armenia and Azerbaijan. To give it away in advance of final settlement makes final settlement less likely.  I completely respect the observations of the Senator from Kansas. As I said, reasonable people can differ about this. I think removing the last element of leverage in advance of the final settlement is not a step in the right direction.  We will have at some point today--although no time agreement can be entered at this point--a decision on this. I hope my colleagues will consider whether or not lifting this sanction in advance of a final settlement of the dispute is helpful in achieving a final settlement of the dispute.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Enzi). The Chair recognizes the Senator from Michigan.  