 President, since 1989 the Rules Committee has reported out biennial funding authorizations for committees of the Senate for the two funding periods beginning on March 1. This policy has been strongly supported by the Senate's committee chairmen and ranking members. Before the Senate today is a resolution which authorizes committee expenditures for the remaining seven months of Fiscal Year 1999 at the 1998 salary baseline plus the January 1999 cost of living adjustment (COLA) of 3.1%, as authorized by the President pro tempore. Committees had been previously authorized from October 1st through February 28th by S. Res. 54, in the 105th Congress.  This resolution follows on the heels of one that Senator Dodd, Ranking Member of the Rules Committee, and I submitted and which was passed on February 12, 1999, which suspended the requirements of paragraph 9 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate and authorized a seven-year continuing resolution such as is before the Senate at this time.  As we informed committees in a joint letter on January 22, Y2K concerns had prompted the Senate's recent adoption of the new Financial Management Information System (FMIS). This new financial management system, which is designed to conform to the Federal Government's fiscal year that runs from October 1, to September 30, requires that we consider adjustments in the committee funding system. To allow all due deliberation, we determined that the wisest course was toauthorize the committees through the balance of this fiscal year and use that time to carefully design a committee funding procedure in light of the new FMIS. To that end, the Rules Committee will be conducting hearings and seeking the input of the various Senate committees on these questions. And, of course, we invite the committees to make recommendations on baseline funding, full-time employee levels and other concerns related to authorizing the balance of the biennium.  The interim funding resolution also authorizes the use of unexpended committee funds, as has been done in some form since 1989. Section 20 of this resolution authorizes the use of Special Reserves on a committee-by-committee basis. It also provides a mechanism to make unexpended funds as of the close of business on February 28, 1999, available to cover non-recurring needs for committees through September 30.  It should be noted that all of the unexpended funds represent previously authorized funds which have not been spent. They are not new authorized funds. This policy has successfully served as an incentive to reduce spending. Without it, the policy would effectively be to spend it or lose it with a predictable outcome that more money would be spent.  Mr. President, let me also add that this interim resolution does not increase FTE positions and reiterate that it provides for special reserves funding as needed. Further, this resolution keeps the total authorized amount within the appropriations previously authorized in the Fiscal Year 1999 Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill for ``Inquiries and Investigations.''  I urge the Senate to adopt this resolution, and I yield the floor.  