 President, the Senator from Wisconsin is here. We want to talk a little bit in the course of this debate on the amendment that I sent to the desk about the issue of corruption. There have been a lot of charges of corruption both on and off the floor. I think these are very serious charges and I think they warrant some discussion, not only for our colleagues but for the members of the public who are interested in this issue.  My colleague from Arizona gave a moving speech in Bedford, NH, a few months ago to kick off his Presidential campaign. In that speech, my friend from Arizona laid out his vision of America with strong, and I must say, compelling statements about what he firmly believes to be corruption in American politics. If there is one thing that is often said about our colleague from Arizona, it is that he is a straight shooter and that he calls it as he sees it. I certainly wouldn't argue with that.  Based on the Senator's speech in New Hampshire and his remarks about his legislation, I assume I am correct in inferring that the Senator from Arizona believes the legislative process has been corrupted. I think he said that in the Wall Street Journal today. I don't believe I am misquoting him. I hope I am not. I see his staffer on the floor. I don't want to be talking about your boss in his absence, and I hope I am not misquoting him. I certainly hope he will come back to the floor for this debate.  What I will do is run through a few of the recent statements of the Senator from Arizona about corruption to be sure that the Senate fully understands his strongly held views on this subject.  Again, I encourage my friend from Arizona to come back to the floor because I certainly don't want to be talking about him in his absence, although I will say these quotes are quite precise and I assure him that I am not misquoting his observations in any way.  The Senator from Arizona, in discussing the subject of campaign finance reform in Bedford, NH, on June 30 of this year said:       I think most Republicans understand that soft money, the      enormous sums of money given to both parties by just about      every special interest in the country, corrupts our political      ideals, whether it comes from big business or from labor      bosses and trial lawyers.  Quoting further from my friend from Arizona, he says:       In truth, we are all shortchanged by soft money, liberal      and conservative alike. All of our ideals are sacrificed. We      are all corrupted. I know this is a harsh judgment, [says      Senator McCain] but it is, I'm sorry to say, a fair one.  So the principal quote from my friend from Arizona is that ``We are all corrupted.''  He goes on to say:       Pork barrel spending is a direct result of unlimited      contributions from special interests.  My friend from Arizona, also on CNN Early Edition, July 1 of this year, said:       We have seen debasement of the institutions of government,      including the corruption of Congress because of the influence      of special interests.  Further, my friend from Arizona said:       Soft money is corrupting the process.  Then on Fox News, Sunday, on June 27 of this year, my friend from Arizona said:       I talked to Republicans all over America, including up here      in New Hampshire, and when I tell them about the corruption      that exists they nod their heads.  My friend from Arizona goes on:       I think that Americans don't hold us in the esteem and with      the respect that the profession deserves and that's because      the profession has become permeated with special interests,      which have caused corruption, which have then caused them to      lose confidence in government.  And the Senator from Arizona went on:       I'm trying to eliminate the soft money which has corrupted      our legislative process, and I think soft money has permeated      American politics. It has corrupted the process and it has to      be eliminated.  And then in New Hampshire on July 3:       Young people think politicians are corrupt. Know what? We      are [said the Senator from Arizona] all corrupt.  Then on This Week on ABC, October 3, 1999, George Will said to the Senator from Arizona:       Have you ever been or can you name a Republican who has      ever been corrupted by the Republican National Committee?  The Senator from Arizona said:       Not by the Republican National Committee, but all of us      have been corrupted by the process where big money and big      influence--and you can include me in the list where big money      has bought access which has bought influence. Anybody who      glances at the so-called 1996 Telecommunications Reform Act      and then looks at the results--which is an increase in cable      rates, phone rates, mergers, and lack of competition--clearly      knows that the special interests are protected in Washington      at the public. And the public interest is submerged.  George Will said:       This is soft money to parties, that itself leads to      corruption of Republicans?  And the Senator from Arizona says:       Of course it does, George, and you work there and you see      it.  Now my colleague from Arizona, on the Telecommunications Act of 1996, said:       During hearings for the 1996 Telecommunications Act, every      company affected by the legislation had purchased a seat at      the table with soft money.  Now that was in a Bedford, NH, speech of June 30 of this year.  Referring now to the web site of my colleague from Arizona, there are charts that list accusations and lists of projects. Let me quote from the web site:       In the last several years while Republicans have controlled      Congress, special interest earmarks in appropriations bills      have dramatically increased. The rise in pork barrel spending      is directly related to the rise of soft money, as Republicans      and Democrats scramble to reward major donors to our      campaigns.  Straight from the web site, ``It's Your Country.'' And then there are projects listed as examples of projects presumably inserted into bills as a result of soft money contributions.  There is $26 million to compensate fishermen, fish processors, and fishing crews negatively affected by restrictions on fishing in Glacier Bay National Park, and $70 million for expanding a livestock assistance program to include reindeer, both those projects in Alaska, projects which--I assume the allegation is--were inserted in a bill as a result of a soft money contribution, which, as we all know, can only go to political parties.  In the State of Utah, the site lists $2.2 million for sewer infrastructure associated with the 2002 winter games in Utah as an example of an appropriations insertion, presumably as a result of some soft money contribution to a political party.  Then it lists the State of Washington, $1.3 million for the WTO Ministerial Meeting in Seattle, WA, and an exemption for the Crown Jewel Mine, in Washington, to deposit mining waste on land adjacent to the mine.  Further, on September 26, 1999, the Daily Outrage from the web site says:       The largest producer of ethanol, Archer-Daniels-Midland      Corporation, who gave lavishly to both political parties--for      their contribution, ADM recently received an extension of      ethanol subsidies totaling $75 million. It also suggested      that ADM also benefits from sugar support programs that keep      the price of corn syrup artificially high. This sweetheart      deal gets ADM another $200 million a year.  Then today in the Wall Street Journal, the Senator from Arizona says:       In the past several years, while Republicans controlled      Congress, earmarks in appropriations bills have dramatically      increased. The reason for this pork barrel spending is that      Republicans and Democrats are scrambling to reward major      donors to their campaigns.  The Senator from Arizona, I see, is on the floor. I am just interested in engaging in some discussion here about what specifically--which specific Senators he believes have been engaged in corruption.  I know he said from time to time the process is corrupted. But I think it is important to note, for there to be corruption, someone must be corrupt. Someone must be corrupt for there to be corruption.  So I just ask my friend from Arizona what he has in mind here, in suggesting that corruption is permeating our body and listing these projects for the benefit of several States as examples.  Mr. McCAIN. Does the Senator yield the floor?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Roberts). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Recently there was a book written by Elizabeth Drew called ``The Corruption of American Politics.'' I commend it to the reading of the Senator from Kentucky. In chapter 4 titled ``The Money Culture,'' she says:       Indisputably, the greatest change in Washington over the      past twenty-five years--in its culture, in the way it does      business, and the ever-burgeoning amount of business      transactions that go on here--has been in the preoccupation      with money.       Striving for and obtaining money has become the predominant      activity--and not just in electoral politics--and its effects      are pernicious. The culture of money dominates Washington as      never before; money now rivals or even exceeds power as the      preeminent goal. It affects the issues raised and their      outcome; it has changed employment patterns in Washington; it      has transformed politics; and it has subverted values. It has      led good people to do things that are morally questionable,      if not reprehensible. It has cut a deep gash, if not      inflicted a mortal wound, in the concept of public service.  That is basically what Elizabeth Drew, who has been around this town for many years, said in her book. She states:       Private interests have tried to influence legislative and      administrative outcomes through the use of money for a long      time. The great Daniel Webster was on retainer from the Bank      of the United States and at the same time was one of its      greatest defenders in the Congress. But never before in the      modern age has political money played the pervasive role that      it does now. By comparison, the Watergate period seems almost      quaint.       There was a time when people came to Washington out of a      spirit of public service and idealism. Engendering this      spirit was one of John F. Kennedy's most important      contributions. Then Richard Nixon, picking up from George      Wallace, and then Ronald Reagan, in particular, derided      ``federal bureaucrats.'' The spirit of public service was      stepped on, but not entirely extinguished.       But more than ever, Washington has become a place where      people come or remain in order to benefit financially from      their government service. (A similar thing could be said of      journalists--and nonjournalists fresh out of government      service--who package themselves as writers, television      performers, and highly paid speakers at conventions.)  I have for many years had a set of criteria indicating that which I have said we cannot, should not, abide. Perhaps a lot of it is because I am a member of authorizing committees. I took the floor here just a couple of hours ago to talk about $6.4 billion that was added to the Defense appropriations bill. I will have to get the statement again to refresh myself with the specific numbers, but $92 million was for military construction projects which had not been authorized--no hearing, nothing whatsoever that had to do with the authorizing followed by the appropriating process.  I worked with a number of organizations: Citizens Against Government Waste, Citizens For A Sound Economy, and other organizations in Washington that are watchdog organizations. We developed a set of criteria. Those criteria have to do with: Whether it was requested in the President's budget, whether there was an authorization, whether there was a hearing, et cetera. There are a number. They are on their way over, the criteria I have used for many years.  Because when you bypass the authorizing and appropriating process, you obviously do not, No. 1, abide by the prescribed way we are supposed to do business around here; but then it opens up to improper procedures.  We have 12,000 enlisted families on food stamps. Yet we will spend $92 million, and other funds, on programs that the Secretary of Defense says specifically are not of the priority on which to be spending money:       I have said for 10 years I have reviewed annual      appropriations bills to determine whether they contain items      that are low priority, unnecessary, or wasteful spending. In      this process I have used five objective criteria to identify      programs and projects that have not been appropriately      reviewed in the normal merit-based prioritization process.       These criteria are: Unauthorized appropriations,      unrequested locality-specific earmarks, research-facility-     specific earmarks, and other earmarks that would circumvent      the formal competitive award process, budget add-ons that      would be subject to a budget point of order, transfer or      disposal of Federal property or items under terms that      circumvent existing law, and new items that were added in      conference that were never considered in either bill in      either House.  The web site goes on to say:       Senator McCain's criteria are not intended to reflect a      judgment on the merits of an item. They are designed to      identify projects that have not been considered in an      appropriate merit-based prioritization process.  I do not intend to let this debate, which is about banning soft money, get into some kind of personal discussion here. I simply will not do it, except to say that Elizabeth Drew has it right. Many other people who judge this town have it right. The fact is, there is a pernicious effect of money on the legislative process.  I refuse to, and would not in any way, say that any individual or person is guilty of corruption in a specific way, nor identify them, because that would defeat--  Mr. McCONNELL. Will the Senator yield for a question?  Mr. McCAIN. I would like to finish.  That would defeat the purpose because, as I have said many times before, this system makes good people do bad things. It makes good people do bad things. That is to go around the process which is prescribed for the Senate--the Congress of the United States--to operate under.  When I go to San Diego and I meet enlisted people who are on active duty who are required to stand in line for food, for charity, and we are spending money on projects and programs that are unwarranted, unnecessary, and unauthorized, I will tell my friend from Kentucky, I get angry.  I do not know much about the background of the Senator from Kentucky or his priorities, but I have mine. One is that I am not going to stand by without getting very upset when young Americans who are serving this country are on food stamps while we are wasting $6.4 billion in pork barrel projects.  All I can say to the Senator from Kentucky, if he wants to engage in this kind of debate, I think it will be a waste of our 5 days of time. But I believe, as Elizabeth Drew has said, this system is wrong, it needs to be fixed, and the influence of special interests has a pernicious effect on the legislative process.  The Senator from Kentucky is entitled to his view that he does not agree with that, or obviously the Senator from Utah. That is my considered opinion. But I will state to the Senator from Kentucky now, I am not in the business of identifying individuals or attacking individuals. I am attacking a system. I am attacking a system that has to be fixed and that has caused 69 percent of young Americans between 18 and 35 to say they are disconnected from their Government, that caused in the 1998 election the lowest voter turnout in history of 18- to 26-year-olds. Those 18- to 26-year-olds were asked: Why didn't you vote? And they said they believe we do not represent them anymore, because they have lost confidence. They say they will not run for public office, that they believe we are corrupt.  It is the appearance of corruption that is causing young Americans to divorce themselves from the political process, refuse to run for public office, and there is poll after poll and data that will so reflect.  Mr. McCONNELL. Will the Senator yield for a question?  Mr. McCAIN. I will be glad to yield for question.  Mr. McCONNELL. By the way, I only quoted the Senator's comments and everything was quoted accurately. I raised the Senator's own words in the debate, words he has used as a justification for this bill that is currently before us.  I ask the Senator from Arizona, how can it be corruption if no one is corrupt? That is like saying the gang is corrupt but none of the gangsters are. If there is corruption, someone must be corrupt.  On the Senator's web site, he names some projects that he specifically says are in these bills as a result of soft money contributions which, of course, as we all know, cannot be received by anybody who votes anyway; they are given to a party.  I repeat my question to the Senator from Arizona: Who is corrupt?  Mr. McCAIN. First of all, I have already responded to the Senator that I will not get into people's names. I will, indeed, repeat, again, to the Senator from the web site from which he is quoting. Here it is:       For 10 years, Senator McCain has reviewed the annual      appropriations bills to determine whether they contain items      that are low priority, unnecessary, or wasteful spending. In      this process, he has used five objective criteria.  And I go on to list them. That is why----  Mr. McCONNELL. Does that equal corruption though?  Mr. McCAIN. If the Senator from Kentucky will not accept that answer, there is no point in me continuing to answer. I have already answered.  Mr. McCONNELL. I heard the answer, but the answer, I gather, deleted the word ``corruption.'' The suggestion is that these were inserted as a resultof some corrupt act by someone; is that right?  Mr. McCAIN. No, that is not right. It is a system. It is a system that has violated the process and has therefore caused the American people to lose confidence and trust in the Government.  Mr. McCONNELL. The Senator agrees ``corruption'' may not be appropriate. If there is no individual he can name who is corrupt, then ``corruption'' may not be the appropriate word; would the Senator agree?  Mr. McCAIN. I would not, I say to the Senator from Kentucky. He is entitled to his views, his opinions, and his conclusions. I am entitled to mine.  Mr. McCONNELL. I see the Senator from Utah.  