 My understanding Friday was and remains that the right side of the tree, which is what we normally amend around here, was filled by the two amendments and the two cloture votes. That effectively made additional amendments somewhat an exercise in futility. What I recommended to our side--and it hasbeen happening today--is that they discuss their amendments--I know Senator Hagel is here to discuss his--and indicate that they would like to have had a vote, a meaningful vote, which would have been on the right side of the tree.  So the Senator from Arizona does correctly state my opinion of Friday, which remains my opinion today.  Mr. McCAIN. I thank the Senator from Kentucky.  I agree with the Senator from Nevada; there are many ways to approach the issue of campaign finance reform. I agree with him; there are many laudable aspects of campaign finance reform that deserve serious consideration.  One that doesn't seem to surface as much as it should is free television time for candidates. The broadcasters receive $70 billion worth of free digital spectrum. It seems to me there should be some obligation along with one of the great rip-offs in the history of the United States of America.  But we really are down to soft money, I say to the Senator from Nevada. We are really down to that. We can build on that. There is no reform that could have any meaning unless it meant, at its fundamental heart, the banning of soft money. We have been through a number of debates about what independent campaigns do.  By the way, before I leave the issue, I heard the Senator from Ohio say that banning of soft money does not in any way affect labor unions. Yesterday or the day before, there was a notice in the paper that the labor unions plan on spending $45 million in soft money in the upcoming campaign. I am afraid the Senator from Ohio is misinformed because this banning of soft money does enormous damage to the ability of labor unions to engage in the kind of practices we are trying to eliminate, just as much as it does the other side.  I want to make perfectly clear, the reason that I and the Senator from Wisconsin are seeking to table or asking for a vote on a tabling motion is so we can have the Senate on record on the issue of soft money. If the Senate, in its wisdom, decides that we should table the Reid amendment and that we should, therefore, not ban soft money, then obviously this entire exercise is largely futile. I think there are about three Members on the other side who may not be voting who would vote for us, and I would take that into account in this vote because, really, this vote is about the intentions and the will of the Senate.  The soft money reports from Common Cause: Soft money, CWA-COPE, $2,593,000; American Federation of State and County Municipal Employees, $2,334,000--these are obviously all Democrats--Service Employees Union, $1.5 million. I hope the Senator from Ohio will take a look at the enormous amount of money that is coming in from labor unions that he somehow believes would not be affected by a ban on soft money.  Also, recently information came out that the Democratic Party is raising now as much soft money as the Republican Party, a very interesting turn of events.  We have, at most, 48 hours left on this legislation. We have not made a lot of progress. It is time we did. I believe having the Senate on record on soft money is a very defining vote. I talked extensively with Senator Feingold about this before we decided to make this move. I hope my colleagues will vote not to table the Reid amendment, which bans soft money. I hope my colleagues will vote not to table the McCain tabling motion of the Reid amendment.  I believe Senator Bennett is next under the unanimous consent agreement. I believe both Senators Hagel and Wyden have been waiting. I don't know what the disposition of that is.  Senator Reid?  