 President, I first met Senator Chafee in December of 1984. We had a small incoming Republican freshman class that year. It was the Senator from Texas, Senator Gramm, and myself. Senator Gramm was already a national figure. He had burst onto the stage in his home State of Texas and had served in the House of Representatives for awhile.  I had been in local government. Frankly, I didn't know many people, and it was sort of a lonely first year in many ways.  I met John Chafee in the Old Senate Chamber. That is where we had rather spirited elections for leadership in December 1984. The one most people noticed was Bob Dole being elected Republican leader to replace Howard Baker. But also on that day, Senator Chafee was elected chairman of the Republican conference, as I recall, by one vote. I think John getting elected chairman of the Republican conference by one vote kind of summed up the odds he was frequently up against, not only in our conference, where he was one of the most moderate Members and frequently at variance with the majority of the conference, but he was a survivor because people recognized his personal qualities.  I don't know a great deal about Rhode Island, but I am told only 8 percent of the people of Rhode Island consider themselves Republicans. Someone earlier today described it as the mostDemocratic State in America. I suspect that is true. And yet we had here a man with such enormous personal qualities that he was elected Governor multiple times and served in the Senate from 1976 until his death. Clearly, there was something special about John Chafee that people came to recognize and understand.  Most of the causes John pursued were, shall I say, not particularly good for the Commonwealth of Kentucky. He always thought it would be a good idea to raise cigarette taxes. Well, as you can imagine, the State has an enormous number of tobacco growers. That was rarely something I was enthusiastic about. Also, at least part of our State of Kentucky is in the Tennessee Valley Authority. John always thought the TVA was something that ought to be terminated, and I must say over a period of years, having watched TVA operate, I am more and more open to John's views on the matter, although I haven't gone quite that far.  Other speakers have said it, but I think the hallmark of John Chafee was the fact you knew no matter what he said and did, it was based upon a great sense of objectiveness. He operated with enormous personal integrity and clearly was one of the most popular Members of the Senate. He always had an open mind. He was willing to revisit an issue.  For example, just last week, in a rather contentious debate that we frequently have around here on campaign finance reform, John, whose views were fundamentally different from mine on the subject, actually ended up agreeing with me on one of the proposals we had before us. It was a tribute to his willingness to revisit an issue, or at least part of an issue, where he had a longstanding commitment. But he took a look at a particular version that we had before us and reached a different conclusion.  At the beginning of this Congress--we have our desks here on the floor on a seniority basis--I had finally been around here long enough where I moved over in the area where a lot of senior Members are. John was right here, two desks over. I think it was really during the impeachment hearing, when we were all here so much of the time and I felt I got to know John even better. We were frequently talking, both in the cloakroom and out here on the floor, during that very difficult time.  It is hard for me to imagine a finer human being than John Chafee, who was an effective Senator, an outstanding Senator, and really a fine human being. So we celebrate his remarkable life, which others have spoken about--from his courage under fire in World War II and again in Korea, to his exemplary service to the Nation in the U.S. Senate. So I say to you, Ginny, and to all the family, we share your grief. We will miss John more than words can express. Not only have you lost a husband, but the Senate has lost a great Member, and America has lost one of its finest statesmen.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  