 President, I come to the floor today to express my strong support for the Republican Patient's Bill of Rights Plus Act. As private health coverage has shifted toward coordinated care, many consumers are concerned that their health plan focuses more on cost than on quality. Many consumers fear that they might be denied the health care they need. To respond to these concerns, both parties have developed patient protection legislation.  Our colleagues Senators Daschle and Kennedy have offered a proposal which I believe takes the wrong direction. Their bill tries to impose a one-size-fits-all solution in a manner which would override many of the reforms our states have decided--or, equally important, decided not to--enact. Their proposal includes liability provisions which will dramatically increase premiums and further expand the medical malpractice industry in this country. In fact, their bill should be called the ``Lawyers' Right to Bill'' not the Patients' Bill of Rights and the tragedy of their lawsuit saturated approach is that it would make health insurance unaffordable to 1.8 million Americans--including 30,000 Kentuckians.  I am pleased to say that we have crafted a better proposal for protecting America's families which is embodied in the Patient's Bill of Rights Plus Act. The Patient's Bill of Rights Plus Act provides needed protections for Americans in a way which won't increase the number of uninsured Americans by driving up health care costs.  The Patients' Bill of Rights Plus Act guarantees access to emergency care. It requires plans to pay for emergency medical screening and stabilization under a ``prudent layperson'' standard. If we pass this legislation, we will never again have to hear heart-wrenching stories about families with desperately ill children who bypass the nearest hospital in order to make it to a hospital which is in their plan's network. Under our plan, if you have what a normal person would consider an emergency, you can go to the nearest hospital, period.  The Patients' Bill of Rights Plus Act would provide direct access to pediatricians and OB/GYN's. This common-sense provision would allow parents to take their children directly to one of the plan's pediatricians without having to get a referral from their family's primary care physician. Similarly our legislation would allow women to go directly to a participating OB/GYN, without having to get a referral from their primary care physician.  The Patients' Bill of Rights Plus Act also bans ``gag clauses''. Gag clauses are contractual agreements between a doctor and a managed care organization that restrict the doctor's ability to discuss freely with the patient information about the patient's diagnosis, medical care, and treatment options. Our legislation would put an end to this practice. I believe a doctor should be able to discuss treatment alternatives with a patient and provide the patient with their best medical advice, regardless of whether or not those treatment options are covered by the health plan.  The Patient's Bill of Rights Plus Act also provides strong, independent external appeals procedures to ensure that patients receive the care they need. Many Americans are concerned that their health plan can deny them care. If a plan denies a treatment on the basis that it is experimental or not medically necessary, a patient can appeal that decision. The reviewer must be an independent, medical expert with expertise in the diagnosis and treatment of the condition under review. In routine reviews, the independent reviewer must make a decision within 30 days, but in urgent cases, they must do so in 72 hours. As opposed to the Kennedy plan which mandates a broad, one-size-fits-all definition of medical necessity, our plan allows those decisions to be made on a case by case basis by an independent external medical doctor. Unlike the Kennedy bill which encourages lawsuits, the Patient's Bill of Rights Plus Act focuses instead on giving patients the care they need. After all, when you're sick, don't you really need an appointment with your doctor, not your lawyer?  The most troubling aspect of Senator Kennedy's legislation is that it will further swell the numbers of uninsured Americans.  The Kennedy plan drives up health care costs and makes health insurance unaffordable for more Americans. According to the very conservative estimates of the Congressional Budget Office, the Kennedy Patients Bill of Rights would increase insurance premiums 6.1 percent (Source: Congressional Budget Office Report on S.6, 4/23/99). This means that 1.8 million Americans would likely lose their health insurance.  In Kentucky, 30,095 people would likely lose their health insurance.  In California, 271,927 people would likely lose their health insurance.  In New York, 118,091 people would likely lose their health insurance.  In Minnesota, 36,315 people would likely lose their health insurance.  Even if the Kennedy bill does not pass, it is expected that health insurance premiums will rise an average of seven percent next year (Source: Towers Perrins 1999 Health Care Cost Survey 1/99). At a time when premiums are rising well above the rate of inflation, do we really want to pass legislation which raise premiums even more? The answer is clearly no.  Our Patients' Bill of Rights' Plus Act takes a better approach to the problem of the uninsured. While avoiding provisions which will drastically raise premiums, it includes important tax provisions to make insurance more affordable. Earlier this week we passed the Nickles Amendment which will allow self-employed individuals to deduct 100% of the cost of their health insurance. This is particularly important to the 124,000 of Kentucky's farmers, ministers, stay-at-home moms, and young entrepreneurs who are self-employed. According to a study by the Employee Benefits Research Initiative, nearly \1/2\ (43.6 percent) of all workers in the agriculture, forestry, and fishing sectors have no health insurance. By allowing the self-insured to fully deduct the costs of health insurance, we are taking an important step in reducing the numbers of uninsured.  There are certainly significant differences between our two bills. However, no single issue distinguishes the two more than the question of liability. I believe we can and should find bi-partisan agreement on the important issues of providing emergency care, ensuring direct access to pediatricians and OB/GYN's, banning gag orders, deductibility of health insurance for the self-employed, and a whole myriad of issues except for one thing: The Kennedy bill insists on new powers to sue. Leafing with abandon through the yellow pages under the word ``attorney'' is not what most Americans would call health care reform.  Simply put, I believe that when you are sick, you need a doctor, not a lawyer. I am opposed to increasing litigation because it will drive up premiums, drive 1.8 million Americans out of the health insurance market, prevent millions more uninsured from being able to purchase insurance, and aggravate an already seriously flawed medical malpractice system.  If 1.8 million Americans lose their health insurance, 189,000 fewer women will have access to mamograms and 238,000 fewer women will have access to pelvic exams. I have a question for the supporters of Sen. Kennedy's bill. What kind of reform makes preventative services less available? What kind of reform is that?  As if driving 1.8 million Americans out of the health insurance market wasn't reason enough to oppose the Kennedy bill, I am also strongly opposed to expanding liability because it will exacerbate the problems in our already flawed medical malpractice system. Typically these lawsuits drag on for an average of 33 months. Even if at the end of this 33 months, only 43 cents of every dollar spent on medical liability actually reaches the victims of malpractice (Source: RAND Corporation, 1985). Most of the rest of the judgement goes to the lawyers. That's right, over half of the injured person's damages are grabbed by the lawyers. Why would anyone want to expand this flawed system which is so heavily skewed in favor of the trial lawyers?  The Washington Post said last March that ``the threat of litigation is the wrong way to enforce the rational decision making that everyone claims to have as a goal'' (Source: Washington Post 3/16/99). More recently the Post said that the Senate should enact an external appeals process ``before subjecting an even greater share of medical practice to the vagaries of litigation'' (Source: Washington Post 7/13/99). The Los Angeles Times Editorial page called expanding liability to health plans ``bad medicine for both employees and employers'' and stated that ``The key to fixing ERISA is not in radical measures like more lawsuits. . .'' (Source: Los Angeles Times 2/29/98)  Mr, President, I have always felt that this debate is about improving private health insurance in America. That the debate was about providing better care, for more Americans not less.  We can and we should guarantee access to emergency services.  We can and we should ensure direct access to pediatricians.  We can and we should ban gag clauses.  We can and we should provide an independent external appeals process.  We can and we should provide full deductibility for the self-employed.  By voting for the Patients' Bill of Rights Plus Act, we will have taken all of these important steps and more. However, what we must not do is take action which will deprive 1.8 million Americans of health insurance. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to vote for this common-sense health care reform.  