 President, I would like to make three comments on the nomination of Mr. Kent Wiedemann, a career foreign service officer slated to be the next U.S. Ambassador to the Kingdom of Cambodia. Let me say at the outset: I strongly oppose this nomination.  First, it is apparent that Mr. Wiedemann has done little to further the cause of democracy in Burma where he has been Charge in Rangoon for the past several years. When we met in my office a few months ago, I asked him to cite specific instance where he supported Burmese democracy activists. Mr. Wiedemann produced a single letter from demoracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi. However, he could not cite a single action or activity that he undertook on the ground to help strengthen justice and freedom in Burma. Not one.  In addition, I asked the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to request copies of all statements or speeches Mr. Wiedemann gave while serving in Burma which support the U.S. policy to restore the legitimate government of Aung San Suu Kyi to office. During his entire tenure, he could not provide a single example of remarks made at a Burmese forum supporting U.S. policy or democracy.  Pro-democracy Burmese activists wrote to me to share their views of Mr. Wiedemann's tenure in Rangoon:       The arrival of Mr. Wiedemann . . . has not changed much in      respect to our democracy movement.       [Wiedemann] remained inactive and ignorant to our vital      problems, human rights, democracy and refugee, and made no      efforts at seeking cooperation with our NGOs who had      extensive experience in these regards * * *. We were left in      the cold.       [There was] no coordination or effort on the part of the      embassy, to help the democracy movement of the exiles * * *.      Apart from regular meetings with Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, we      knew of no efforts by Mr. Wiedemann.  These are not my words; they are those of courageous Burmese men and women who dare to stand for principles and justice. Yet, less than one month after the passing of Aung San Suu Kyi's husband, I understand that Mr. Wiedemann again requested a letter from her in support of his nomination. He seems more interested in personal and career promotion than advancing the cause of freedom in Burma.  Second, Mr. Wiedemann is simply the wrong American representative to send to Cambodia at this difficult time. My colleagues may be interested to know that in March, I visited that war ravaged country and was not encouraged by what I saw and heard. From Khmer Rouge trials to narcotics trafficking by the Cambodian military to rampant corruption and pervasive lawlessness, the next U.S. Ambassador must be a vocal advocate of human rights and the rule of law. When Mr. Wiedemann's nomination was being considered last year, Prince Norodom Ranariddh--then the First Prime Minister who had been outsted in a bloody coup d'etat in July 1997--and Sam Rainsy--an opposition leader who has survived two assassination attempts since March 1997--expressed their grave concerns:       We urge you not to replace Ambassador Kenneth Quinn after      his term expires in Phnom Penh, and certianly not with Kent      Wiedemann who we believe may be less than supportive of the      cause of democracy in Cambodia.  Other Cambodian democracy activists have since joined the chorus of concern with his nomination. Again, in their own words:       [We are] deeply concerned that Mr. Wiedemann will court CPP      [the Cambodian People's Party] strongman Hun Sen--at the      expense of the democratic opposition--in an attempt to win      him over.       This particular nomination sends the wrong message at the      wrong time to a government characterized by lawlessness and      corruption. Mr. Wiedemann may lack the credentials to      effectively promote American interests in Cambodia * * *. He      is not known as a vocal supporter of democracy in Southeast      Asia.  Despite my strong beliefs and the legitimate fears of those who would be most affected by Mr. Wiedemann's appointment, it is clear that he will be confirmed by the Senate. Therefore, let me make clear my expectations of Mr. Wiedemann once he receives his credentials in Phnom Penh.  I expect him to meet regularly and publicly with opposition political party leaders as well as democracy and human rights activists. I expect him to openly embrace and actively encourage the rule of law in Cambodia, even if this causes tensions with Prime Minister Hun Sen and the ruling CPP party. I expect him to support international and local nongovernmental organizations in Phnom Penh committed to legal and political reforms. And, I expect that he will not shirk the awesome responsibilities as the American people's representative to Cambodia, a task that President Ronald Reagan described in February 1983:       The task that has fallen to us as Americans is to move the      conscience of the world, to keep alive the hope and dream of      freedom. For if we fail or falter, there'll be no place for      the world's oppressed to flee to. This is not the role we      sought. We preach no manifest destiny. But like the Americans      who brought a new nation into the world 200     years ago, history has asked much of us in our time.      (February 18, 1983)  Mr. President, it is my hope that Mr. Wiedemann will do a more noteworthy job in Cambodia supporting democracy, human rights, and the rule of law than his lackluster performance in Burma. I will be following his tenure in Cambodia to ensure that he does.  I have had this nomination on hold for more than a year. During that time, Mr. Wiedemann has waged a campaign to support his nomination, energy which might have been better directed by securing the declared U.S. goal of restoring the National League for Democracy to office. Nonetheless, I do not think one Senator should thwart the nomination process. So, I leave it to my colleagues to allow his nomination to move forward. I, for one, vote no.  