 Chairman, I want to particularly thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Boehlert), the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Kind), the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith), Mr. Udall, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Lazio), the gentleman from Maine (Mr. Allen), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Quinn), and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Rush) for their support of this bipartisan amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is also supported by a very broad coalition of environmental and public interest organizations, including the League of Conservation Voters, the Sierra Club, the Natural Resources Defense Council, Public Citizen, and U.S. Public Interest Research Group.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment addresses, among other things, the very serious national problem of millions of lower-income Americans being unable to properly weatherize their homes for the winter or for the summer. The result is that their limited incomes literally go drifting out the window of their underinsulated homes.  In addition, from an environmental point of view, this Nation wastes billions of dollars in higher than needed energy costs. That is money that is just going through the windows, through the doors, and through the roofs.  For those of us who are concerned about protecting the financial well-being of lower-income Americans and for those of us who are concerned about the environment, this is a very important amendment. This amendment increases funding for energy efficiency investments by $45 million, including $20 million for the highly successful weatherization assistance program.  The $45 million offset for this amendment is the fossil fuel energy research and development program, otherwise known as power generation and large-scale technologies. This amendment would bring that program down from $410 million, that is a lot of money, $410 million to $365 million.  Mr. Chairman, last year 248 Members voted in favor of an amendment to cut the fossil fuel energy research and development program by $50 million. Unfortunately, despite our vote to cut this program that is widely regarded as corporate welfare, the conference committee not only ignored our vote, but added more than $50 million to this controversial program.  Some of us are determined, and when it comes to corporate welfare versus the needs of millions of low-income Americans all over this country, we are going to stand up against corporate welfare.  Mr. Chairman, the energy efficient programs that this amendment supports have been enormously successful and have saved Americans some $80 billion over the last 20 years. Yet, funding for these programs has been consistently shortchanged.  According to the Alliance to Save Energy, funding for Federal energy-efficient programs have been reduced by almost 30 percent since 1996. In other words, we are increasing funding for weatherization efforts which have been cut in recent years, which is what this amendment is about, in order to cut a dubious program which has seen significant increases in recent years; more money for low-income people to weatherize their homes, less money for a program that has gone up in recent years, which many regard as corporate welfare.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment would also increase funding for the State energy program by $3.5 million. That program helps homeowners, schools, hospitals, and farmers reduce energy costs.  Mr. Chairman, regarding the fossil fuel energy research and development program, let me quote from the report of the fiscal year 1997 Republican, I say it again, Republican budget resolution. I would hope my Republican friends would hear this.  ``The Department of Energy has spent billions of dollars on research and development since the oil crisis of 1973 triggered this activity. Returns on this investment have not been cost-effective, particularly for applied research and development, which industry has ample incentive to undertake.  ``Some of this activity is simply corporate welfare for the oil, gas, and utility industries. Much of it duplicates what industry is already doing. Some has gone to fund technology in which the market has no interest.''  That is not the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), that is the 1997 Republican budget resolution.  Let me quote from the 1999 Congressional Budget Office report, which says, ``The appropriateness of Federal government funding for such research and development is questionable. Federal programs in the fossil fuel area have a long history of funding technologies that, while interesting technically, had little chance of commercial feasibility even after years of Federal investment. As a result, much of the Federal spending has been irrelevant to solving the Nation's energy problems.''  