 Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me time. I appreciate and congratulate her on the work she does as the ranking member, and the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen) on the work he does.  Mr. Speaker, there is not much I can add to what the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley) and the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) have already said. There is a lot in the agricultural appropriations bill which concerns me, but the issue that concerns me most is something that I have been working on for the last 14 months, and that is an effort to substantially lower the cost of prescription drugs in this country.  I made a trip with folks from northern Vermont over the Canadian border over a year ago, and what we discovered on that trip is that prescription drugs could be purchased in Canada for substantially lower prices than they are in the United States. The widely prescribed breast cancer drug Tamoxifen was selling in Canada for one-tenth the price that it sells in the United States.  In fact, at a time when the pharmaceutical industry last year saw $27 billion in profits, they are charging the American people by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs, most of which are made right here in the United States of America.  Now, why is this motion that we are discussing now so important? I will tell you why. The issue is the reimportation bill, which passed the House, which passed the Senate. Is that bill going to be written by representatives of the American people, or is it going to be written behind closed doors by the pharmaceutical industry, the most profitable industry in this country?  The pharmaceutical industry has 300 paid lobbyists in Washington, D.C. The pharmaceutical industry has spent $40 million in opposition to this legislation. The pharmaceutical industry has contributed millions and millions of dollars to both political parties, and last night, not last week, last night, they held a fund-raiser for the Republican Party where millions of dollars were raised.  The question is, do we have an open debate in order to pass serious legislation without loopholes, without impediments, without the drug companies putting in little language which will make our legislation unenforceable or meaningless, or do we have serious legislation that representatives of the United States Congress participate in writing?  The pharmaceutical industry should not write this bill behind closed doors; the elected representatives of the American people should write this legislation. Let us pass this.  