 Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk which in a moment I am going to ask unanimous consent to withdraw.  I have spoken to leading members of the committee and to their staff, and I have received assurance that this very important matter will, in fact, be taken care of later on during the process; and I am happy to accept their assurances. I would, however, like to take just a moment to raise the issue of what this amendment is about.  Mr. Chairman, since 1993, there has been a bipartisan consensus in the House that the establishment of an environmental medical unit and research into multiple chemical sensitivity is one of the most promising areas in terms of understanding and treating Gulf War illness.  In fact, in the fiscal year 1994 Department of Defense appropriations bill, this House approved money to begin construction of that unit. Unfortunately, that funding was greatly reduced in the subsequent conference committee and the Department of Defense chose to ignore the report language supporting the establishment of that project.  In other words, 6 years later, and after all of the suffering and pain associated with Gulf War illness, we still have not been able to build a relatively inexpensive unit that could give us key information about the causes and possible treatment of Gulf War illness. And, frankly, this is unacceptable.  Mr. Chairman, I will be submitting to the committee a letter to the Honorable Jesse Brown, who was then Secretary of Defense of Veterans Affairs, dated November 19, 1993. This bipartisan letter, which was signed by Sonny Montgomery, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Stump), Roy Roland, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith) and Frank Tejeda, Democrats and Republicans, asks for that money to build this environmental medical unit.  The question is how many years do we have to wait before this very important project is undertaken?  Mr. Chairman, as I have indicated, this process has dragged on for too many years. Gulf War illness is a tragedy. It affects close to 100,000 Americans. The gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Shays), who is chairman of the relevant subcommittee has done a terrific job. I have worked with him in trying to bring forth witnesses who can give us the information about Gulf War illness.  There is widespread belief that multiple chemical sensitivity is one of the causes of Gulf War illness. This unit will go a long way in allowing us to understand the relationship of multiple chemical sensitivity and Gulf War illness.  I ask for unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, to withdraw this amendment. And I believe that I have assurances from both the chairman and the ranking member that we are going to proceed on this.  