 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Chairman Barton), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Boucher) the ranking member, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the gentleman from Maine (Mr. Baldacci), the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Weygand), and I also want to thank the President and Secretary Richardson for their support of the consent of a Northeast home heating oil reserve.  Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that this winter the people in the Northeast were hit very, very hard by the large increase in home heating oil prices; and many of the folks in the State of Vermont in the Northeast were having a very, very difficult time paying a doubling of the price of home heating oil from just 1 year before. It was a serious crisis. It remains a crisis. And it is no secret that we were not prepared for it.  On February 4, I introduced H.R. 3608, the Home Heating Oil Price Stability Act; and in this short period of time since then, we now have 98 cosponsors, including 24 Republicans and 27 Representatives who are not from the Northeast. So this is a bipartisan piece of legislation. It is a national piece of legislation.  The bottom line is that we were caught unprepared, and the bottom line is that we have got not to be caught unprepared again. A home heating oil reserve of at least 2 million barrels, and that is the legislation included within this bill, would make certain that when the weather becomes very cold, when home heating oil prices zoom up, we will have something to call upon to control the escalating price of home heating oil. And that is what the reserve does. So I think this is a significant step forward in controlling escalating home heating oil prices.  I would hope, as previous speakers have indicated, that we could expand the concept. Two million barrels in the Northeast is a good start. The original legislation calls for another 4.7 million barrels in the Gulf Coast, which is part of what the Strategic Petroleum Reserve is.  My understanding is that the President has the authority, in fact, to do that on his own; and I hope that he will.  The bottom line is that this is a significant step forward in preventing another spike in home heating oil in the Northeast. It will save substantial sums of money for the people in the Northeast and, in fact, for people throughout this country.  I very much thank the chairman and the ranking member and those who have made this legislation possible.  