 Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is cosponsored by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith), the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Slaughter), and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Maloney).  What this amendment does is increase U.S. AID's development assistance account by $2.5 million to provide assistance to indigenous and locally-based nongovernmental organizations for the protection and reintegration of women and children who are victims of international trafficking.  The committee's bill provides, unfortunately, no funds, zero fund, to assist the millions of people, primarily women and children, who are trafficked across international borders each year and forced into prostitution, sweatshop labor, and domestic servitude.  The fastest-growing international trafficking business is the trade of women, trailing only behind trafficking in drugs and arms.  According to the U.S. State Department, between 1 and 2 million women and girls seeking a better life abroad unexpectedly find themselves in brothels, the sweatshop labor industry, or exploitative domestic servitude. This tragedy continues to grow as economic globalization expands, increasing the movement of people across borders.  In a world of rich nations and poor nations, these exploitative and inhumane practices feed on the poverty and despair of poor women, children, and families in the developing world, particularly in Southeast Asia and the former Soviet Union.  Earlier this year, the House passed legislation sponsored by my colleague and cosponsor of this amendment, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith) highlighting the problem of trafficking in persons and authorizing funds to assist victims. These initiatives have bipartisan support in the House and Senate and the support of the administration, which requested $10 million in assistance for trafficking victims.  Unfortunately, this legislation does not provide any funds to deal with this tragedy. The $2.5 million for this vitally important assistance comes from the international military education and training IMET account by reducing the amount in the bill for this program by $2.5 million which level-funds IMET.  I should add that IMET has seen a 100 percent increase in the last 5 years. In other words, Mr. Chairman, we are level-funding a program that has increased by 100 percent in 5 years in order to provide a small amount of funding to an area which is in dire need of these funds.  