  Madam Speaker, I would like to first thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Chairman Gekas) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler), the ranking member of the House Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law, as well as the committee staff, for working with all of the parties interested in this legislation so that we can bring a fair and well-crafted bill to the floor today.  Madam Speaker, House Joint Resolution 72 grants a consent of Congress to the River Boundary Compact entered into between the States of Oklahoma and Texas. This compact establishes a new practical boundary between the two States and ends over 200 years of jurisdictional uncertainty. The State legislatures of both Texas and Oklahoma have approved the compact with overwhelming support.  Madam Speaker, the Red River is 1,290 miles long. For about half of this distance, it serves as the Texas-Oklahoma border. To the great frustration of many of those trying to use the river as a jurisdictional marker, mature rivers like those of the American Midwest tend to meander a great deal.  The natural tendency of a river flowing across flat country is to meander and flow loose as it erodes the outer side of a bend and deposits sediment on the inner side. It is clear that several of the loops of the Red River have changed in this way.  As the Speaker undoubtedly knows, the State of Texas was an independent nation from the years 1836 to 1845. In 1841, engineers surveyed the border along the Red River between the Republic of Texas and the United States. The survey set the boundary between the two countries on the southern bank of the river. This definition was later refined by the Supreme Court of the United States as the gradient boundary line on the south bank.  The survey was carefully done, and the results of the survey as recorded in the engineers' report and monuments placed along the border were accepted by both governments as the true and legal boundary.  Unfortunately, however, the river paid no attention to the survey; and in the years since 1841, the Red River has left that border high and dry. As a result, the artificial boundary line long the Red River has caused general confusion in our States for many decades.  The States of Texas and Oklahoma recognize that there are actual and potential disputes, controversies, and criminal and civil litigation problems arising out of the location of the boundary line between these two States along the Red River. In particular, an inability to identify the boundary at a point in time is a significant problem for law enforcement personnel, taxing authorities, and citizens on both sides of the river.  It is in the interest of the party States to establish the boundary between the States through the use of a readily identifiable and natural landmark. This identifiable line is established in the Red River Boundary Compact. The Compact sets the boundary between the States of Texas and Oklahoma as the vegetation line on the south bank of the Red River, except for the Texoma area where the boundary is established pursuant to procedures provided for in the compact approved by both States.  The vegetation line, which includes trees, shrubs and grasses, is easily recognizable. More importantly, the use of the vegetation line as the boundary marker also maintains historical significance. Surveyors of the General Land Office and Bureau of Land Management have confirmed that the vegetation line is substantially the same as the gradient boundary line, with the important distinction of being identifiable without a survey.  Like the Red River itself, this compact is the culmination of years of work. It is not easy to settle a jurisdiction battle that dates back to the Louisiana Purchase.  The U.S. Supreme Court has tried twice to settle this dispute, which at one point brought the governor of Oklahoma to the border in a tank. However, true to the slogan ``One Riot, One Ranger,'' the good governor of Oklahoma and his tank was held off by a lone Texas Ranger on his horse.  Madam Speaker, this is good legislation. A great deal of effort went into ensuring that the interest of all parties along the Red River are protected in the compact.  It is important to note that the terms of the Red River Boundary Compact will not affect private property ownership or boundaries. The compact is strictly political in nature and will in no way alter the property or the claims of individuals or federally recognized Indian tribes.  Finally, I want to take this opportunity before the House to recognize the tireless efforts of the chairman of the Red River Boundary Commission of the State of Texas, Mr. William Abney, from Marshall, Texas, a well-respected East Texas attorney, as well as the other members of both the Texas and Oklahoma commissions.  I would also like to offer special thanks to my colleague from Texas (Mr. Thornberry) who is here today for his work and for the work of his staff. I think both the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Thornberry) and I recognize that the true work of the House is done by the staff.  I urge Congress to pass House Joint Resolution 72.  Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  