 Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1776, the American Homeownership and Economic Opportunity Act of 2000.  Mr. Chairman, the issue of affordable housing has rapidly reached the level of a national crisis. From one end of this country to the other, we have working people, elderly people, low-income people who are scrambling hard to find peaceful and safe housing which they can afford.  In this, the richest country in the history of the world, in my view we should not be giving tax breaks to billionaires or spending money on wasteful military projects while so many of our people are having a hard time finding affordable housing.  This legislation is a step forward. I strongly support it. I would like to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Lazio), the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Leach), the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce), and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank), for their leadership on this legislation.  I especially want to thank them for their help in working with me on three amendments which I offered as a member of the Committee on Banking and Financial Services.  Let me briefly describe those amendments. The First Amendment would create a $5 million Federal investment to help low- and moderate-income homeowners buy duplexes. This funding would flow through the Neighborworks homeownership centers throughout the country. This amendment will make the dream of homeownership a reality for hundreds of first-time homebuyers.  Mr. Chairman, the number one barrier to homeownership is the up-front money needed to purchase a home, and this amendment helps address that problem. This amendment would allow neighborhood homeownership centers to provide some of that up-front money to hundreds of people throughout the country for the purpose of buying a duplex.  According to the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, the $5 million in that amendment would generate an additional investment of $58 million, and create 285 units of duplex homeownership available to first-time homebuyers throughout the country.  The Second Amendment would authorize $2 billion to make homeownership a reality for recipients of Section 8 rental assistance. This funding will allow HUD to provide downpayment grants of up to 20 percent of the purchase price of a home in order to leverage 80 percent of the remaining costs from other sources, including State housing finance agencies and the Neighborhood Housing Services of America. A 50 percent match requirement is needed for participation in the program.  Mr. Chairman, the final amendment that I have offered would allow more nonprofits the ability to purchase single-family homes from HUD in a 50 percent discount in areas of very low homeownership. These low homeownership areas have been designated by HUD as revitalization areas.  This amendment would require HUD to designate all areas in the United States that meet the criteria for a revitalization area within 60 days after a nonprofit has made such a request.  Mr. Chairman, the bottom line is that in this country we have a housing crisis. This bill moves us a little bit closer to addressing it.  