 Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Indiana, the ranking member, for giving me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in very strong support of this amendment authored by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Sherwood), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton), and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), authorizing the establishment of a Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve.  This amendment is very similar to freestanding legislation which I have authored which has some 98 cosponsors and similar to an amendment that passed this body as part of a larger bill a little while ago.  What is important to understand is that we not only have to pass this amendment tonight, but that we must go forward to adequately appropriate money to make sure that this Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve becomes a reality.  We had a vote last week where we lost by two votes, but I think a majority of the Members actually support it, and I hope we will support the roughly $10 million that we need for appropriations.  It is no secret to anybody that this country is facing an energy crisis from one end of the Nation to the other. We are seeing gasoline prices skyrocketing. We know that the price of crude oil has more than tripled since last year and is the highest that it has been since the Gulf War. The reason that prices are high is because the supply for gasoline is low. That obviously can mean only one thing; and that is, if we do not adequately prepare now for next winter, we will have a home heating oil disaster on our hands. That is why we have got to move very quickly on this Home Heating Oil Reserve.  Let me just quote what USA Today said yesterday. USA Today yesterday said, ``Those who heat with oil will shiver this winter, and pay a premium. Just 15.3 million barrels of heating oil are stockpiled for the East Coast, which uses 75 percent of the Nation's heating oil in the winter. That's well down from the 41.3 million barrels on hand last June.''  Mr. Chairman, we all know what happened last year. Home heating oil prices were the highest they have ever been in history. Now we are faced with a home heating oil stockpile that is 37 percent lower than last year. It does not take a genius to figure out that we are setting ourselves up for a huge heating oil crisis next year unless Congress acts now.  I do not believe that the Home Heating Oil Reserve is going to solve all of the problems. Far from it. But it is an important step forward. We have got to do all that we can to make sure that the huge increase in home heating oil prices that we experienced last winter does not happen again. Too many elderly people, too many people on fixed incomes just cannot afford to pay a doubling of the price that they paid the previous year for oil.  I urge support for this very important amendment and thank the sponsors of it.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky) has 30 seconds remaining.  