 Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the specific rule to permit an amendment on the floor offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Sherwood), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Barton), and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) authorizing the establishment of a Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve. Not only do we need to pass this rule, but what we really need to do is to appropriate funding for the creation of a Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve.  Mr. Speaker, we are experiencing an energy crisis in this country. The price of gasoline is skyrocketing. In the Midwest and other parts of the country, the price of a gallon of gas is now over $2 a gallon. Throughout the rest of the country, including my State of Vermont, it is well over $1.50 a gallon, and that is unacceptable.  Mr. Speaker, the price of crude oil has more than tripled since last year and is the highest it has been since the Gulf War. The reason the prices are high is because the supply for gasoline is low. This can only mean one thing. If we do not adequately prepare for next winter, we will have a home heating oil disaster on our hands.  But my colleagues do not have to take my word for it. I quote from an article that appeared in USA Today just yesterday: ``Those who heat with oil will shiver this winter and pay a premium. Just 15.3 million barrels of heating oil are stockpiled for the East Coast, which uses 75 percent of the Nation's heating oil in the winter. That's well down from 41.3 million barrels on hand last June.''  Mr. Speaker, we all know what happened last year. Home heating oil prices were the highest they have ever been in history. And now we are faced with a home heating oil stockpile that is 37 percent lower than last year. It does not take a genius to figure out that we are setting ourselves up for a huge heating oil crisis next year unless Congress acts now.  According to Bill O'Grady, oil analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons, ``If we have a cold winter early, we could end up seeing in heating oil what we're seeing in gas prices in spades.''  Mr. Speaker, we must not let this happen. We must make certain that the huge increase in home heating oil prices that we experienced last winter never happens again. Too many people were hurt by that huge increase in home heating oil prices. The astronomical prices that our constituents were forced to pay for home heating oil in order to stay warm last winter was unconscionable. Let us unite behind the creation of a Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve, and let us make sure that we have adequate funding to guarantee that it is up and running as soon as possible.  