 Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule. This bill theoretically is supposed to deal with the high price of oil. Unfortunately, it does not do that but it should do that.  In my rural State and all over this country, people are paying astronomically high prices for the fuel that they need to get to work and to do the things that they have to do, but unfortunately this legislation does not address that issue.  As the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Frost) just indicated, last night at the Committee on Rules a number of people from both political parties went before the committee and proposed different ideas in order to discuss the issue and resolve the issue as to how we can lower fuel prices in the United States, but not one of those amendments was allowed on the floor to debate.  I had an amendment which is essentially the legislation that I have offered which now has 94 cosponsors, including many Republicans, which is now supported by the White House, which suggests that in the Northeast we should have a home heating oil reserve so that when production is cut back we can at least draw on something at lower prices to make sure that we do not go through another winter that we just went through where the price of home heating oil zoomed upwards.  This is a sensible proposal. It would have the impact of lowering home heating oil for millions of homeowners throughout the Northeast. Why spread support?  Yet we could not get that bill on the floor for discussion or debate this afternoon.  Furthermore, many of us believe that, in fact, unlike what the previous speaker just indicated, that we do have a problem. Some of us do believe that OPEC bears some of the responsibility for the current crisis. Let us all remember that 9 years ago, it was American servicemen who brought back to power the emirs in Kuwait, who protected the royal family of Saudi Arabia and some of us have a problem with those folks colluding in what is very clearly a violation of any sense of free trade to limit production to force oil prices up in this country, and we think, in fact, and I say this as not a fan of the WTO, that what they have done is in clear violation of WTO rules.  We wanted to discuss that issue, but we did not have that opportunity. Some of us think that the President should go today to the strategic petroleum reserve, withdraw oil from that in order to bring down the prices. Good debate. We are not going to have an opportunity to debate that issue as well.  In other words, there is a whole lot to discuss. We are not going to have the opportunity to have that discussion. Let us vote no on this rule.  