 Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding to me.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1102. This bill is being touted as a package of pension provisions designed to increase pension benefits for Americans; yet some of the pension provisions included in the bill are simply new tax breaks that mostly accrues to the wealthiest Americans and may have the effect of slashing the pensions of lower- and middle-income families.  Mr. Speaker, if Congress is really concerned about protecting the pensions of American workers, it should quickly address the cash balance pension rip-off scheme being implemented by hundreds of large corporations all over this country.  Since 1985, despite large profits and growing surpluses in their pension funds, over 300 companies have slashed the retirement benefits that they promised their employees. Cash balance schemes typically reduce the future pension benefits of older workers by as much as 50 percent. Not only is this immoral, it is also illegal, because the reductions in benefits are in violation of Federal age-discrimination laws.  What makes the conversions even more indefensible is the fact that many of these companies have pension fund surpluses in the billions of dollars, and these surpluses have grown significantly in recent years.  Frankly, it is simply unacceptable that, during a time of record-breaking corporate profits, huge pension fund surpluses, massive compensations for CEOs, including, interestingly, very generous retirement benefits, that corporate America renege on the commitments that they have made to workers by slashing their pensions.  Last year, I held a town meeting in Winooski, Vermont, for IBM workers, the older IBM workers who had seen their pensions cut by as much as 50 percent. Over 700 older workers came out and expressed their outrage at what the company had done. I congratulate the IBM workers and look forward to working with them.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1102. This bill is being touted as a package of pension provisions designed to increase pension benefits for Americans. Yet some of the pension provisions included in the bill are simply new tax breaks that mostly accrue to the wealthiest Americans and may have the effect of slashing the pensions of lower and middle income families.  Last November, Treasury Secretary Summers and Labor Secretary Herman, criticized these pension provisions, saying that they ``could lead to reductions in retirement benefits for moderate and lower-income workers.''  Mr. Speaker, if Congress is really concerned about protecting the pensions of American workers it should quickly address the cash balance pension rip off scheme being implemented by hundreds of large corporations all over this country. In fact if this Congress is really concerned about protecting the pensions of American workers it should pass H.R. 2902, the Pension Benefits Preservation and Protection Act, legislation that I authored and that now has a total of 84 co-sponsors.  Mr. Speaker, all across this country, American workers are deeply concerned about the status of their pension plans. That concern is well founded. Since 1985, despite large profits and growing surpluses in their pension funds, over 300 companies have slashed the retirement benefits that they promised their employees. Cash balance schemes typically reduce the future pension benefits of older workers by as much as 50 percent. Not only is this immoral, it is also illegal because the reductions in benefits are in violation of Federal age discrimination law. What makes the conversions even more indefensible is the fact that many of these companies have pension fund surpluses in the billions of dollars and that have grown huge in recent years.  Frankly, it is simply unacceptable that during a time of record breaking corporate profits, huge pension fund surpluses, massive compensation for CEOs (including very generous retirement benefits), that corporate America renege on the commitments that they have made to workers by slashing their pensions.  Last summer, I held a town meeting in Vermont for IBM workers who live there. Seven hundred came out.  According to the Office of Management and Budget, corporations currently receive $100 billion a year in federal government subsidies through the tax code by offering pension plans. American taxpayers have a right to expect that corporations who take advantage of this special tax treatment will not slash the pensions of American workers.  Yet, hundreds of corporations throughout the country from IBM to AT are doing just that by converting their traditional defined benefit pension plans to these cash balance schemes.  Cash balance schemes are nothing but a replay of the corporate pension raids we experienced during the 1980's. While these companies claim that they are converting to cash balance plans to attract younger workers into their workforce, the fact of the matter is that cash balance plans are intentional attempts to slash the pension benefits of older workers.  The reason why large corporations are targeting their older workers' pensions is easy to understand. Millions and millions of Americans in the so-called ``baby boom'' generation are rapidly approaching retirement age. Companies that reduce the pensions of older workers will thus realize tremendous cost savings when these people retire.  Companies claim that they are converting to cash balance schemes to attract a younger, more mobile workforce. But, worker mobility is not the rationale for converting to a cash balance plan, money is. As 11,000 people a day turn 50, which cash balance promoter Watson Wyatt claims will turn us into a ``Nation of Floridas,'' employers are looking for any way possible to reduce older workers' promised benefits. This is outrageous.  But, what is even more outrageous is that they are not being honest to the employees whose pensions they are slashing. As Joseph Edmunds stated at a 1987 Conference of Consulting Actuaries, ``It is easy to install a cash balance plan in place of a traditional defined benefit plan and cover up cutbacks in future benefits.''  Despite the protestations of cash balance promoters, cash balance schemes are implemented to unlawfully cut the benefits of older employees and to disguise those cuts by implementing a plan that makes it virtually impossible for employees to make an ``apples to apples'' comparison of their benefits under the old and new plans.  Not only does the federal government need to enforce the laws that are on the books, Congress also must pass meaningful pension protections right now. That is why I introduced H.R. 2902. This legislation would primarily do three things:  (1) It would send a directive to the Secretary of Treasury to enforce the laws that are already on the books;  (2) It would provide a safe harbor making cash balance plans legal only if employees are given the choice to remain in their old pension plan with detailed disclosure; and  (3) It would provide a major disincentive for companies to slash the future pension benefits of employees.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2902 would provide meaningful pension protection to millions of Americans, unlike the current bill being considered right now. My legislation is being supported by the Pension Rights Center, the National Council of Senior Citizens, the Communications Workers of America, the IBM Employees Benefits Action Coalition, and several other groups. I urge my colleagues to defeat H.R. 1102, and work with me to pass real pension protection.  