 Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment, which increases the bill's funding for the Small Business Administration's Women's Business Centers Program to the authorizing committee's full authorization of $13 million, and provides the President's budget request of $1 million for the National Women's Business Council.  Two years ago this body agreed to an amendment that my colleague, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Velazquez), and I offered to double funding for the Women's Business Centers. This increase in funding doubled the size and scope of the Women's Business Centers Program, increasing the number of Women's Business Centers throughout the country to 92 centers, including one in my home State of Vermont.  The Women's Business Centers offer financial management, marketing, and technical assistance to current and potential women business owners. Each center tailors its style and offerings to the particular needs of its community. More importantly, the Women's Business Centers target economically disadvantaged women and areas of high unemployment. This program has had significant results.  Over the last 10 years, Women's Business Centers have served over 100,000 women entrepreneurs throughout the U.S. start and expand their businesses. As of 1999, there are nearly 34,000 women-owned businesses in Vermont, accounting for 40 percent of all firms in the State. Between 1992 and 1999, the number of women-owned businesses in Vermont increased by 50 percent, accounting for the creation of 47,000 new jobs in the State and $195 million in sales.  Women-owned businesses are thriving nationwide. Employment growth in women-owned businesses exceeds the national average in nearly every region of the country and in nearly every major industry. Between 1987 and 1996, the number of firms owned by women grew by 78 percent, which is almost twice the rate of increase in the number of all U.S. firms. Between these years virtually all new jobs were generated by small businesses. As large companies continued to downsize and fires exceeded hires, small businesses with less than 19 employees generated about 77 percent of the net new jobs.  If provided the funding, the SBA's Women's Business Centers can help level the playing field for women entrepreneurs who still face unique obstacles in the world of business. WBCs have programs to help women break into the Federal procurement and export markets.  While women entrepreneurs are expanding at the foreign markets at the same rate as all U.S. business owners, women-owned businesses receive less than 8.8 percent of the more than $200 billion in Federal contract awards. The President recently ordered all Federal departments and agencies to grant at least 5 percent of all prime contracts and subcontract awards to women-owned businesses.  Fully funding the National Women's Business Council, the bipartisan advisory panel that provides independent advice to the Federal Government on these issues, is crucial to accomplishing this goal, and I hope very much that we will pass this amendment.  