 Speaker, there are tens of thousands of IBM workers and millions of other workers who have seen significant reductions as the result of the conversion to cash balance. What will this legislation do for any one of those people?  Mr. McCRERY. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, if the gentleman from Vermont would allow me to reiterate that this bill does provide for accounting disclosure of every parcel of those plans so that those employees will have access to the information that they have not had access to in some of those situations that the gentleman from Vermont presents. So while this bill may not do everything the gentleman wants, it certainly improves the situation, and he should support that. But the gentleman from Vermont certainly should take some solace in the provisions that are in this bill.  The substitute, on the other hand, is something that this House should not support for a couple of reasons. Number one, it has not been properly vetted. It was sprung on the Committee on Ways and Means for the first time last week, and today we have an even different version from that that was sprung on the Committee on Ways and Means just last week.  It doubles the cost of the underlying bill, the new substitute does. The version that was sprung on us last week actually increased the cost by four or five times. Today's version only doubles the cost of the underlying bill.  The substitute is patterned after the earned income tax credit. Now, while I support the EIC, we should know that, before we create yet another program based upon that concept, that the Taxpayer Advocate's 1999 Annual Report to Congress identified the refundable earned income credit as one of the most serious problems facing taxpayers and the Internal Revenue Service in terms of its complexity, compliance, and litigation associated with it. Surely we do not want to double the problems with the IRS by creating a new program based on that concept.  Number two, this proposal would give refundable tax credits only to people who cannot afford now to put part of their salaries forward. So it really would have no effect. It would not help those folks at all.  This substitute, while well-intentioned is wrong headed. They came up with it very quickly to try to obfuscate the issue, try to detract attention from the fact that this is a bipartisan proposal. If the President wants to veto this, shame on him. We are finally doing what he asked us to do in a bipartisan way. He ought to sign it.  