 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This is a very simple bipartisan amendment that is cosponsored by the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher), the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Gutknecht), the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Barrett), and the gentleman from Maine (Mr. Baldacci). When I last introduced a version of this amendment in 1996, it received 180 votes. I hope we can win tonight with strong bipartisan support. This amendment is supported by Families USA, the National Council of Senior Citizens, and the Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare.  Mr. Chairman, over the years, the taxpayers of this country have contributed billions of dollars to the National Institutes of Health for research into new and important drugs, and that research money has paid off. Between 1955 and 1992, 92 percent of drugs approved by the FDA to treat cancer were researched and developed by the NIH. Today, many of the most widely used drugs in this country dealing with a variety of illnesses were developed through NIH research, and that is very good news.  The bad news is that, by and large, these drugs which were developed at taxpayer expense were given over to the pharmaceutical industry with no assurance that American consumers would not be charged outrageously high prices.  Mr. Chairman, the pharmaceutical companies constitute the most profitable industry in this country. Yet while their profits soar, millions of Americans cannot afford the prescription drugs they desperately need because of the high prices they are forced to pay. In fact, Americans pay by far the highest prices for prescription drugs than the people of any other country on Earth, and many of these drugs are manufactured right here in the United States and their research was done through taxpayer dollars.  While there are many reasons for the crisis in prescription drug costs in this country today, in this amendment I want to focus on one small part of that problem, and, that is, that it is totally unacceptable for the taxpayers of this country to provide billions of dollars through the NIH in research money for the pharmaceutical industry and get nothing in return in terms of lower prices for the products that they help to develop.  Mr. Chairman, the reality is that taxpayers spend billions of dollars for research and development of prescription drugs and they deserve to get a return on that investment in terms of lower prices.  Let me cite some examples. Tamoxifen, a widely prescribed drug for breast cancer, received federally funded research, and NIH sponsored 140 clinical trials to test its efficacy. Yet today the pharmaceutical industry charges women in this country 10 times more than they charge women in Canada for a drug widely developed with U.S. taxpayer support. Many, many other drugs were developed with NIH support: Zovirax; AZT, the primary AIDS drug; Capoten; Platinol. And Prozac, the blockbuster antidepresant, was made possible by the basic NIH-funded research that discovered the brain chemical triggering depression. And on and on it goes.  The reality is, and The New York Times in a front page story made this point, that much of the drug research in this country comes from taxpayer support.  Our amendment requires that the NIH abide by current law and ensure that a company that receives federally owned research or a federally owned drug provide that product to the American public on reasonable terms. This is not a new issue. During the Bush administration, the NIH insisted that cooperative research agreements contain, quote, a reasonable pricing clause that would protect consumers from exorbitant prices of products developed from federally funded research. The NIH several years ago abandoned the clauseunder heavy pressure from the pharmaceutical industry.  While a reasonable pricing clause is not the only device that will protect the investment that American taxpayers have made in numerous profitable drugs, this amendment makes clear that Congress will not stand by while NIH turns over valuable research without some evaluation that the price charged to consumers will be reasonable as is required by current law.  