 Chairman, I strongly support H.R. 701, the Conservation and Reinvestment Act, and I would like to commend Chairman Young and Ranking Member Miller for working together to craft this truly historic piece of environmental legislation.  Let me be clear, this bill is by no means perfect. For example, the funding formula for all seven titles of this bill could have been crafted in a more equitable manner to allow smaller States with important environmental needs like the State of Vermont to either receive more money or at least have the ability to apply for more money.  Legislation pending in the Senate, includes provisions to help smaller states like Vermont gain access to more environmental funding, and I am hopeful as this process moves along we can find a way to include these provisions in the final piece of legislation.  Having said that, we must not allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good. For the first time in 25 years, we have the opportunity to provide a permanent and reliable source of funding to protect our environment. This legislation is indeed one of the few bright spots of the 106th Congress, and we must do everything possible to ensure that a final version of this bill is passed and signed into law this year.  H.R. 701 would enable communities all across the country to expand parks and recreation, preserve open space farmland, protect wildlife and endangered species, and preserve historic buildings--more than three times the amount currently spent on those purposes. Funding for the measure would come from the more than $4 billion generated annually from royalties paid to the Federal Government from offshore oil and gas drilling on Federal lands.  One of the most important pieces of this legislation is full funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF). From parks to playgrounds, wilderness to wetlands, open trails to open spaces, the LWCF has been an American success story at the national, state and local levels. In its 35-year history, LWCF has been responsible for nearly 7 million acres of parkland, refuges, and open spaces and the development of more than 37,000 State parks and recreation projects.  Since 1968, my State of Vermont has received more than $27 million in LWCF funds. Practically every town in the State has benefited from LWCF money. Examples of LWCF projects include State treasures such as Camel's Hump State Park and the Mount Hunger hiking trail. Many other LWCF projects are far less high-profile, but make a significant contribution to local communities. From the repair of a sewage system in a town park, to the creation of a school sports field, hundreds of these projects have enriched Vermonters' lives at the local level. In addition, these projects have assisted local authorities in funding the ever-increasing demand for recreation facilities.  It is truly amazing that LWCF has been as successful as it has been, given the fact that with the exception of one year LWCF has never been fully funded. By passing this legislation we would redeem a promise Congress made 36 years ago to dedicate a portion of the revenue stream from offshore oil production into preserving our nation's natural resources. Rarely has Congress had such an opportunity to redeem a promise that it made to the American people. We can do that today by passing this legislation.  H.R. 701 will dramatically increase federal spending on outdoor-recreation facilities and, most importantly, it will safeguard the environment. All 50 Governors have endorsed this bill, and the majority of both House Republicans and House Democrats have signed on as cosponsors.  I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this important piece of legislation.  