 And the fact that the minority leader has now come strongly on board, this legislation makes me more confident that we are going to pass it.  But here is the story, and let us be very clear about it. The pharmaceutical industry is the most powerful industry in this country. Last year it made $27 billion in profits, $27 billion in profits while charging the American people, by far, the highest cost for prescription drugs than any other country in the world.  I live in the State of Vermont. We border on Canada. Last year, I madetwo trips over the border with Vermonters to purchase prescription drugs in Canada, and I want to relay one aspect of our trip. We had with us a number of women who are struggling against breast cancer, struggling for their lives, and they take a widely prescribed prescription drug called Tamoxiphen. What we found when we went over the border is that the cost of Tamoxiphen, which saves the lives of women who are struggling with breast cancer, was one-tenth the price than in the United States of America.  Imagine that, women struggling for their lives are paying ten times more for the same exact product in this country than a few minutes away over the border. Now, as the minority leader has indicated, we have strong bipartisan support for this legislation. In my view, if that bill that was passed in the Senate were brought to the House and Senate today, it would pass overwhelmingly. It would not be close. The problem that we are having now is that the pharmaceutical industry is exerting enormous pressure on the Republican leadership. And those of us in Congress and all over America are watching day by day to see if the Republican leadership has the courage to bring this bill on to the floor, which has widespread bipartisan support.  Many Democrats and Republicans, like the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Emerson) and the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn) and others, are fighting the right fight. The American people are sick and tired of being played the fool and paying by far higher prices than anyone else. As the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley) indicated a moment ago, the pharmaceutical industry is spending millions and millions of dollars on radio ads, on television ads, on newspaper ads which are dishonest and misleading.  So I would say to the minority leader that the $64 million question is: Does the Republican leadership have the guts to stand up to the pharmaceutical industry and allow us to pass bipartisan legislation that would overwhelmingly sail through both bodies and lower the cost of prescription drugs by 30 to 50 percent?  And I want to thank the gentleman very much for his active role now in seeing that the legislation is passed.  