Speaker, our commemoration of September 11 is a solemn occasion. It is a day of remembrance and a day of resolve. We remember those, Mr. Speaker, who perished or were injured 5 years ago in New York, Virginia at the Pentagon, and Pennsylvania due to the evil acts of men consumed by a murderous ideology filled with hate.  We mourn the loss of the innocent, and we pray for their loved ones. We also recall with pride, yes, with sorrow as well, though, the heroism of our first responder, and in many cases civilians turned rescuers, who put their own lives in harm's way as they sought to help others. Their selflessness on a day of fire, destruction and death reminds us of the courageous American spirit, and it renews our faith in humankind.  The commemoration of 9/11 also is a time for this Congress to express our collective national resolve. We resolved to protect the American people and our beloved homeland and to combat and defeat the perpetrators of terrorism and tyranny, and to fight for freedom, for democracy, for respect for human rights, and for the rule of law.  Now, the resolution before us today in many respects is not objectionable. Indeed, I will vote for this resolution. I do not quarrel, for example, with the propriety or the sentiments expressed in any of the resolved clauses in this measure. This resolution commemorating the worst terrorist attack on American soil in our history, a wound that has not yet healed, ought to be a unifying document that virtually every single Member of this House can support without reservation.  I regret, therefore, that in my discussions with the majority leader, and in Ms. Pelosi's discussion with the Speaker, that the Republicans did not see fit to make this a fully bipartisan resolution.  While I will support it, I lament the continuing partisanship which seeks to divide this House in sentiments that ought to see a unified House. I lament the fact that in the face of a Nation at war that we are not working to bring us together. But that effort was not made; and it is a failure of leadership, in my opinion.  Despite the fact that the Senate passed a 9/11 resolution this year by unanimous consent, and despite the fact that this body passed a 9/11 resolution last year by a vote of 402-6, the Republican leadership still attempts to gain political advantage through this measure. I think that is unfortunate.  I am going to support this measure, but there are conclusions in the ``whereas'' clauses with which I do not agree and which were not necessary for expressing our remembrance and our resolve. The majority presents a resolution that includes extraneous and inappropriate, divisive, self-serving and, in my opinion, politically motivated language. How sad that you would do that in a resolution that seeks to express the unanimous opinion of the representatives of the American people.  I ask my Republican friends what is the point of including a reference in this resolution to controversial legislation that has not even become law.  Specifically, I refer to the mention in the House Republicans' immigration reform bill. That bill was controversial in this House. That bill has not passed the Senate. That bill has been rejected, essentially, by the Senate. They have come together with a compromise with which the House has not agreed. Yet we reference in this resolution that which seeks to express our united opinion. How sad.  The reference to this bill, which is opposed by even many Republicans, has no place in a resolution commemorating this solemn occasion, not withstanding the importance of that particular issue.  It is deeply regrettable, Mr. Speaker, that on this, the fifth anniversary of the worst terrorist attack in our history, that the Republican leadership has made political expedience a priority. I lament that, but I will vote for this because I do not want any confusion among those whom we confront.  I want no confusion on those we confront. I want no confusion by terrorists who wish us ill. I want no confusion that we are not united, not just as a Congress but as a American people, and a resolve to defeat and deter terrorists and protect our people and our great country.  Like the Senate, we should be voting on a resolution designed to inspire and demonstrate unity, not division  