This is about politics not policy. The policy, I am going to support. This is about politics. It is about the election of one Member in a very hotly contested race in New York.  I hope the American public are tuned in. With all the pressing critical issues that confront our Nation, what is the one issue in the one-fifteenth of the session that we have left that we are according our time to? The Horse Slaughter Prevention Act. This is an important issue that should be considered. I do not mean to make light of the legislation. But is this the issue that the American people expect their elected representatives to be considering at this moment?  On Monday, we commemorate the fifth anniversary of the worst terrorist attack in our Nation's history. 9/11 is a day of remembrance and resolve, and it is also a time to recognize that we are not as safe as we should be. Apparently, horses aren't either. But people aren't as safe as they should be.  Just today, a former Republican Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, wrote, and I quote, ``Five years have passed since the horrific attack on our homeland, and still there is one serious undeniable fact we have yet to confront. We are today,'' said the former Speaker, Newt Gingrich, ``not where we wanted to be and nowhere near where we need to be.''  Yet one-fifteenth of the time we have left before the election is spent on horses. Osama bin Laden is still on the loose. This Congress has failed to enact the 9/11 Commission's recommendations. The nuclear threat from North Korea and Iran has increased. Afghanistan is backsliding, and Iraq simmers in a low-grade civil war, yet we are focused on this act.  Last week, I joined more than 20 of my Democratic colleagues in visiting New Orleans and the gulf coast, areas devastated by Hurricane Katrina 1 year ago. We observed incredible courage and optimism on the part of the citizens there, but we all saw an area that is still a shell of its former self.  In New Orleans, nearly 60 percent of homes and businesses do not have electricity. Much of New Orleans lacks a dependable supply of potable water, and only $44 billion of the $110 billion appropriated for rebuilding assistance to victims has been spent. Yet what are we doing today? Focusing on horses.  This bill was defeated 37-3 in committee. The Patient's Bill of Rights, cosponsored by Mr. Dingell, was supported by the majority of this House and the majority of the Senate, and it died in conference, for political reasons. This bill here is for political reasons.  While this body considers this legislation today, the Republican leadership refuses to allow an up-or-down vote on providing a long overdue increase for the minimum wage.  