Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, every single Member of this House understands that we must secure our Nation's borders. Our Nation is at war, and those who seek to harm our homeland and our people will attempt to exploit our national security vulnerabilities. There is no question, to protect our country, we must know who is in our country.  But rather than work with Democrats to achieve this consensus national security objective, the House Republican majority today is engaging in a cynical charade, I suggest.  This is not a feel-good measure. I agree with most of what my friend from Arizona had to say. This is not a feel-good measure; this is a political measure. This is a political measure, because Americans are rightfully concerned about their borders being secure. They were concerned about that in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, and, yes every day up until today. But they know our borders are not secure.  Now, we haven't been in charge of the administration, the Congress or the Senate. Prior to that, if you look at the record, we were more secure at theborders. If you look at the record, honestly, you will see in terms of the numbers of people coming in, the numbers of people being stopped, the numbers of fines being levied on employers, there was more, not less, in the Clinton administration than there is in the Bush administration.  This is, I suggest to you, to score political points that are going to be, not could be, are going to be demagogued in 30-second ads. I guarantee you they will be used in ads.  The legislation before us solely contains the border fence provisions that were added to the Sensenbrenner immigration reform bill that passed this House last December with overwhelming Republican support.  This is what I call to some degree the ``regurgitation process'' that we are in so much. We pass a bill, it doesn't go anywhere in the Senate; we pass it again, it doesn't go anywhere in the Senate; we pass it again. Why do we do so? To appeal to the fears and the passions of our people.  Let me just say, building a fence along 700 miles of our southern border is no panacea to our very real national concerns that must be addressed. In my view, it is a political grandstand play that wastes precious time.  Here, in fact, is what the President of the United States, President Bush, said, in May regarding the issue of immigration reform and border security, exactly what the gentleman from Arizona, the Republican chairman of one of our subcommittees of the Appropriations Committee. President Bush said, ``An immigration reform bill needs to be comprehensive because all elements of this problem must be addressed together or none of them will be solved at all.''  We passed a bill. The Senate passed a bill. But we haven't gone to conference. The Republican leadership of the Senate and the House have been stuck in the mud while America knew it had a problem that needed to be solved.  Today, the House Republicans come forward with this rifle-shot bill, this regurgitation of one aspect of the legislation.  Mr. Speaker, we all know that the Republican bill, if it does pass, is going nowhere. It will not be passed. We are wasting our time and the American people's time.  For months now, Republican infighting has prevented this Congress from enacting true immigration reform and protection, and that infighting and unwillingness to compromise on the part of House Republicans is what instigated this narrow bill.  Now, what compels us on this bill? We only have 2\1/2\ weeks, 3 weeks to go, the elections are coming, and, very frankly, the Republicans aren't doing too well, and the fear factor is one of their major political ploys.  Our Republican friends are desperate for a legislative victory and desperate for political talking points. They recognize that, as Senator Specter, the Republican chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said, ``Republicans control both Houses and the White House. If we don't move forward and solve the immigration reform problem and border security, we are not doing our job.'' Today, we are pretending to do our job.  We are not doing our job. There is a bill in conference, but we are not working on it.  Today, I urge you to support the comprehensive alternative that will be offered by the ranking member of the Homeland Security Committee, which deals in a comprehensive way, which is what President Bush suggested we ought to do.  We should be coming together, on a bipartisan basis, on comprehensive legislation that would make us safer by beefing up security along our borders.  That is precisely what the Reyes-Thompson substitute would do--providing the technology, personnel, equipment and infrastructure to monitor and secure every mile of the border every hour of every day.  Instead, House Republicans are engaging in this charade.  