Davis) for yielding me time. I want to thank my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster) for his leadership on this issue.  Madam Speaker, for the 16th straight year, I am proud to sponsor the resolution allowing the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its annual race on the grounds of the United States Capitol.  H. Con. Res. 349 authorizes the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board to work with the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to ensure that all the necessary arrangements are made to conduct this race in complete compliance with the rules and regulations governing the use of the Capitol Grounds. The 65th annual Greater Washington Soap Box Derby will be held on Saturday, June 17.  Soap box derby racing, Madam Speaker, in our Nation's Capital has a long and rich tradition. In 1938, Norman Rocca beat out 233 other racers to win the inaugural Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, which was held on New Hampshire.  Over the years, thousands of the region's young people have participated in this great race, although the location has varied from the original site on New Hampshire Avenue to Capitol Hill, with stops on Massachusetts Avenue, Pennsylvania Avenue, and Eastern Avenue along the way.  The essence of the race has remained the same. homemade gravity-powered cars, the spirit of competition, and the pure joy of racing. The Soap Box Derby consists of dozens of drivers, both boys and girls, ranging in ages from 8 to 17. These racers are divided into three division: stock, superstock and masters. The local winners of each division will automatically qualify to compete with racers from around the world in the 69th All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio, on July 22 of this year.  The festivities in Akron begin when the racers receive a police escort into town and conclude in the winner's circle with the awarding of scholarships and merchandise. In between, the racers and their families participate in a whirlwind of activities that leave them with enduring friendships and memories to last a lifetime.  The past 6 years, the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby has had one of its participants finish in the top 10 in the All-American competition. In fact, last year's master's division champion, Robbie Reuss of Waldorf, finished an impressive second in Akron. Robbie's finish surpassed Gene Bean's third in the 1941 All-American and is the best finish for a representative of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. I am very proud of Robbie, and I am hopeful that this might finally be the year when one of our racers from the Greater Washington area is finally crowned world champion.  Madam Speaker, this event has been called the greatest amateur racing event in the world, and it is an excellent opportunity for the contestants from the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia to learn basic building skills while gaining a real sense of accomplishment.  Madam Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues, as I expect them to, to join me with the other original cosponsors of this resolution, Representative Frank Wolf, Representative James Moran, Representative Eleanor Holmes Norton, Representative Al Wynn, and Representative Chris Van Hollen, in supporting this resolution and congratulating all the participants.  