The hour is late and the time is limited. Mr. Speaker, I rise, however, to briefly urge my colleagues to take action on raising the minimum wage. This is an action of fairness. It is the right thing to do. It is an issue of values. The American people believe it is the right thing to do. Eighty-six percent of them have said we ought to raise the minimum wage.  This issue clearly illustrates the different priorities, it seems to me, between the Democratic and Republican sides of the aisle. We Democrats have been trying to get this issue on the floor for years now.  Let us look at the facts, Mr. Speaker. Democrats have been fighting to raise the minimum wage from $5.15 to $7.25 an hour over 2 years. Today, if the minimum wage were at the rate it was in 1968, we would be paying $9.05. We are not getting there, but we ought to do better than we have done.  Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the Republican side of the aisle is fighting us tooth and nail while attempting this week to bring up legislation once again that gives the heirs of the wealthiest families in America a break on the estates tax and drive our Nation even deeper into debt. That is right, while the working people struggle to make ends meet, doing what we expect them to do, this Congress is rushing an estate tax bill, what I call the ``Paris Hilton Tax Relief Act,'' to the floor.  Of course, as usual, the bill is not paid for and continues the majority's fiscal irresponsibility and will increase our costs of borrowing by $280 billion over the next 10 years. We are borrowing because we have no money to give a tax cut, so we are going to have to borrow it from other nations.  Last week, in the Appropriations Committee, I offered an amendment to the fiscal year 2007 labor-health bill. That amendment passed, raising the minimum wage 70 cents on each of the next Januarys, 2007, 2908 and 2009, bringing to $7.25 the minimum wage. Seven Republicans, Mr. Speaker, on the committee voted for that bill, several of whom have tough races. So they were listening very carefully to their people at home; and their people, again by overwhelming majorities, say this is the fair and right thing to do.  We thought we were going to consider that labor-health bill this week. It was announced it would be on the floor this week, but it was pulled. I am not sure exactly of all the reasons, but in part surely it was pulled because there was a question about the rule.  I want to say, Mr. Speaker, when that bill comes to the floor, the rule vote will be a minimum-wage vote. And if you think that the minimum wage ought to be increased, if you think working Americans ought to be given a wage that gets them out of poverty, if you think that somebody who works in America ought to be able to support at least themselves, then you will vote against the rule, unless it gives a waiver for this amendment.  Mr. Speaker, Mr. Miller and I, and the others who will speak on this floor, believe very strongly that in an America that honors work and in an America, the richest Nation on the face of the Earth, that is an example for the rest of the world, we ought to make sure that those who work, those who get up in the morning and work hard, play by the rules, as Bill Clinton used to say, ought to get a decent, fair wage.  Mr. Speaker, I hope that when this bill comes forward that every Member of this House will vote for a rule that ensures an up-or-down vote on raising the minimum wage in America for all our workers who work at that level. There are 6.6 million people, Mr. Speaker, 6.6 million Americans trying to support themselves and participating in helping to support their children and their families. It is the right thing to do.  Over 86 percent of Americans think it is the right thing to do and the House of Representatives ought to do the right thing.  And, five of those seven Republicans who voted with Democrats last week flip-flopped. The other two failed to vote.  And, the amendment failed.  Mr. Speaker, the failure of this Congress to act on the minimum wage is a national embarrassment.  It has been 9 years since we last raised the Federal minimum wage--the second longest period without an increase since a minimum wage was first enacted.  Today, the minimum wage is at its lowest level in 50 years, when adjusted for inflation.  Had the minimum wage been indexed for inflation since 1968, it would be $9.05 an hour today--not $5.15.  People who work full-time in the United States of America--the richest nation on earth--should not be poor.  But in 2003 there were 3.7 million workers who worked full-time, year-round, and still lived in poverty.  And, let's disabuse ourselves of this notion that ``no one'' really makes the minimum wage any more.  Not true.  In fact, a minimum wage increase would directly benefit 6.6 million low-wage workers--most of whom are adults who work to support themselves and their families.  An increase would specifically benefit 760,000 single mothers who toil day in and day out, sometimes at 2 or 3 jobs to provide just the basic necessities for themselves and their children.  Let's also dispense with the Republicans' favorite argument--that raising the minimum wage will somehow cost us jobs.  Again, not true.  We know that this argument is false because 20 States and the District of Columbia have raised their minimum wage above the federal rate.  And, a study conducted by the Center for American Progress and Policy Matters Ohio shows the following:  Employment in small businesses grew more (9.4 percent) in states with higher minimum wages than Federal minimum wage states (6.6 percent).  And, inflation-adjusted small business payroll growth was stronger in high minimumwage states (19 percent) than in Federal minimum wage states (13.6 percent).  Raising the minimum wage is an issue of fairness and an issue of values.  A PEW research poll in December 2005 found that 86 percent of Americans support raising the minimum wage.  The time to increase the minimum wage is long overdue, and Democrats are going to keep fighting for a fair wage for America's working families.  