Chairman, I thank the distinguished chairman. The gentlewoman from California and I have cochaired a caucus on copyrights. We have worked very closely with Mr. Goodlatte, and my good friend, Mr. Berman.  I do want to acknowledge that the education community and the entertainment community have been working cooperatively, Mr. Chairman, for more than 2 years to develop ways to reduce illegal file sharing and develop legal alternatives.  Some universities are true leaders, in fact, in combating piracy on campus. But we have no data, Mr. Chairman, that ensures that all institutions are aggressive in their efforts to educate students on piracy and in deterring this activity. I thank the gentleman for agreeing to work with us on this critically important issue, and I yield back to the gentleman from California.  Mr. McKEON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for his work on this issue. As this bill moves through the process, I will work with the gentlewoman, with my good friend from the State of California (Mr. Berman), my good friend from Virginia (Mr. Goodlatte), my friend from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer); you can see this is a coast-to-coast issue; and others to ensure that we have additional compliance from the higher education community on the illegal downloading of copyrighted material, including working on report language during the conference committee to ensure that colleges and universities take seriously their obligation to aggressively tackle this problem.  Schools should have policies in place accompanied by strong punishments to notify students that unauthorized downloading and sharing is illegal. I thank the gentleman for his strong leadership on this issue and for bringing attention to this issue.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  How much time do I have remaining, Mr. Chairman?  The Acting CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has 1 minute remaining.  Mr. McKEON. And the gentleman from California has?  The Acting CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from California (Mr. Miller) has 3 minutes remaining.  Mr. McKEON. I reserve the balance of my time.  