Lantos, and I want to thank my friend Mr. Smith as well. Mr. Smith and I had the honor of co-chairing, he was in the minority at that point in time and I was chairing the Helsinki Commission, but there was no distinction in terms of party. Mr. Smith has been a strong and compelling voice on human rights.  Mr. Lantos, my friend of over a quarter of a century, has been a giant on behalf of peace and security and human rights, and I am honored to support his resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the bill before us offered by my good friend, the ranking Democrat on the International Relations Committee. It calls on the President to take immediate steps to improve the security situation in Darfur, Sudan.  Mr. Speaker, for 3 years the world has turned effectively a blind eye to the genocide in Darfur, the vast region in Western Sudan; a blind eye not because we did not hear and not because we did not see, but because we have not acted.  Already more than 200,000 civilians have died and more than 2.5 million have been driven from their homes as a result of violent warfare between the government-sanctioned Janjaweed and the disparate rebel groups. Frighteningly, Mr. Speaker, a report in the Washington Post just 2 weeks ago suggested these numbers could indeed be higher, maybe even double the figures I have just cited.  Did we not learn anything from the lessons of Bosnia, Kosovo, Rwanda and other places in Africa? Did we not learn the consequences of our negligence in the 1930s? We watched in horror as troops in blue helmets in Bosnia stood by and witnessed the rape, murder and displacement of thousands.  I don't know how many people, Mr. Speaker, saw Hotel Rwanda. Nick Nolte played the colonel. As Rwanda was imploding and thousands were being murdered, the manager of the Hotel appealed to Nick Nolte, the colonel, in charge of the UN troops, ``Do something.'' And his sad response was, ``My duty is to watch and report. I neither have the troops nor the power to intervene.''  Clearly, Mr. Speaker, the situation in Darfur is the world's worst current human rights crisis. 