 Mr. Speaker, this resolution is an unequivocal statement of principle, a statement of our continuing support for our ally, the democratic State of Israel, as well as an explicit rejection of the hateful ideology that seeks her destruction. And I hope every Member will support it.  The resolution states quite simply that the United States should not provide direct assistance to the Palestinian Authority ``if any representative political party holding a majority of parliamentary seats within the Palestinian Authority maintains a position calling for the destruction of Israel,'' or, in fact, the destruction of another free country.  The resolution, of course, is necessitated by the electoral victory of Hamas, an internationally recognized terrorist organization that is publicly committed to the destruction of Israel. Anyone who questions this need only read the Charter of Allah, the platform of the Islamic Resistance Movement, otherwise known as Hamas.  Consider just one passage. Ms. Ros-Lehtinen has referred to some other statements incorporated in other documents, but this is their basic charter: ``In order to face the usurpation of Palestine by the Jews, we have no escape from raising the banner of jihad.'' Destruction of a people. Destruction of children, families, of a nation.  Mr. Speaker, the Palestinian people voted in January in what appears to be a free and fair election, and the democratic expression of the people will and should always be encouraged. It is clear, however, that this victory by Hamas is, in significant part, a reaction by Palestinian voters to the rampant corruption in the Fatah movement that began and continued under Yaser Arafat. However, the Palestinian side must recognize that the election of Hamas to a parliamentary majority will not change or alter the absolute, irrevocable precondition for peace, the dismantlement of the Palestinian terrorist infrastructure. In fact, I believe that the international community must now exert its collective will upon Hamas and insist that it renounce the tactics of terror and proactively dismantle that terrorist infrastructure.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me say to our friends in Israel that the United States-Israel relationship today is stronger than ever and we are fully committed to our ally's security, sovereignty, and success.  I urge my colleagues to vote for this resolution.  