Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida.  At a time when this Congress is embroiled in the most serious scandal in a generation, when a culture of corruption has swept over this body with no sign the Ethics Committee is addressing it, this body should be devoting the precious few days it has here to reforming its own culture and practices.  Today, the Republicans are doing what they so often do. They are trying to gag their opponents and further empower their supporters. They again abuse their legislative power to assault their adversaries. This is not reform. It is retaliation.  It is ironic that so many of the Republican leadership in opposing campaign finance reform argued so strenuously against campaign expenditure limits but now advocate limitations, not because of principle but because of political power and the abuse of that power.  The Republican leadership has chosen to take on political organizations in a cynical attempt to appear serious about reform and divert attention from its own ethical failures.  Mr. Speaker, the problem confronting our polity is not independent groups whose political activities are legal and are disclosed regularly to either the IRS or the FEC. We know who spends this money. The public can make a judgment.  Rather, it is the degree to which the Republican leadership has sacrificed the public interest, good public policy, and its own ethical conduct in order to amass, consolidate and perpetuate power through unseemly and unethical alliances with special interests like Jack Abramoff.  If this body were serious about reform, we would be debating the best way to eliminate the culture of corruption, not restrict the first amendment rights of political organizations.  Now, the previous speaker mentioned campaign finance reform. Let me quote some debate during the course of that consideration of that bill. The gentleman who brings this bill to the floor today, Mr. Dreier, I always like to quote Mr. Dreier because they are such different points of view that are reflected; you can almost get the whole spectrum of thought.  ``Mr. Dreier: So we have these attempts being made by some to impose extraordinary, onerous regulations on the American people, jeopardizing their opportunity to come together and pursue their political interests that they have, that a shared group has; and I believe that is wrong,'' says Mr. Dreier. ``I believe it is wrong,'' Mr. Dreier said on February 13, 2002, ``to impose those kinds of regulations.''  We then had a vote on campaign finance reform by the same folks who are offering this bill to reform, and Mr. Hastert voted ``no,'' Mr. Boehner voted ``no,'' Mr. Blunt voted ``no,'' Mr. DeLay voted ``no,'' and, yes, my friend and my colleague from California (Mr. Dreier) voted ``no.''  