Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for offering this important bipartisan resolution recognizing the 58th anniversary of the independence of the State of Israel. And I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it.  Throughout the last 58 years, Israel--an oasis of freedom in a sea of despair--has been vilified, threatened and attacked by those who seek her destruction. And yet, she has prevailed and prospered--just as she will prevail and prosper today, tomorrow and in the future.  Harry Truman made the United States the first nation to recognize the new State of Israel in 1948, just 11 minutes after its creation.  ``I had faith in Israel before it was established, I have faith in it now,'' said President Truman. ``I believe it has a glorious future before it--not just another sovereign nation, but as an embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization.''  Israel's security and success is not only a strategic imperative for the United States. It is a moral imperative, as well. Ours is a relationship of shared values and common aspirations, and of principle and conscience.  We are nations of immigrants, safe havens for the oppressed and partners for peace. And, we are united in fighting terrorism.  No people on earth have been subjected to more bigotry and violence than the Jewish people, and no people are more in need of a sovereign, secure homeland to provide safe haven and to protect identity.  I have had the privilege of leading Congressional delegations on tours of Israel twice in the last three years. And, I can say with confidence that the special bond that exists between the United States and Israel is strong, growing stronger and will not break.  Last August, our Congressional delegation saw firsthand the pain caused by Israel's unilateral disengagement from Gaza--another bold step undertaken in the pursuit of peace and stability.  But more importantly, we saw a people deeply committed to the democratic process and the rule of law. What our Members saw was a reflection of themselves: People who love their country; people who want to live in peace and freedom; and people who want their children to have even greater opportunities.  Today, as our allies in Israel prepare to celebrate their 58th anniversary of independence, let us honor their determination to fulfill the vision of Zionism's founding father, Theodor Herzl, who observed, ``If you will it, it is no dream.''  Through courage and will, Israel was born and the dream of generations was made real--and it will endure.  I want to congratulate the citizens of Israel and the entire Jewish community on this 58th anniversary of Israel's founding.  