Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.  Again, I want to thank Mr. Inslee, Mr. Shays, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Barton, Mr. Dingell as well.  Recycling is an important environmental concept that predates, by decades, the first Earth Day and talk of global climate change. In fact, according to the National Recycling Coalition, before the 1920s, 70 percent of U.S. cities ran programs to recycle certain materials. And during World War II, 60 years ago, American industry reused and recycled 25 percent of the waste system. Today we're recycling and reusing about 33 percent of our Nation's waste.  Moreover, the need for serious recycling takes on an added dimension when one considers the state of America's landfill capacity. According to the EPA, since 1980 the total annual generation of municipal solid waste, otherwise known as regular household trash, has increased by more than 60 percent to its 2005 level of nearly 246 million tons every year.  And further, according to the EPA, over the last 15 years, 9 percent less, or about 9 million tons, of household garbage is going to our Nation's landfills. That means that the increased recycling efforts must step in to bridge the gap.  And while many folks may think that promoting recycling is confined just to picking up a newspaper printed on recycled papers, or buying a soft drink or beer in a recycled bottle, our domestic recycling industry is even more sophisticated and diverse than those perceptions. I've seen it firsthand in my district. In fact, domestic paper recycling helps create everything from cereal boxes, Kelloggs in Michigan, to furniture, recycled plastic soda bottles yield fibers that produce T-shirts, recycled carpet forms the basic fill for ski jackets. Recycling is not just a good environmental practice; it's also a great way to help grow our economy.  So, Mr. Speaker, this resolution is simply not just a remind of the virtue of a good stewardship. It's also a charge to every one of us that taking time to recycle does indeed make a difference for the world. And I would urge that my colleagues support this resolution encouraging every American to participate in promoting the social, environmental, and economic benefits of recycling and buying recycled-content products.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  