Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.  I want to take particular time to thank Mr. Markey, my good friend, Mr. Dingell, as well as Mr. Gordon, the bill's sponsor, as well as Mr. Shimkus and Ms. Eshoo for their really outstanding leadership on this issue.  This is a good bill. All of us here know stories, many of us can relate personally to stories, using 911. This goes a bit further when we talk about E-911.  There is a recent news story that highlighted the importance of this service. A mother in Washington State was playing with her 2-year-old daughter, Alana, one night when suddenly a migraine hit her. She collapsed, she took a few painkillers, she felt dizzy, collapsed to the floor, and yet the 2-year-old daughter, Alana, watching her mom collapse, walked over to the coffee table, picked up the phone, and dialed 911.  While she was on the phone, all she said was ``mommy, ouch.'' Those two words alone were enough to send the paramedics to their home. Inside they found the mom on the floor and the daughter in the other room getting a blanket for her mom who was shivering. Thankfully, she was released the very next day. But without that technology, who knows how the situation, or many others like it, would end up.  Our 911 system continues to evolve. We've made a lot of progress on enhanced 911 deployment, but E-911 can provide the actual phone number and location of a caller, which can be essential in reaching people who need thehelp, especially if they're having trouble communicating.  The FCC helped move the ball forward in June of 2005 by requiring that VoIP providers offer 911 services to their customers. And while technologically it is more complicated for VoIP providers to provide the service, it certainly is of equal importance.  We've all heard the horror stories in the past of people trying unsuccessfully to use 911 from their homes or mobile phones, and I'm hopeful that with the leaps taken so far, along with this legislation, all consumers, regardless of the phone service or their location, will be better served in an emergency.  This bill, H.R. 3403, the 911 Modernization and Public Safety Act of 2007, is certainly a significant public safety bill. I would urge my colleagues to vote for it. And, again, I want to thank the bipartisan cooperation that we've seen every step along the way, not only in this body, but in the Senate as well.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  