Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to again thank Chairman Dingell and Mr. Barton, the ranking member of the committee. I remember 2 weeks ago when we moved this through our committee, it was a very important piece of legislation. Ms. Bean is the author of this. I know Mary Bono on our side helped immensely in getting it through the subcommittee. We all rise in support of H.R. 3461, Safeguarding America's Families by Enhancing and Reorganizing New and Efficient Technologies Act of 2007.  This bill directs the FTC, the Federal Trade Commission, to carry out a nationwide public awareness campaign about Internet safety, provides a 1-year authorization of $5 million to carry out that campaign, and directs the FTC to report annually to the Congress on its activities to promote Internet safety. I look forward to those reports as the ranking member of the Telecommunications and Internet Subcommittee.  The FTC has been very active in the area, and its current computer security education campaign is built around an innovative multimedia Web site, www.OnguardOnline.gov, with special tips and features for children, teens and their parents. H.R. 3461 expands these underway. Moreover, the Internet defines Internet safety to include threats to juveniles, including cyber predators and material that is inappropriate for minors, criminal activity beyond the FTC's authority and scope. And to fulfill that directive, the FTC would then partner with the FBI and the U.S. Postal Service and with prominent nongovernmental organizations such as the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.  Mr. Speaker, I visit a school almost every week, actually more than once a week, and often when I speak to an elementary school, I will ask those third or fourth graders, ``How many of you have seen something inappropriate on the Internet?'' It didn't used to be. It used to be that my question was, ``How many of you have a computer at home?'' Now practically everyone has a computer at home. But now when I ask that question, ``Have you seen something inappropriate?'' every hand goes up, including mine.  Mr. Speaker, I hosted an event in our district two Mondays ago on Internet safety in our intermediate school district in Berrien County, was attended by hundreds of people. We had votes that night so I couldn't be there. But it is a concern. Parents have to know what is going on. And that is why this new Web site, OnGuardOnline.gov is very important so that the word can get out, because the Internet is a double-edged sword. Yes, it helps our lives in so many different ways, but we have to look out for the nightmare that could come into that home from someone who we would not want in as a decent parent.  So this is good legislation. It is going to have a positive impact. There is a reason that it passed by unanimous vote among Republicans and Democrats. I hope that the Senate can move along quickly. We will be willing to give them a kick if they don't do that.  I don't have any other speakers requesting time, and I yield back my time.  