Speaker, I have to believe that we all support ensuring that Medicare beneficiaries are getting the very best deal possible on their prescription drugs and that they want that, that they have access to drugs that their doctors believe will work best for them, and that they will continue to get their prescriptions filled at their local pharmacist. And in many rural communities, and in urban ones too in Michigan and across the country, the local pharmacist, in fact, is on the front line of health care. H.R. 4 doesn't get us there.  As many have mentioned and will mention today, the CBO estimates that having the government negotiate drug prices would, in fact, have a negligible effect on prescription drug prices. The current program which relies on the experience and expertise of the private sector drug plans and on strong market-based initiatives, incentives, is producing significant savings today for our seniors.  Here's a real example: one of my staffers reported that her mom signed up for a Medicare prescription drug plan. It took a bit of doing to sort through the many options available, but she is very glad that she did. She was paying before $106 for her Glucovance diabetes prescription. Now she is paying $5. She was paying $202 for Actos, another diabetes medication that she needs. She is now paying $30. And she was paying almost $29 for Coumadin. Now she is paying $5.  While failing to produce savings like these, many are concerned that H.R. 4, as currently written, would undermine access to medically necessary drugs for persons with HIV/AIDS, serious mental illnesses, ALS, epilepsy and other diseases and conditions. And let me quote from a letter I received this morning from the President of the Michigan Brain Injury Association: ``Let me exhort you to take the time to have adequate committee deliberations on H.R. 4 prior to its passage on behalf of our constituents and all persons with disabilities. Significant modifications are necessary to protect patients' access to prescription drugs as currently provided under Medicare part D.''  Needless to say, we have not had a minute of committee negotiations since we were sworn in.  Finally, while the current program includes requirements that beneficiaries have ready access to prescriptions through their local pharmacies, real concerns have been raised that H.R. 4 could seriously undermine that local access. That is why we need to vote for the motion to recommit which addresses those concerns.  Mr. Speaker, the bottom line is this: we do, everyone here does, want folks with Medicare to get all of the prescription drugs at the very best price. And I believe that consumer choice and the private sector competition can better drive lower cost and more availability than forcing the government to negotiate prices which may, indeed, lead to the withdrawal of drugs from the program alltogether.  As Secretary Leavitt wrote earlier this week: ``There is a proper role for government in setting standards and monitoring those who provide the benefit. But government should not be in the business of setting drug prices or controlling access to drugs.''  