 Madam Speaker, I am one of those Members of Congress who actually reads and signs all of his legislative mail from their district. I can remember not too long ago there was a write-in campaign to every congressional office complaining about a bill that Congressman Snell had introduced that was going to tax the Internet, every single piece of transaction that one might have on the Internet. Of course, as we know as we look at this board, and I have served in this Congress, I like to say not long enough, but I have never served with a Congressman Snell in the 21 years that Mr. Smith and I have served here together.  I went through it to find out when did Congressman Snell serve? There must have been a Congressman Snell. Well, there was. He served in the 64th Congress. Now, that was a long, long time ago, and I daresay it was before the Internet. It was before Al Gore invented the Internet, and it was before the Senate and the House discovered it as well.  But can you imagine taxing every different thing that one might do on the Internet?  I look at our own household here and back in Michigan. Often we come home, my wife and I, the first thing we do is we get on the Internet. We check what our daughters might be saying at college. Two nights ago I was doing some Internet surfing, and I got IMs from my daughter, probably about 20, 25. It was a wonderful experience that she and I had communicating. But can you imagine if there was a tax on every single IM message that came back and forth?  A lot of us do our banking on the Internet, check our different accounts. Can you imagine every single time you are going to get a tax on the Internet? For me, I am a sports nut, my Wolverines. I was at MGoBlue last night a couple of different times. When is the Michigan-Michigan State game going to be on this weekend? Can you imagine if you got taxed every time? I wanted to check if Michael Hart was going to play this Saturday. I checked a bunch of different Web sites. Can youimagine if you got a tax every single time? That's just nuts.  Thank goodness we are extending the current moratorium that otherwise expires this week. Now, I am one that wanted to make it a permanent extension. I join with Mr. Goodlatte and Mr. Smith and others as a cosponsor of legislation so that we don't have to do this every single year. We passed in the House a couple of weeks ago a bill that was unanimous, in fact, as I recall, that extended it for 4 years.  The Senate finally did something right; they actually extended it beyond 4 years. We are going to see an extension for 7 years. Even though it's not permanent, 7 years is better than nothing, and that's what we are doing today.  But as I think about all the different uses that we use on the Internet today, to think that we would tax every e-mail, every search of the Web, all those different things. As the former chairman of the Telecommunications Subcommittee, I know that this will stifle the growth of the Internet in a major, major way.  I would ask all of my colleagues, Republican and Democrat, to support this extension. Let's get it to the President. I am sure that he will sign it, hopefully, before the week is out, so that we can no longer have the audacity to think that a Congressman Snell will come back and, in fact, perhaps introduce a piece of legislation that will, in fact, tax every Internet transaction. It would be disastrous.  