Speaker, this is a tough vote for some of us here this afternoon. For me, I support greater spending, spending for alternative fuel, so that we can lessen our dependence on foreign oil. For me I am appalled at the ineptness and bungling of the Interior Department's troubled program to collect royalties on oil and gas and public lands in both the Clinton and Bush administrations. It needs to be investigated, and it needs to be remedied.  But other items in this legislation, specifically the repeal of section 199, which will likely drive more refinery production elsewhere overseas, and thus more jobs, is not right.  When Joe Barton was chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, he was rightly proud of the process. It was open and, indeed, bipartisan. Lots of debate, Democrats and Republicans, and lots of amendments were accepted, Democrats and Republicans, and the proof was in the pudding. We passed a bipartisan bill, energy bill, which included the vote of Mr. Dingell, the chairman today of the Energy and Commerce Committee.  Nobody saw this bill until late last week. No hearings, no markup in subcommittee or full committee, no amendments on the House floor allowed. We know this bill is going to pass, but listening to the debate, I know it could have been a much better bill and one that could have been called bipartisan, and it would pass by a much larger margin than it will this afternoon.  Maybe the margin of the vote could have helped us with the Senate to actually get the bill to the President's desk for his signature, rather than a veto. I urge my Republican colleagues to vote ``no'' so that we can truly pass a bill that will do something for our constituents in our country.  Mr. Speaker, this is a tough vote for some of us.  For me, I support greater funding of alternative fuels so we can lessen our dependence on foreign oil.  For me, I'm appalled by the ineptness and bungling of the Interior Department's troubled program to collect royalties on oil and gas on public lands in both the Clinton and Bush Administrations and it needs to be investigated and remedied.  But other items in this legislation--specifically the repeal of Sec. 199 which will likely drive more refinery production elsewhere, and therefore jobs, is not right.  When Joe Barton was Chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee, he was rightly proud of the process. It was open and indeed bi-partisan. Lots of debate (Democrat and Republican) and amendments accepted (Democrat and Republican).  And the proof was in the pudding--we passed on a bi-partisan vote which included the vote of Mr. Dingell--the new Chair of the Committee on Energy and Commerce.  Nobody saw this bill on the Republican side until Friday of last week, no hearings, no markup in subcommittee or full committee and no amendments on the Floor. This bill will pass, but listening to the debate, I know it could have been a much better bill and one that really could be called bi-partisan and pass by a much greater margin than it will today.  And maybe--the margin of that vote would help us, with the Senate, to actually get the bill to the President's desk for signature rather than a veto.  I urge my Republican colleagues to vote ``no'' so we can truly pass a bill that will do something for our constituents.  