Speaker, Mr. Waxman lamented on the floor a few minutes ago than this was the best that we could do. I am sorry that I don't agree with that.  By the year 2030, our energy needs are going to grow by more than 50 percent, and none of us, none of us here, none of us in the country are happy with the energy prices or our reliance on foreign oil, and all of us realize that we have to do a lot more. Just because this is the last day or two of the session, to bring up a bill to just say that we tackled the energy issue, I don't think is good enough.  This process was pretty much closed. There were few amendments that were allowed in the process. We had no conference. I can remember serving on the 2005 energy bill conference with Mr. Dingell and Mr. Barton, my chairman then, and together we collectively passed bipartisan legislation that we were indeed proud of. But this legislation is not as good as we can do. It is not comprehensive. It doesn't deal with coal, which provides nearly 50 percent of this Nation's energy. It doesn't deal with nuclear power, which today provides 20 percent of our Nation's needs. We know that we are going to need to build probably about another two dozen nuclear facilities by the year 2030 to maintain 20 percent. It does nothing on nuclear.  RPS, the renewable portfolio standard, I think many of us can support that. Maybe not the amendment that passed here in the House that the Senate rejected, but there is room for a compromise here. We can do things on wind and solar. We didn't even have the opportunity on this floor or in committee to really come up with a respectable RPS amendment. Coal-to-liquid, there is a bipartisan bill out there that is led by Mr. Boucher and Mr. Shimkus, I am a cosponsor, that deals with carbon sequestration. Again, it is not part of this bill.  Mileage standards. No, it is not a perfect provision. We can all support increasing mileage standards. But, again, we missed the opportunity to work together to get a bill that in fact could move this country forward. Biofuels, we have a biofuel mandate here, but we don't have the technology. How are we going to complete the action on this? How wise is that? Mr. Speaker, this bill is, frankly, incomplete.  Now, I am the new ranking member on the Energy and Air Quality Subcommittee, and I would like to think that in the days ahead, the weeks and months ahead, after this bill in the early new year, that Mr. Boucher, my chairman in my subcommittee, Mr. Dingell, the chairman of the full committee, and Mr. Barton, my great friend and former chairman and now ranking member, can in fact sit down together so that we can work on a comprehensive bill that deals with all of these different issues that we can then bring back on the House floor and bring back a bill that every one of us here can be proud of that will take a giant leap in the right direction, rather than taking a baby step here or there and somehow saying we have passed it, we have got a Band-Aid, it is now done.  Mr. Speaker, we can all do better than this, and I am sorry that this bill is coming to the floor in the shape that it is in.  