Speaker, I yield myself 6 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, time moves on, but before some of us begin pretending that we are legislating on a blank slate when it comes to 9/11, I am going to take this moment in my time to remind everyone of the good work that was indeed accomplished over the last 2 years. In fact, we are also standing on the shoulders of giants who, in the face of the tragic events of 9/11, actually took action to make this Nation a safer place.  Congress's first responders were both Republicans and Democrats, and some of them were here just last session writing laws to protect America. America's firefighters, police officers, ambulance crews, the ones who received $1 billion, ``B'' as in big, to help save American lives surely haven't forgotten about Congress's efforts, and neither should we.  The issue of our Nation's own security is too important to play politics with. And while some on the other side perhaps would prefer to give the impression that Congress has done little, nothing could be further from the truth.  I am proud of what was accomplished and what we can do more. Indeed, we succeeded in enacting within the Energy and Commerce Committee's jurisdiction a number of provisions improving public safety communications. For example, the digital television provisions of the Deficit Reduction Act cleared 24 megahertz of spectrum in every market in the Nation exclusively for use by its first responders.  The interoperable communications provisions provided in the Deficit Reduction Act did not merely authorize funding but made $1 billion in direct spending available for equipment to enable first responders to more effectively communicate with each other in times of disaster.  The Call Home Act accelerated to September 30 of this year the deadline for distribution of that $1 billion for interoperable communications.  The Warning, Alert and Response Network, WARN Act, created a framework through which wireless communication providers can transmit emergency alerts to the public on a national, regional or local basis and required that the Federal Communications Commission adopt technical standards for that alert system.  The national alert provisions of the Deficit Reduction Act made $156 million in direct spending available for use with the national alert system created under the WARN Act.  The E911 provisions of the Deficit Reduction Act made another $43 million in direct spending available to implement the Enhance 911 Act of 2004, which provides grants to upgrade existing 911 systems for advanced capabilities.  The Department of Homeland Security appropriations legislation created an Office of Emergency Communications within the Energy and Commerce Committee's oversight. That office is directed to develop a national emergency communication plan and to report on the communications capabilities and needs of emergency response providers and relevant government officials.  These are all critical items that we have already enacted into law over the last 2 years, better preparing our Nation to respond to natural or manmade disasters.  From my own leadership spot as chairman of the Telecommunications and Internet Subcommittee, I seized on one particular recommendation offered by the 9/11 Commission. I wanted to help our first responders, and I am proud of the work that we did on a very strong bipartisan basis. First of all, we provided a slice of the spectrum for the first responders, 24 megahertz, and we saw that with Katrina as well, that our first responders in New York couldn't get the signal to evacuate the building. We saw that our folks helping folks in Katrina couldn't communicate betweenthe Coast Guard helicopter and the sheriff boat down below. That is going to change because we are going to give some of the responders some of that spectrum.  Second, we know that the cost for this equipment is enormously high. We provided $1 billion in the Upton amendment, which I helped shepherd through our committee and through the conference, to provide the means for our first responders so that they could purchase the equipment. It was done. The President signed it into law.  As much as we would like to say that this could be effective today, January 8, 2007, we cannot do that. First of all, we have to get the spectrum. That means we have to retrieve it from those that are using it, in this case, the broadcasters. They have to make the transition from analog to digital. A lot of them have done that, but it is more than $1 million often for some of these stations. We also have to think about the consumers, the millions of Americans who do not have a digital TV set. They can't receive the signal unless they have got that converter box. They aren't made yet. We have a transition for that to happen.  At the end of the day, we set a date, a hard date, when that all would happen, February of 2009. There were many that took us on that didn't want a hard date. They wanted to extend forever and a day, perhaps. In fact, there were amendments offered to delay the date even further. I would like to say that, at least on our side of the aisle, we opposed every one of those amendments to extend the deadline, and thank goodness we were successful because that date is now set. We had to work and negotiate with the Senate, with ourselves, but it is now set. It is a good thing.  We have an unmistakable record of results. Let us work together and build on them.  Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield 2 minutes to my colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee, the honorable gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus), a very valuable member of our subcommittee as we helped shepherd this legislation.  (