I know she has been practicing for days, as many of us have.  But I too rise in strong support of this bill, H.R. 970, the Dextromethorphan Distribution Act, I am going to call it DXM, of 2007, legislation that I introduced with my friend and colleague Mr. Rick Larsen of Washington. He has been absolutely a champion as we have worked this issue on both sides of the aisle to restrict the distribution of this product to entities registered with the FDA.  I want to thank the House leadership for scheduling this bill; I want to thank my friend and chairman, Mr. Dingell of our committee, as well as Mr. Barton, the ranking member, as well as the chairman and ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee for allowing this bill in fact to come to the floor, not only in this session but in the last session of Congress as well. When we did pass it on the House floor, I think it was actually one of the last bills that was passed in the 109th Congress in the House, but the Senate failed us at the end. We are hoping that by passing it at this point the Senate, in fact, will move together.  I also want to thank my staff, particularly Jane Williams, who has sat in countless meetings as we have worked and finessed this legislation, not only the industry folks here, but obviously with House and Senate leaders on both sides of the Capitol.  This drug normally is a safe and effective nonnarcotic cough suppressant that is used in many over-the-counter cough and cold medicines. While medicines containing DXM are used safely and effectively by millions of Americans every year, taken in extremely large quantities this drug produces a high that can cause brain damage, seizure, and obviously death.  Studies have shown that teenagers are obtaining unfinished DXM on the Internet to get high by consuminglarge amounts or mixing it with alcohol. And already there have been too many deaths linked to the abuse of pure DXM. According to the DEA, abuse among adolescents is increasing. Abuse of DXM has been found in several forms, but has been increasingly found in an encapsulated powder form which is now being sold over the Internet. Currently, there are no restrictions, none, on the restriction of raw bulk dextromethorphan, and this bill would help to ensure that DXM is used only for legitimate purposes and stays out of the hands of drug dealers and adolescents. FDA would have the authority to seize bulk dextromethorphan if found in the possession of anyone not authorized to have it, and those measures would cut off the supply chain of unfinished DXM to those purchasing it on the Internet to get high or to sell it as a street drug.  This bill has been endorsed by the American Pharmacists Association, the Consumer Healthcare Products Association, the Food Marketing Institute, the National Association of Chain Drug Stores and Partnership for a Drug-Free America.  As the parent of two teenagers, I am certainly alarmed by the number of teens who are abusing cough syrup and pure DXM to get a high. They are under the false impression that getting high off this drug is harmless because it is an ingredient in cough syrup. Nothing can be further from the truth. Our kids are playing a game of Russian roulette every time they get high off this drug, and sooner or later someone will die, as they have already. Enough is enough.  This commonsense bipartisan piece of legislation will certainly put an end to the bulk sale of DXM on the Internet and will keep our kids safe from the dangers of this type of drug abuse. I hope that all of our colleagues can support this even on a voice vote, and I hope and pray that the Senate will take action as soon as they can so that we can get this bill to the President's desk where I expect him to sign it.  