President, I am going to have, later on--I was hopingwe would be able to do this today--a couple of amendments that I can't imagine will be any problem on the floor. But it has been a problem that has been with us for a long period of time, and we are in a position to do something about it.  Due to a couple of Supreme Court cases, ICE cannot detain convicted criminal aliens awaiting deportation beyond 6 months. So what they have to do is--they have no choice--they have to put them back into the community, and they are back where they can continue to commit the same crimes that they committed before.  In 2013, over 36,000 criminal immigrants with over 88,000 convictions were released back into our communities, including convictions of over 100 commercialized sexual offences, over 700 sexual offences, and many others. But that is 36,000, all in 1 year. Now, since that time, 176,000 of nondetained convicted criminals have gone back into our society. This is something I can't imagine anyone would want to continue.  My amendment would allow for the government to renew detention of these criminal aliens every 6 months to determine, should they be returned to society, what the risk is. Then we can let justice take place. But it does away with that prohibition of anything over 6 months. So we have people out there right now--167,000 alien criminals--who very likely could repeat their crimes. That is my amendment No. 275.  Amendment No. 276. Last summer, we saw tens of thousands of kids come across our southern border. Some were housed in my State of Oklahoma at Fort Sill. This summer, experts are predicting another wave of children from Central America. This is the problem. If these were kids who came over from either Canada or Mexico, we could do something about it. We could actually send them back and have some authority.  But as it is right now, if one of them comes from Central America, even though they come through Mexico, they are citizens of a Central American country, and so we cannot do that.  I have an amendment that would--well, in fact, our situation in Oklahoma is that we had several hundred who were just put there, and what do you do with a bunch of kids? So they put them in Fort Sill, and they had a place where they could temporarily put them down. Then they kind of disappeared.  I had occasion to go into Los Fresnos in southern Texas. That is one of the largest centers where they will put these kids.  I went in there. They didn't really want me to go in there, take pictures, and see what was going on. But in that particular center--I am going from memory now. I think they had a total of 80 beds--only 80 kids at the time.  I asked the question: How many kids have come through here in the last 6 months?  And they said: Over thousands and thousands.  I said: Wait a minute. If you had thousands, where are they now?  They couldn't answer that.  So what happens is the kids come in, they temporarily identify them, and then they disappear into society.  Now, with this change, all we are doing is treating these kids who would be coming into this country by giving our enforcement officers the latitude and the opportunity to send them back or to let them go back voluntarily. Right now, they can't even go back voluntarily once they cross the line coming into this country.  That is amendment No. 276. It is one that we will be considering and hopefully getting a vote on when we return early next week.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  