I chair the Committee on Environment and Public Works. We have jurisdiction over the EPA, yet they do not want to even come in and testify when requested, and that is something I don't think has ever happened before.  This rule we are talking about now is illegal. It is not supported by the science, it is not supported by the technical experience of the Corps of Engineers, and it is a political power grab. Thirty-one States--here is the chart--filed lawsuits against the WOTUS rule. If we don't act to send this rule back, States, local governments, farmers, and landowners could face years of abuse by the EPA until the courts inevitably strike the rule down.  Believe me, it is inevitable that the rule will be overturned. I think we know that. That is not just my opinion. This is the conclusion of the two courts that have looked at this rule so far.  On August 27, Judge Erickson of the District of North Dakota issued an injunction that prevented the WOTUS rule from going into effect in 13 States. Oklahoma, my State, was not one of the 13 States. According to Judge Erickson--and this is her court--``the rule allows EPA regulation of waters that do not bear any effect on the `chemical, physical and biological integrity of any navigable-in-fact water.'''  As a result, Judge Erickson concluded this rule is ``likely arbitrary and capricious.'' That means it violates the law. That is what the judge said.  Now, on October 9, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals reached the same conclusion and issued a nationwide stay on the WOTUS rule.  My committee has conducted a lot of oversight. I believe we have had six hearings so far. We have memoranda from the Army Corps of Engineers that document the fact that EPA is claiming the authority to assert Federal control wherever they want no matter what the science says or what the technical or legal experts of the Corps say. So what we have is a rule that is not developed based on science or technical expertise. Instead, it is based on a political goal to call everything a water of the United States.  If we look at the chart that is set up right now, it is imperative we have to act right away. This is what we have right now around the country.  Let me make this comment. I am very much concerned about this. 