Of course, right now everyone has been in the middle of the Pope's visit and other things and what is happening with the Iran bill and the votes we have. I wish to mention there is something else very significant going on right now, that we are in the middle of, and that is the Pilot's Bill of Rights 2.  To put it into perspective, 3 years ago last month we had the Pilot's Bill of Rights 1, and it was one people were not aware of. There are only 617,000 pilots in America, so it is not one of these issues that gets an awful lot of attention. But the mere fact that those 617,000 people--many of them are single-issue people. A lot of people are not aware that prior to the passage of the Pilot's Bill of Rights 3 years ago, there was just one area left within our system whereupon you are guilty until proven innocent.  That is exactly what we corrected with that bill, just to refresh the memory of my colleagues. It gave the pilots who were accused of something the evidence that was used against them. I had a personal experience with it. It actually happened to me. I was never sensitive to that until such time as I experienced it myself.  What we have right now is we are up to 64 cosponsors of the Pilot's Bill of Rights 2. The major part of this bill is something that is out there that doesn't resolve anything. Ten years ago, as kind of an experiment, we put in a sport pilot-eligible exemption so that the pilots of small aircraft would not have to have what they call a third-class medical. The result of this was that after a 10-year period, the medical safety experience of these pilots has been identical to those with medical certificates. A joint study was made following that by the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association and by the EAA, the Experimental Aircraft Association, of the 46,976 accidents over a 6-year period. Of those, only 99 had a medical cause as a factor. That is less than one-quarter of 1 percent. Of those 99, none would have been prevented by the current third-class medical. That shows that experiment worked and there is no reason to have a third-class medical.  So people are aware that some changes have been made, I want to briefly outline the modifications that have been made. The modifications require three things for pilots to qualify for an exemption. The exemption we are talking about is the exemption from having to take a third-class medical exemption process every 2 years--sometimes more extensive than that.  First, pilots will have to complete an online medical education course. Secondly, pilots have to maintain verification that they have been to a doctor at least once every 4 years and certify that they are receiving the care they need by a physician to treat any medical condition that warrants it. Third, a pilot would have to complete a comprehensive medical review by the FAA. That would be applied to a new pilot, so they establish a benchmark as to what a pilot's physical condition is.  The pilot would be required to take an online medical course every 2 years. This gives the pilot access to information on medical issues that may not be covered by a doctor in a medical examination but that would have an impact on their physical condition to fly. For example, this course would make sure pilots are aware of impacts on interactions of over-the-counter and prescription medications and how these interactions could impact their flying capabilities. Requiring pilots to take this course boosts aviation safety for the aviation community.  Secondly, pilots would need to complete an exam by their personal physician at least once every 4 years and include a proof of their doctor's visit in their logbooks. This resolves the problem most people are concerned about; that they would have to at least see a physician and be assured that they didn't have some condition they didn't have prior to that. Furthermore, the pilots would be required to certify that they are under the care and treatment of a doctor for any medical condition that would warrant treatment. Pilots would do this instead of visiting an aviation medical examiner every 2 years and sometimes even more frequently than that. With this modification, we are actually encouraging pilots to be honest about their health and seek treatment for it.  Right now pilots are incentivized to hide any medical condition from the FAA, including by not seeking treatment for it, out of the fear that the pilot might lose his wings. We don't want that to happen. People who are not pilots do not realize how significant it is that you don't want to be taken out of the air, particularly for some reason that is not justified. Pilots, like any individual, maintain stronger relationships with their personal physician, and this is a good thing that fosters an honest dialogue between pilots and doctors, which is something we should all want and something that is not there today.  We want pilots to get the treatment they need. Any medically treated pilot is safer than one who is not being treated. So for many pilots the most burdensome aspects of the FAA controversy is simply the constant churn of submitting paperwork over and over, every 2 years or less, even when there has been no change in their medical status. This bill, as modified, gives pilots a break from the bureaucracy.  The third requirement for pilots to receive the third-class medical exemption is to complete one FAA medical review. So if a new pilot comes in, we need a benchmark--where is that pilot, what is his physical condition today--so as time goes by we can see how he might be changing. If someone does not have an existing medical certificate, such as new pilots who have never gone through an exam, they would have to do it before they fall into qualifying for the exemption. By the way, of the 617,000 pilots in America today, this is the one thing that concerns me more than anything else, which is to have to go back and go through the type of examination they are required to, now that we know the 10-year experiment of being exempt has worked.  There is one caveat. If a pilot flying under the third-class medical exemption is diagnosed with a severe condition--let's talk about maybe a heart attack--then they need to go through the FAA special issuance process to receive medical clearance to fly again. Again, this would only be needed to be done one time.  The ability of the FAA to maintain a stranglehold on pilots will be gone. I am confident the changes will result in a safer flying environment. I want to reiterate that the Pilot's Bill of Rights does not change the certification standard to obtain a pilot's certificate. All pilots still have to possess the pilot's certificate, pass the required practical tests and necessary check rides todemonstrate that they have the knowledge, skills, and ability to safely operate their plane.  Further, this bill does not change the fundamental responsibility of every pilot to self-certify their ability to fly each time they get into the cockpit of a plane. I am a pilot, and every time I get in a plane I make a conscious decision that I am fit to fly. Everyone I know who is a pilot does the same thing.  Again, all of this is not necessary. When you go back and realize that over the 10 years of the experiment with a limited number of pilots there were no changes. There is no difference between those who have or have not had the pilot exams. With these changes, the third-class medical exemption and the Pilot's Bill of Rights is enjoying a greater level of support from Members of the Senate. Support from general aviation is strongly bipartisan. Sixty-four of my colleagues are cosponsors of this legislation. Half of those are Democrats and half are Republicans. Groups representing general aviation in the community and in the pilot unions have declared their support for the bill. General aviation organizations, such as the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, the Experimental Pilots Association, and the General Aviation Manufacturers Association, support the bill. The National Association of State Aviation Officials support the bill, the Allied Pilots Association and the Southwest Pilots Association, both unions which represent 23,000 pilots who fly for American Airlines, U.S. Airways, and Southwest Airlines, support the bill. Pilots for NetJets support the bill.  The bill has strong bipartisan support. I urge all the Members who support general aviation and all the economic activity of general aviation to be a part of this bill.  One of the reasons I am doing this today is one of the two organizations--and I am not sure which one it is, it is either the AOPA or the AA--is doing a major effort right now to encourage the pilot population out there to encourage their Members of the Senate to cosponsor this bill. Again, we currently have 64 sponsors of the bill. I can't think of any reason we can't get everyone else. The same individuals who supported it 3 years ago should be there to support it. So I encourage those few Members of the Senate who are not sponsors to look at it very carefully.  It may be 617,000 people are not a lot of people, but of the 617,000 people, most of them are single-issue people. So it would be very good to join in on this. This is something we now have demonstrated clearly is not going to incur any safety hazards and it is going to be a real godsend for pilots who don't want to go through this bureaucracy every 2 years or more frequently in some cases. The bill is out there, and it is one I feel very strongly that we ought to be able to work into our floor use probably in the next very short period of time.  With that, I do yield the floor because my very good friend from Delaware is here to say something profound.  