We are waiting around for a vote to take place at 10 or 10:30 tonight, I think it is, and I thought I would share.  There are still some uncertainties on the bill, the Transportation reauthorization bill. It is one I am very proud to be the author of. In fact, I was privileged to be the author the last long-term reauthorization in 2005. At that time, I was working very closely with someone, with a fellow Member who is the least likely to be working with me on anything. By her own admission, Senator Boxer is a very proud liberal and I am a very proud conservative, but we do agree there is that old, worn-out document that nobody reads anymore called the Constitution, and it tells us what we are supposed to be doing here. It says, defend America and build our roads and bridges. That is what we are doing. That is what this is all about.  We received a disturbing message from the House about an hour ago saying they would not take up our bill. We are going to pass this bill, but they say they are not going to take it up. That means there is a dilemma because at the end of this month, there is no longer any money in the highway trust fund, and things will stop.  I don't know whether their intention is to give a short-term extension and go home or--of course, I am still thinking brighter minds will prevail and they will realize we have a long-term, 6-year highway authorization bill because the things you can't do in thiscountry, you can't do with the short-term extensions.  Yesterday, I listed many of the bridges that were in terrible shape and the fact that we could not address those problems unless we pass a long-term highway reauthorization bill. I mentioned also that someone I knew--it was right around the 2005 bill--a mother and three children were driving under a bridge in Oklahoma City. It was far out of its extended life, its warranty period, if you will, and a chunk of concrete fell off and killed her. This is happening all over America. We saw what happened in Minnesota when that disaster occurred, all the pictures of the people who died and were injured.  We are going to be looking at a lot of amendments. I heard there is one amendment that Senator Manchin along with Senator Boozman are putting together to adopt the Pilot's Bill of Rights 2, which is appropriate. It may not be as germane as we would like it to be, but it is still transportation.  The Pilot's Bill of Rights 1 was passed 2 years ago. In fact, they would not even take it up in committee, but I had 67 cosponsors to the bill. I was very thankful at that time. Of course, the Democrats were in the majority. I went to Harry Reid's office and said: It doesn't seem fair to me that we have 67 cosponsors, and they will not even take it up in the committee.  He said: Well, that isn't right.  We came down to the floor, we rule XIV'd it, and passed it. It does show that sometimes when things get really outrageous, people tend to work together. That was on an issue that just a handful of people are aware of, but anyone who is a licensed pilot knows, in their minds, that was the most significant thing that was going on.  I have been flying for a lot more years than most people in this Chamber have been alive. Because I have been an active pilot--I have been in aviation for many years--the people who have problems with the FAA would come to me to help them with their problems. I found this to be true back when I was mayor of Tulsa. We had a police force, a very good police force. There are a few bad guys who get in there. The same thing is true with the FAA. You have a few people who take advantage of the power they have and take licenses away from people.  I remember 10 years ago, Bob Hoover--I bet none of you ever heard of Bob Hoover. Bob Hoover was arguably the best pilot in the history of aviation. He had a Shrike. A Shrike is a twin-engine Aero Commander. He would put a glass of water on the dash, and he would start doing barrel rolls and would not spill his glass of water. I would do barrel rolls, but I would spill my glass of water. This guy was really good.  There was an inspection in the field, and Bob Hoover lost his pilot's license. There was no reason for it. In order to get it back, I actually had to go to the floor, and it took a year to pass legislation that would stop that abuse from going on. That has continued. I have always helped people until it happened to me, and then that had a whole new feeling because people who are involved in aviation--the one thing they don't want to lose is their pilot's license.  For many years, I was a builder and developer in South Padre Island, TX. We are on the east coast now. Nobody knows where Texas is here. They think there is no such thing as a nice coast with beaches and all of that unless it is on the east coast, but there is the Padre Island area of Texas. It has beautiful beaches.  I was in the building business. We built condos and townhouses, and I always enjoyed that. Keep in mind this is the southern tip of Texas. It is just as far south as Key West, FL, is, but it is in the middle of the country. We would go down there. I would fly my plane probably once a week for quite a number of years. I went down, and I was making a normal landing. It is not a controlled field. You have your approach controls that control it. The approach control from valley approach--I am getting a little technical here, but I have a reason for telling this story.  He said: All right, you are clear to land on runway 1-3 in Cameron County. I went up to land. Just before I touched down, with six passengers--so it was too late for a go-around--I saw that there were a bunch of people working on the runway. There wasn't a big X on the runway, which is required. They claimed there was. They quickly painted one on right after that.  Everyone started criticizing me. I remember there was a front-page cartoon in the New York Times. Everyone was having a good time with that. The bottom line is, I didn't do anything. They claimed there was a NOTAM. That is short for Notice to Airmen. The Notice to Airmen says that if you check your notice before you land on the field, you will find out if there is construction on the runway, if lights are out or something else. Of course, we did that. There was no NOTAM. They claimed there was a NOTAM--the FAA did. They never could find it.  Anyway, to bring us up-to-date, I introduced and we passed the Pilot's Bill of Rights. In our system, our legal holdout was where you are guilty until you are proven innocent if you are a pilot. That is the last--because one man's accusation can turn into the revocation of a license, so we introduced the Pilot's Bill of Rights. We gave an opportunity, if they disagree with the FAA, if an accusation is made--or the NTSB--they can go to the Federal district court. That seemed to work out.  The bill forced the FAA to put NOTAMs in one secure place where everybody would have access to it, and all of these complaints that were made were dealt with, but a lot of the things we wanted to happen wouldn't happen.  In case you are wondering--I will take it off now since there is no reason to keep it on. Do you know what that is? That is the pass to get into Oshkosh. The Chair knows this because the Chair's husband has an FBO operation in Western Iowa. Anyway, I have gone to the largest aviation event worldwide in Oshkosh. It is the last weekend of July of every year. I have been to every one of those, along with my sons, for 36 years. I never missed one. I didn't miss one last week either. Some things are really important.  I went there with the idea that we have the Pilot's Bill of Rights 2 in order to correct the areas where the FAA is either not complying with the intent of the law or even the Federal district courts are not accepting cases. We are going to correct that.  First of all, if it happens that Senator Manchin and Senator Boozman offer their amendments, then I will be supporting their amendments. I am going to go over why it is important, but if as a result of the announcement that was made by the House of Representatives 2 hours ago we are not going to be having amendments, it is still introduced as a freestanding bill. I have 56 cosponsors. That is a lot of cosponsors. If that happens, I want to mention a couple of things that are on here.  There is a problem with the third-class medical. So 10 years ago, a decision was made, and it was a good decision. They took the light aircraft, and they said if you can drive a car, you can fly an airplane. They went ahead, and we have had 10 years' experience now without a third-class medical certificate. There has not been one accident in 10 years where it was due to the fact that they didn't have any third-class medical certificates.  In this bill, we are taking that up to include a larger number of pilots, and to include airplanes as heavy as 6,000 pounds, carrying six passengers, not exceeding 250 knots, and several requirements like that in giving them the same opportunities the pilots of the light aircraft have. That is a part of this bill. I know there are a lot of people in this Chamber because I have talked with them, not a whole lot because we have 56 cosponsors, but there are a lot of them who really believe that would somehow be dangerous. For that purpose, we have made several exceptions to it. I will outline these because I know there are some Members of this body that if this comes up as an amendment, they need to know this.  First of all, on a third-class medical, we have the requirement for an online medical education course every 2 years. This will make sure the pilots coming up for renewal of their certificate are up-to-date on all of the new things that have transpired since the last time in the new medical requirements.  The second thing it does is anyone who is a new pilot just coming on, he has to have a thorough examination that now you have to have every couple of years. That hasn't changed.  And then the third would be the self-certification that takes place every 5years, which could actually be done with your own doctor. Those are some of the changes that have been made to make it a little bit easier for some Senators who will be voting on this legislation.  The second area where the Pilot's Bill of Rights did not--they addressed it, but there are two Federal judges. You are supposed to be able to go from the FAA to the NTSB, the National Transportation Safety Board, and then to the Federal District Court. What has happened in the past is that the NTSB has rubberstamped anything the FAA does, so really the FAA is making those decisions without proper due course which other people are entitled to.  What we have done with this is--there are a couple of Federal judges who said they are not going to take a case on a pilot until they have exhausted all of the administrative remedies that come from the FAA and the NTSB. We have a solution to that in this bill so this actually explicitly states the pilots will have an option to appeal the FAA enforcement action directly to the Federal courts for a guaranteed de novo trial. De novo means, instead of taking the conclusions of the investigation from the FAA and risking rubber stamping it, they have to have a trial from the beginning. That is a very significant change we are making.  The other thing we neglected to do is include certificate holders other than pilots. You could be a mechanic, a flight attendant, or any number of things, and not be included in these legal opportunities, so the Pilot's Bill of Rights 2 allows all certificate holders to have this.  The third area is the access to the flight records. In my case, I could not get access as to what the FAA was accusing me of. We thought we had this corrected in the Pilot's Bill of Rights, but it still needs to be strengthened, so we have a section in the Pilot's Bill of Rights 2 that requires the FAA to notify a certificate holder that he is being investigated and clarify the incident being used to begin enforcement proceedings so that person will know what he has been accused of and can address it.  The fourth area has to do with document requests. The FAA has retaliated against pilots because the Pilot's Bill of Rights 1 requested broad documents from them, which can be very time consuming and very costly, and it is not necessary at all. The solution to that is that we explicitly rein in the ability of the FAA to initiate the expansive document request and limit them to the pertinent issues being investigated by the FAA. That should correct that.  We have several other items too. If somebody has a minor infraction in a car, then after 90 days, or so many days, it would be taken from their record. That is the way it used to be prior to 1996 when they had the Pilot Records Improvement Act of 1996, and now we will go back to where we were before that.  Many of these issues that were problems before and weren't corrected with the Pilot Bill of Rights are corrected, and I feel very comfortable with it.  The reason I have all of this in my mind now is that I just came back from Oshkosh. Although I was there only 2 days, I was able to give 10 presentations, and there were a little less than a half-million pilots there at the time, so I am sure I got to all half-million of those pilots collectively with all of those events that we had.  It is kind of interesting because for someone who is a pilot, that is the most important thing. We are not talking about Democrats, Republicans, or things that are controversial. It is just that when you go to Oshkosh and you see what people have accomplished through experimentation and the technology that has developed--it used to be that all planes had to be made out of aluminum, and this all changed with new types of things that were discovered at Oshkosh. People are building planes behind their garages.  Well, anyway, so much for that. We have a good solution for all of these problems, and I will say to the 56 members that they are certainly very popular among the pilots and the group I spent the last 2 days with.  I mentioned that only because in the event that they change the rules around here, and we are allowed to have amendments that are not germane, that would be one of the amendments that I would offer, and I want to be sure that we are at least getting things into the Record so people are aware of it. While there are no Members here right now, the staff is monitoring everything that is going on, so I want to make sure people know that is an issue we may or may not be dealing with.  It would be a surprise to me if the House of Representatives said: Well, we are just going to go home, and we are not going to pass this bill after we go through all of the trouble of passing it. I think there are ample votes to pass this legislation. Long-term reauthorization is a very important thing back in the States.  The coalitions which are coming together on this legislation include the Department of Transportation for every State, along with the labor unions. They are supporting this legislation because it will provide a lot of jobs. The Chambers of Commerce are all involved; the farmers are all involved. This has the most popular support of anything that we will deal with all year long, so we really need to have this bill. I am having a hard time believing that if we go through the trouble of having a reauthorization bill, the House is not going to take it up, but that statement was made 2 hours ago, and that may be the situation.  I can remember in the earlier days when the highway trust fund had one big problem: They always had a surplus. They had too much money, but that has changed with the increased efficiency of cars. Electric vehicles are using highways, but they are not paying the gas tax. Consequently, we have a real problem with funding this legislation.  If we take the total amount of revenues that come from the gas tax, let's say over the next 6 years because this is a 6-year bill, each year falls short by $15 billion. So we are looking at being short $90 billion over a 6-year period.  I can say this because I think I may be ranked as the most conservative Member for a longer period of time than anybody else in the Senate. I can talk about this because this is a conservative position. The conservative position is to have a long-term bill because if we do short-term fixes, it costs--and this is irrefutable and no one disagrees with this--an additional 30 percent off the top if we do short-term extensions, and that is what we have been doing. We have had 33 short-term extensions since the 2005 bill that we passed expired in 2009, and that has used a very large amount of the money that was there to take care of the problems with the roads and the highways.  We do have problems out there, and it is going to take a long-term bill to take care of it. I have a feeling, since the money runs out on the last day of this month, that the House, if they are not going to take up our bill, they may just pass a short-term extension and then go home. That is not the way I think it should be done, we have to get this long-term bill.  This is something that doesn't happen very often, but now and then it does. We went through the same thing with the other big bill, which was the Defense authorization bill over the last 3 or 4 years, and they didn't bring it up as they should have early in the year. I remember 2 years ago we passed our Defense authorization bill in June, and the leadership didn't bring it up until December. If we hadn't brought it up, then the kids who are out there risking their lives would lose their reenlistment bonuses, their hazard pay, and a lot of things would have happened. Just before the end of December, we were able to get it done. It is not the way things are supposed to be done around here. I certainly don't want that done with the highway reauthorization bill, but that is what very likely could happen if the House does what they say they are going to do.  With that, I do want to come back and go over some of the larger problems that cannot be addressed unless we pass a long-term highway reauthorization bill.  I will say this: There is a very fine FBO operation in Western Iowa called Red Oak. It just so happens that my son just left Red Oak on his way back from Oshkosh. It also happens that Red Oak is owned by the husband of a very prominent Senator in this body who happens to be presiding now.  With that, I will come back later, and we will be talking about these things because I understand the next thing we are going to do is a vote at 10 tonight, unless some time is yielded back. I hope they will yield back their time. They are not down here talking, so there is no reason not to yield back time. If time is not yielded back, I will talk about some of the projects that will not be done unless we have a long-term reauthorization bill.  With that, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  