President, last week the Senate voted 97 to 1 to reauthorize the African Growth and Opportunity Act--AGOA--for 10 years. It was first enacted in 2000, so the 10 years were up and we had to get it reinstated. It provides the African countries with duty-free access on most of their exports to the United States.  I have long been a supporter of AGOA. The program has done a lot to improve our trade relationship with the continent of Africa, primarily sub-Saharan Africa. Since 2002, annual trade between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa has increased by almost 50 percent. So it is very successful. It has also been estimated by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce that it has had the effect of increasing 300,000 jobs in sub-Saharan Africa and 100,000 jobs here in the United States.  Trade with Africa is important because many of the world's fastest growing economies are in Africa. According to an analysis that was done for The Economist magazine, six of the world's fastest growing economies were in sub-Saharan Africa in the 10 years it has been in effect.  This is going to continue. I have seen it firsthand. Every time I go to Ethiopia, Rwanda, Tanzania or many of the other countries in Africa, I see more and more cranes going up and bigger and better buildings. It is really a live spot in the world. The infrastructure in places like Rwanda and Tanzania is high quality. People who go to Rwanda come back with memories of something that is a modern city, not a Third World country, as it has been in the past.  So we have really good things going on there, and we need to continue to build on their trade, infrastructure, roads, highways, seaports, railways, and airports to help their economies grow.  For too long sub-Saharan Africa has been ignored as a trading partner by the United States. I have been to Africa probably more than any other Members have. In fact, there was something very critical of me just last weekend in the press--if I can find it here I will state what it was--anyway, they were critical of the attention I have been paying to Africa.  I can remember when the United States had the same problem. We ignored Africa. Back when we were going into Bosnia, I was kind of leading the effort to keep Americans from going into Bosnia. This was during the Clinton administration. The excuse they were using was that we had to get into Bosnia because of ethnic cleansing. I said on the Senate floor, for every person who has been ethnically cleansed in Bosnia, there are 100 in West Africa.  Just last weekend, ``Vice,'' a satirical show on HBO, tried to connect me to a law drafted by the Parliament in Uganda that was antigay. I have always opposed this law and had nothing to do with it. However, there are things that are going on in all these countries that need to be looked into.  My work in Uganda started many years ago to help bring an end to the Lord's Resistance Army. A lot of people are fully aware of the LRA now, but they weren't back then. There was one individual, Joseph Kony, who was going into the various areas of Northern Uganda and was kidnapping the little kids. They called them ``the children's army.'' The young people would be kidnapped out of their village and then be forced to learn to join their little army, to kidnap other people. If they refused, they were forced to go back to their villages and murder their parents. That is the LRA, and we finally are making progress there.  Other countries around the world are not ignoring Africa's potential as we have been. Brazil and China have secured preferential trade agreements with Africa. Every time you see something new and shiny in Africa, it comes from China. Economic Partnership Agreements of the European Union have also been signed. So we are kind of left out. This AGOA has been a worthwhile program.  We need to start looking ahead to the future. Nearly a billion people who live in sub-Saharan Africa and individual countries over the next decade or two will reach the point where they are competing head-to-head with many other countries around the world.  Our thinking about trade with Africa needs to be mature as their economies grow. That is why Senator Coons and I have offered the African Free Trade Initiative Act, amendment No. 1312 to the trade promotion authority act. We are doing it jointly. This amendment requires the President to establish a plan to negotiate and enter into free-trade agreements with our friends in sub-Saharan Africa. African nations want to enter into free-trade agreements with us. When I was in Tanzania earlier this year, I met with Richard Sezibera. Richard Sezibera is the Secretary General of the East African Community, which is made up of Rwanda, Uganda, Burundi, Tanzania, and Kenya. Richard Sezibera told me he wants their Eastern African Community to enter into a free-trade agreement with the United States--just those five countries. This makes sense because FTAs bind business communities together and can pay long-term national security and foreign policy dividends.  While some in our government may not deem sub-Saharan African countries ``ready'' for an FTA with us, our amendment requires the administration to articulate what each country needs to do to get ready. It is not enough for them just to say they are not ready to be associated with us in this type of a treaty. The amendment also requires the administration to determine what kind of resources might be needed to help the countries get ready for an FTA with us. Between the Millenium Challenge Corporation and USAID, we have had a lot of resources going into sub-Saharan African countries to help their economies develop, and many outside aid organizations and other countries do as well. It makes sense to identify which of these resources could be channeled for the purpose of developing a free-trade agreement with us.  We had a great guy. Unfortunately, he is leaving USAID. His name is Raj Shah. He has taken a personal interest in Africa, in developing relations with Africa.  USAID has a large trade focus, but much of its work is geared toward helping small businesses in places like Tanzania grow their exports. Now, this is good. It is a good thing to do, but they should also be working at higher levels to improve the trade activities of these economies as a whole. They can do this by working with our African friends, helping them prepare for a broader trade relationship with the United States, either by helping them identify how they can improve their agriculture safety regulations or general private property rights. To that end, our amendment authorizes USAID to use its appropriations to help implement the strategy that will be developed under this amendment.  The Senate just reauthorized AGOA for another 10 years. In the next 10 years, we should be considering one or more free-trade agreements with our partners in sub-Saharan Africa. Our amendment will help this desire become a reality.  As I said, our government and the media have to get beyond their opposition to Africa, and hopefully we will be able to be doing that before long. If we don't make free-trade agreements with Africa a priority, then I think we will find ourselves here in 10 years and see a much stronger, highly competitive African economy. We will be reauthorizing AGOA again and asking ourselves: Why didn't we push to enact free-trade agreements with these countries? We would rather not find ourselves there. If we don't do it, China will, and we should be the ones writing the rules for trade in Africa, just as we are trying to do in Asia.  So I appreciate the support of Senator Coons and others on this amendment, and hopefully it can be adopted to the free-trade promotion authority bill.  I yield the floor.  