President, we are having a lot of discussion, and people are lined up now talking about this event that is going to take place in the middle of December. It is going to be the 21st COP. It is a meeting that the United Nations puts on every year. It has been on for 21 years now. They are all saying: This is the time. This is what they say every time--for 21 years--that we are going to adopt something in this country.  Prior to now they had been using legislation to reduce the emissions of CO2 and the devastation that will be on our economy. There is nothing different now--except everything. As time has gone by, it has not been their friend. We have the alarmists who really believe that the world is coming to an end because of global warming. Some of them actually believe that. For a lot of them, it is the thing to do. You have Tom Steyer with $75 million trying to resurrect this as an issue. There are some who really do believe it. The problem is, time is not doing them a favor because every time a week or a month goes by, somebody else comes out with some new information.  A recent NASA study that was published in the Journal of Glaciology found that gains in the Antarctic ice sheets are much greater than the estimated losses. This runs counter to the IPCC 2013 report that suggests there was a net loss of ice on the continent.  Let's look for a minute at what the IPCC is. The IPCC is an arm of the United Nations. They have put together these studies of people, and this has been going on now for more than 15 years. The only qualifications you need, I guess, to be one of the scientists is you have to believe in this.  We have testimony from a lot of different members of the scientific community who have said that their position in opposition to the anthropogenic gases causing global warming, causing destruction of the Earth, has caused them not to be a part of this.  There is no better evidence of that than in 2009 when they came out and made it very clear that the science they are dependent on was the IPCC, and it was totally discredited with what they call climategate. We havetalked about this on the floor several times. I thought that would have ended it in 2009, but it didn't. I mentioned that background only because we have the Paris trip coming up, and there will be a lot of people going there to try to fortify their positions.  Since the 1970s, the IPCC climate model historically predicted a significant increase in global temperatures, and we haven't really seen this. The frequent statements held up by the media showing each month that passes is the ``hottest month on record'' willfully ignore the margin of error contained within these datasets. Simply put, the 15-year hiatus--the hiatus, as it is called--is showing that, yes, we went through a period of time when there was warming. Then all of a sudden, some 15 years ago--16 years ago, it leveled off and it hasn't warmed since that time. This has been a problem for the individuals who believe this.  Let me go back. This is from memory, but I am sure it is right because I have said it so many times. The first time they talked about global cooling was in 1895. In 1895, they came out and said that we are now worried about a new ice age. They coined that term. They said that it is going to be catastrophic. Then about 20 years later--it was in 2018--it changed. All of a sudden, there was global warming. There was a warming. This was the first time the term ``global warming'' had been used. At that stage, things were warming up from that point until 1945. In 1945, it was rather interesting because that was at the end of World War II, and another cold spell came in.  The interesting thing about this is if you look back historically, the greatest surge in emissions of CO2 in America happened right after the Second World War in 1945. That precipitated not a warming but another cold spell. In fact, they used the term ``ice age.'' In the 1970s, it started warming.  If you follow this, about every 30 years this changes. God is still up there. We are still going to have a change in climate. What disappointed them, on the other side, is that all the things they have been saying about global warming--it stopped 15 years ago, and it has leveled off.  Despite the clear evidence that the science of global warming is not settled, environmental alarmists are pushing ahead with an economically devastating agenda that is more about ideological outcomes than combating global warming. These efforts will come to a head at the end of this year when the United Nations hosts the 21st Conference on Parties, COP, session in Paris. With this upcoming international spectacle, we should not only be questioning the science, but also the intentions and promises each country is making.  Just last week, China was exposed for underreporting the amount of coal it burns by about 1 billion tons a year for the last 15 years. As the New York Times stated:       Even for a country of China's size, the scale of correction      is immense. . . . The increase alone is greater than the      whole German economy emits annually from fossil fuels.  They are talking about just the increase of what China has agreed to. They are saying they are reducing some of their emissions. The increase that they admit is going to come will still be far greater than the whole German economy emits annually for fossil fuels.  Then there is India, a country whose climate pledge is based on the premise that developed countries, such as the United States, will pick up these costs to the tune of $2.5 trillion over the next 15 years--just over $160 billion a year. India stands to gain from American taxpayer dollars. Keep in mind that each year for the last 21 years, we have had about 192 countries come in, and their job--in order to come in and join the big party--is to say, yes, we are going to do something about reducing CO2 emissions.  I have a lot of activity in Africa, and there is someone I know very well who lives in a little country called Benin, West Africa. His name is Luke. He was an official in Benin, West Africa.  I went up to him and I said: How come you are at this thing? You know better than to believe in this whole idea of global warming.  He said: Well, look. We have an opportunity to share in something like $100 billion because we are a minority country. Besides that, this is the biggest party of all every year.  So we have these things that are the motivations for people coming in. Even the United Nations bureaucrats have been very candid about what they hope to achieve through the international climate negotiations, which has nothing to do with saving the environment.  The former French President, Jacques Chirac, when addressing the Kyoto Protocol, described it as the ``first component of an authentic global governance.''  Margot Wallstrom--I remember this because I was there at the time she said it--former EU minister, stated that international agreements are about the economy and ``leveling the playing field for big business worldwide.'' That has nothing to do with the environment.  Most recently, Christiana Figueres, the U.N.'s top climate official when talking about the Paris climate conference said--she was running this thing for the United Nations--``This is probably the most difficult task we have ever given ourselves, which is to intentionally transform the economic development model, for the first time in human history.'' She is the person who is supposed to be making the case.  Even the United States' global warming commitment to the international community is questionable. President Obama is committing the United States to cut its emissions by 26 to 28 percent by 2025. This promise is also just as questionable and hollow as what we are hearing from the countries I mentioned.  The chart itself is self-explanatory. This is the gap that is in there. Not only does the President not have the backing of the Senate and the American people, but outside groups are finding that the President's method to achieve these reductions through climate regulations--primarily the Clean Power Plan--is faulty.  According to a recent analysis by the U.S. Chamber, the President's intended national determination contributions, the INDC--that is what they used to say what commitments are being made--are about 33 percent short of meeting stated targets. On July 8, a former Sierra Club chief climate counsel testified before my committee--I chair the Environment and Public Works Committee--about his own analysis that has found an even greater gap.  Right now, the Clean Power Plan is a regulation that is promoted by the President. Starting in 2002, they tried to pass legislation. After we analyzed this legislation, we discovered that it would have cost the American people somewhere between $300 and $400 billion a year.  Whenever I hear a big number like that, what I always do is go back and get the latest figures from my State of Oklahoma as to how much this means to each family that files Federal income tax, and this legislation would cost each family about $3,000. That is a lot of money for the people in my State of Oklahoma. Yet, by their own admission, it is not going to accomplish anything.  My colleagues might remember Lisa Jackson. Lisa Jackson was chosen by Barack Obama to be the first director of the EPA. I asked her a question right before the Copenhagen party in 2009. I said: Now, you are going to come out with an endangerment finding, and if you have this endangerment finding, who is going to be the scientist?  She said: Well, the IPCC.  I said: Well, assuming that you pass this legislation--they were trying to pass the cap-and-trade legislation that I just described, which would have cost between $300 and $400 billion at that time--will that reduce the CO2 emissions worldwide? Keep in mind, Obama chose her to be the director of the EPA.  She said: No, it wouldn't do that because this isn't where the problem is. The problem is in China, India, and Mexico.  In fact, you can carry it one step further. If you are going to have a reduction in it and then that chases our manufacturing base to other countries where they don't have restrictions, then those countries will be countries like China and India that don't have any controls on emissions, so it will end up costing even more.  I mentioned that the President is going there in spite of where the American people are. This is very interesting because back in 2001 and 2002, major polling showed that the No. 1 concern at that time was global warming. And now that same poll--this is the Gallup poll that came out in March--said it is No. 15, and that is dead last as far as Americans are concerned. The American people have caught on.  The President is setting up the American economy to suffer great pain for no gain. The rising cost of energy will not only restrict access to affordable and reliable energy, but it will also undermine our businesses' ability to compete on a global scale and will ultimately ship jobs overseas to these other countries that will be increasing emissions for the next decade.  The outcome sounds a lot like the United Nations bureaucrats' hope for ``leveling the playing field for big business worldwide.'' It was Margot Wallstrom who made that statement, and I quoted her a minute ago.  It is no wonder the President is working so hard to circumvent Congress's role in committing the United States to an international agreement on climate change. He is playing to the wishes of the international community to include French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius who, when talking about the forthcoming international climate summit, said that an agreement needed to be reached that would allow the President to make a commitment ``without going to Congress.'' That is the whole idea.  It is not just this one; there are other areas as well. Last week we were discussing the big water bill for a long period of time. Historically--always in this country--the control of water has been under State jurisdiction, and if it is under State jurisdiction, the only exception was navigable waters. About 5 years ago, there was an effort by a Senator from Wisconsin and a Representative Oberstar from Minnesota to try to pass legislation that would take the word ``navigable'' out, and that would have meant that everything would go from the States back to the Federal Government. Not only did we defeat those bills, but both the Senator and House Member were defeated at the next election in 2010.  The American people have caught on, and the summit is going to go forward, and I can assure my colleagues that we will have a big delegation from the United States of America at the summit and will talk about what America is going to do. Again, they are trying to do it through regulation. They tried to do the water rule legislatively, but they couldn't do it. So now the President is trying to do it with a rule. We have gone through this with ozone and other things. We will be faced with this, and clearly the President's agreement is about his legacy more than promoting a policy that is in the best interest of the American people. Americans need to not only question a science that is not settled, but a policy that is being used to appease internationalists at the cost of America's future prosperity.  We have gone through this now for quite a while--I would say for the last 18 years or so. The problem we are having--and I see a lot of the young people here--is that so many of the young people actually believe this stuff. One of the reasons they believe it is that they are taught it.  This is a terrible confession for me to make. I have 20 kids and grandkids, and one of them--I won't say which one--when she was in sixth or seventh grade came to me and said: Pop-I--the ``I'' is for Inhofe--why is it that you don't understand global warming?  I said: Honey, show me why you are asking. She showed me the propaganda coming from the EPA and going through our school system. It is incredible.  In spite of that, the facts are there, and it is not going to work any more this time than it did during the 21 last visits.  With that, I will yield the floor.  