President, first of all, I appreciate the fact that my colleagues from West Virginia, North Dakota, Kentucky, and Montana--all of us are getting together on this in a bipartisan way. I think it is worth repeating, to make sure everyone understands where we are on this, what a CRA is. The CRA is the Congressional Review Act. It is an act that allows an elected person who is answerable to the public to weigh in on these decisions that are made by the President--who can't run again for office--and by the unelected bureaucrats who are destroying this country.  As was pointed out by the Senator from Kentucky, I do chair the committee called the Environment and Public Works Committee. On this committee, we deal with these regulations. We have jurisdiction over the EPA. It is interesting I would say that because we tried to get the EPA to come in and testify as witnesses as to how the President plans to move to the percentage of power that is going to be generated by the year 2030 by renewables, and they won't testify because they don't have a plan. They don't know how they are going to do it.  The CRA is significant because there are a lot of people in this case who would be the liberals in this body who like the idea of being overregulated, who like the idea of having the regulators run our lives, and they are the ones who would love to go home when people are complaining about the cost of all of these things and they can say: Well, wait a minute. Don't blame us. That was a bureaucrat who did that; that wasn't me.  Well, this forces accountability, and these guys don't like it. I can assure you right now that we are going to give everyone an opportunity to weigh in on what these issues are. They would much prefer to go home and say: I know we are overregulating and I know it is destroying the States--whatever the States happen to be--but it wasn't me, don't look at me.  Now we are going to see who is responsible because what is going to happen is we are going to have a vote. The vote is going to take place, and I think our leader is correct when he says the President will probably veto this. If the President vetoes it, it comes back for a veto override, and then people will know who is for it and who is against it. So I think a CRA has another great value. It forces accountability by people who are answerable to the public.  On the issue we are discussing today, the interesting and the consistent pattern we have is that what this President does is he gets the things they tried to do through over--through legislation, and those things that fail through legislation he tries then to do by regulation.  Let me give you an example. Another issue--not the issue we are talking about today--is the WOTUS issue, the waters of the United States. Historically, it has been the States that have regulations over the waters except for navigable waters. Well, of course, liberals want everything in Washington. So 5 years ago a bill was introduced, and the bill would have essentially taken the word ``navigable'' out so that the Federal Government would have control over all the waters in my State of Oklahoma and throughout America. Two of them introduced a bill, one was Senator Feingold of Wisconsin and the House Member was Congressman Oberstar from one of the Northern States. I don't know which one it was. They introduced a bill to take the word ``navigable'' out. Not only did we overwhelmingly defeat the legislation, but the public defeated the two of them in the next election.  Now the President is trying to do what he was not able to do through legislation through regulation. The same thing is true--the Senator from West Virginia is right when he talked about what they are trying to do. It is very interesting when you look at this bill. We are talking about the emissions of CO2. The first bill that was introduced was in 2002. It was the McCain-Lieberman bill. We defeated that. The next one was the McCain-Lieberman bill in 2005, and the third one was the Warren-Lieberman bill in 2008. Then we had the Waxman-Markey bill that we never even got to vote on because nobody was going to vote for it.  So what they fail to be able to do legislatively, they are now trying to do through regulations, and that is why a CRA is significant because it does force accountability.  Let me make one other statement. This thing about Paris that is going to take place in December. This is the big party that the United Nations puts on every year. It is the 21st year they have done this. I can remember when they did it in 2009. That was going to be Copenhagen. Several people went over there at that time. President Obama was in the Senate, Hillary was in the Senate, Pelosi was there, and John Kerry went. They went over there to tell the 192 countries that were meeting in Copenhagen--the same 192 countries that will be meeting in 2 months--went over to tell them we were going to pass cap-and-trade legislation that year. That was 2009.  I went over after they had given their testimony there. I went all the way over to Copenhagen, spent 3 hours, and came all the way back on the next flight. I probably had the most enjoyable 3 hours I ever had because I was able to talk to 192 countries and tell them they had been lied to; that we are not going to be passing it. The same thing is going on in December of this year.  By the way, let me just mention one thing that hasn't been said. There are people out there listening to this who actually believe this stuff, that the world is going to come to an end because of CO2 manmade gases. This is something we have been listening to for a long period of time. I remember right before going to Copenhagen in 2009--at that time the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency was Lisa Jackson, an appointee by President Obama, and I asked her this question on the record, live on TV. I asked: If we had passed any of the legislation or the regulations that we are talking about passing, would this have an effect of lowering the CO2 worldwide? She said--now keep in mind this was an Obama appointee--by the way, Obama was President at that time when he went to Copenhagen. She said: Well, no, it wouldn't reduce emissions worldwide because it just pertains to the United States.  This isn't where the problem is. The problem is in India, it is in China, it is in Mexico. The problem we would have there is, yes, we might lower our CO2 emissions in the United States. However, those other countries will not, and it could have the effect of increasing, not decreasing, CO2 emissions because as we chase our manufacturing base overseas to places they don't have any restrictions, we would have the effect of increasing it.  So I am just saying I appreciate the fact we are all together on this and making the necessary efforts to make people accountable. I think it might surprise a lot of people as to who changes their mind on this once they know they have to cast a vote and be accountable.  I applaud, certainly, my friends from West Virginia and the other States that are involved in this. I think this is the right thing to do. Let's keep in mind the Utility MACT--that is the maximum achievable control technology--was the first shock to put coal under. At that time we did a CRA, and we actually came within four votes of getting the bill passed, and that was when Republicans were not a majority. I look for some good things to happen, and I think we are doing what is right and responsible.  I yield the floor.  