President, yesterday we had an interesting debate on climate change in the Senate, and there were three separate votes. The first one I and virtually all the Republicans supported, the Whitehouse amendment No. 29, said climate change is real and not a hoax.  This is true. Climate has always changed, and I think there is an effort by those on the other side who are trying to promote the big Obama program that would cost $479 billion and not accomplish anything in terms of setting up a new bureaucracy of trying to say we are denying that climate changes.  As I said on the floor yesterday, climate has always changed. If we go back and read history, look at archeological findings, and read the Scriptures, it has changed since the very beginning of time. We know it is real.  The hoax is that somehow there are people so arrogant who are going to go along with the President's program to say: Yes, if we spend enough money we, the human beings, can stop the climate from changing. I think people do understand that is not going to happen. So I am very happy we were able to get it out so it cannot be used in a way that would be deceptive to the public--because the climate has been changing since the beginning of time.  The hoax I have referred to since 2002 is that man is going to be in the position to change climate. That is not going to happen.  What is interesting is these votes could have taken place any time over the last year. I hope I am not divulging something someone else is going to use, but we are on pace now to have more amendments and votes on this one bill--a popular bill--than we had on amendments in the entire year last year.  We were very critical of the majority and the fact that we were not doing anything here. I would go home this last year and people would say: What did you accomplish?  Nothing. We didn't have any votes. We didn't do anything.  We had 15 votes on amendments in the entire year last year. By the end of today we will have that many votes on amendments just in 1 week. So it is very significant that we are actually getting things done.  Why did the Democrats not have a vote on the Keystone Pipeline or on climate? Because voters don't care or because people have lost interest in that. They have caught on. They know that, despite the money that has been put in this thing by Tom Steyer--we have already talked about that on this floor--that went into midterm elections, the proglobal warming votes would be seen negatively by voters.  This wasn't true back in the 1990s. At that time they had everyone scared that global warming was coming and the world was going to come to an end. There was polling by the Gallup polls, and that was the No. 1 and No. 2 concern in America. Environmental concerns are now No. 14 out of 15 in America.  So that is where it is. That is why Tom Steyer has spent, by his own admission, some $70 million on the elections. He stated he was going to get involved in eight senatorial elections--and I say to the Presiding Officer, he knows which ones they would be--and they lost them all. But Tom Steyer is not out of money, and they are going to do what they can to try to resurrect this global warming as an issue.  So the Gallup polls--and not just the polls. The Pew Research Center said 53 percent of Americans either don't believe global warming exists or believe it is caused by natural variation. I don't have it here, but I do know there was a university that put together a poll of all of the television weather people and it came out to the same thing: It was 63 percent said either it doesn't exist or, if it does exist, it exists because of natural causes.  What do the American people care about? They are concerned about the deficit and they are concerned about jobs.  Yesterday on the floor we talked about the deficit. Under this President--not a believable figure but an accurate figure--he has increased the debt in America more than all Presidents in the history of America, from George Washington to George Bush.  So that is what people care about.  As chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, one of my top priorities in this Congress is to conduct vigorous oversight of EPA regulations and getting into President Obama's excessive regulation regime through numerous hearings. We are going to have hearings on these regulations. We actually have dates set already to have hearings so people will understand what the cost is of these regulations.  The Presiding Officer is from a rural State, as I am. I am from Oklahoma. When I talk to farmers--in fact, Tom Buchanan, president of the Oklahoma Farm Bureau, said I can use his quote: Our farmers in Oklahoma--and I suggest all throughout America--are more concerned about the EPA regulations than they are all the other problems that are out there or anything that you will see in the farm bill.  He talks about the endangered species, that they can't plow their fields anymore in certain places because there might be some kind of a bug down there. He talks about containment of fuel on their farms. He talks about the water of the United States. That bill is probably the No. 1 concern of farmers.  The western part of my State is arid. I was out in Boise City, in the panhandle, and it is one of the most arid parts of the United States. It could actually be declared a wetland if we were to pass this and allow the Federal Government to replace the States and come in and regulate water on the land.  These are the things they are concerned about.  We should look closely at this, and this is quite a breakthrough. Our friends in Australia already tried regulating their emissions. I think we all know the IPCC is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and that bureaucracy is supposedly the scientific community. Yet we find out now--and I talked about this yesterday. All the scientists were not believers in this, but a lot did believe and Australia did believe. So they joined in a Kyoto-type treaty and started stopping their emissions. They imposed a carbon tax on the economy a few years ago, and it caused horrendous damage--$9 billion in lost economic activity per year, and destroyed tens of thousands of jobs. It was so bad that their government recently voted to repeal the carbon tax they imposed just a couple years ago, and their economy is now better for it. In fact, it was announced just following the repeal that Australia experienced record job growth of 120,000 jobs--far more than the 10,000 to 15,000 jobs economists had expected.  We also looked closely at this because scientists are having a difficult time explaining the 15-year hiatus we have seen in temperature increases. This isn't me. The IPCC agrees with this, Nature magazine agrees with this, the Economist magazine agrees. They are reputable publications.  Reviewing the science is one thing they have to do in the EPW Committee, the committee I chair, because it is on this disputed science the EPA is building its significant greenhouse gas regulation package scheduled for this summer, which all together would be the costliest regulation in history. The component regulating CO2 emissions from existing sources is the cause of a great concern in particular.  We heard in the President's message on Tuesday night that as proposed right now, the EPA's regulation will raise energy prices, destroy jobs, and impose billions of dollars in costs on the U.S. economy without achieving any kind of an effect.  It is interesting, and I have quoted her many times. The first EPA Administrator appointed by Barack Obama was Lisa Jackson. Lisa Jackson came before our committee many times. I always appreciated her because she would not get a message from the White House and come and repeat it in our committee.  I asked her a question: If we were to pass any of these regulations or the legislation to have cap and trade in America--which is what the President proposed on Tuesday night--would this have the effect of reducing CO2 emissions worldwide.  Her answer, live on TV, in our meeting was, no, it wouldn't because this isn't where the problem is. The problem is in China, the problem is in India, the problem is in Mexico.  So what we do in the United States isn't going to affect what they do. In fact, the opposite is true. Because if we control emissions to the point where our manufacturing base runs out of energy in America, where do they go? They go to places such as China. China is sitting back hoping we pass something so they can benefit from our lost jobs in America.  The Wall Street Journal on June 3 called the proposal that the President suggested on Tuesday ``a huge indirect tax and wealth redistribution scheme that the EPA is imposing by fiat [that] will profoundly touch every American.''  Further quoting the Wall Street Journal: ``It is impossible to raise the price of carbon energy without also raising costs across the economy.''  This is clearly worthy of intense congressional oversight, and that is what we intend to do. EPA has gone beyond the plain reading of the Clean Air Act in an attempt to grossly expand its authority. It is forcing States to achieve dubious emission reduction targets from a limited menu of economically damaging and legally questionable options.  One of the foremost authorities in America is Richard Lindzen of MIT. Richard Lindzen some time ago made the statement, ``Controlling carbon is a bureaucrat's dream.''  That is what they want to do, try to control carbon emissions.       Controlling carbon is a bureaucrat's dream. If you control      carbon, you control life.  The scientific community has been divided on this. We are in a position to try to make sure this doesn't happen to America, and so we are going to be very busy on that.  I wish to also mention we have seen Europe go down the road of imposing these mandates--the cap and trade and regimes they are proposing for America and in the green energy subsidies--and we have seen where that has gotten them. Electricity prices are up to 2\1/2\ times higher than those in the United States. In Germany, in 2012, CO2 emissions actually rose by 1.3 percent over the 2011 levels, while the U.S. emissions fell by 3.9 percent--and they were imposing these new restrictions, we were not.  As a matter of fact, things got so bad in Germany that they backed off of their disastrous renewable fuels program and now plan to build 10 new coal-fired powerplants in Germany.  Make sure we heard that, 10 new coal-fired powerplants. This is what they are trying to do away with altogether in America--as if we could run the ``machine'' called America without fossil fuels and without nuclear. We can't do it.  A look closer to home: California has adopted similar carbon reduction policies, and its cap-and-trade scheme alone will increase electricity rates by 8 percent, according to the California Public Utilities Commission.  That is in California today. If we pass this, I don't have a figure as to how much that is going to increase out in California. Do we want our entire economy following the path of the State of California? It has one of the country's highest electricity rates. The rates in California are 65 percent higher than our rates in the State of Oklahoma, and it has one of the worst unemployment rates, one of the worst insolvent fiscal positions of any State, not to mention some of the worst air quality in the country.  Predictions of this rule's devastating impacts are prevalent. In Oklahoma, residential rates are projected to increase by 15 to 19 percent and industrial rates by 24 percent; that is, in the event they are successful in this program.  I notice the other side has not arrived. I ask unanimous consent to go an additional 7 minutes.  