President, I know that we have a lineup of speakers. We have a speaker from Hawaii who is going to be here shortly, at which time I would be very pleased to yield, but I wish to make a couple of comments.  First, the fact that we are getting to this bill is great, because if you look at the last few years, we have not had a chance to do this until late in the year. The last 2 years it was December before we actually got around to it. It could have been a real crisis, because I think most of us in the Senate know that if we had gone to December 31, all kinds of things would have stopped--funding for a lot of our reenlistment bonuses and other things.  I applaud the chairman for using his influence to get this bill on floor so we could go ahead and get it passed. It is something that we need to make sure the people who are out there risking their lives on a day-to-day basis know and that they know we are having this as our top priority.  I want to make one comment about sequestration. People are talking about putting equal amounts of increases--not just in the military or in the defense portion but also in the other portions of government, such as the IRS and the EPA--without recognition that as we went through the funding mechanism, we were taking money out of military on a 50-50 basis with nondefense moneys, while the military is only 16 percent of the budget. So we have already started at a great disadvantage.  As far as the OCO is concerned, that is kind of a desperate effort. It is not the way we should be doing it, but we must have the support and keep the readiness up with our troops.  We do have some good things that are in this bill, such as funding for the KC-46, the Paladin Integrated Management Program, the Long-Range Strike Bomber, and the F-35. So we are at least treading water here.  I wish to say one thing, though, that I didn't approve of in this bill, and we may try to make some changes on the floor. It is the BRAC process. I think we all know that the base realignment and closing process has been going on since 1987. This is no time to be doing something with that. I am very pleased that we are able to continue that and not see one for a period of time.  One thing that is consistent about BRAC rounds is that they all cost a lot of money in the first 5 years. People, if there is ever a time in the history of this body and of the military when we can't afford to take money out, it is now.  We have addressed a couple of things. There are some things that need to be fixed as we move on to the floor. I know that our chairman, Senator McCain, has been asking people to bring down their amendments. I think we should be doing that, and I anticipate a lot of amendments will be coming down.  I wish to say one thing about Gitmo. There is this myth out there that somehow the terrorists think that we hurt people at Gitmo. Somehow they think it is something that should be altered and should be changed, but I don't believe that is the case.  I see the Senator from Hawaii is on the floor. I am cutting into his time right now. So I am going to continue comments throughout the rest of the afternoon, tomorrow, and yield back the time to him, which I have taken away from him for a few minutes.  I yield the floor.  