 This has been the great fear we have had, and I think we have come to a compromise here that might be liveable--not ideal, not where we should be, but where we are at this time.  Each service chief and each Secretary--and I have never seen this before--has testified that no service will be able to meet the wartime requirements under sequestration--that is in the event we have to have sequestration of the military portion.  Let me just mention that it was done wrong from the very beginning. When you talk about sequestration, it would seem to me that we would want to be sequestering or reducing in a relationship or proportion as to what that is of the budget. For example, our military is 16 percent of the budget, and yet we have had to take 50 percent of the cuts. So sequestration has gotten us to this point.  This budget we will be voting on has kind of a temporary solution or relief from sequestration.  Secretary Carter, our new Secretary of Defense, testified that ``readiness remains at troubling levels across the force'' and ``that even with the FY16 budget, the Army, Navy and Marine Corps won't reach their readiness goals until 2020 and the Air Force until 2023.''  This was interesting because we had a hearing where we had faces from the past--Henry Kissinger, George Shultz, and Madeleine Albright. So we had Democrats and Republicans, and they all agreed.  Madeleine Albright testified about her concerns about the deep cuts to the Defense Department, saying that it ``jeopardizes America's military reach.'' This is a Democrat talking--Madeleine Albright.  Over the last 6 years, significant cuts to the national security spending have forced our men and women in uniform to endure a steep and damaging drop in capabilities and readiness.  All of them testified that our readiness is dropping. When you are talking about readiness, you are talking about risk. When you are talking about risk, you are talking about American lives. Our naval fleet is at a historical low level of ships. The Air Force is the smallest in its history. The Army is shrinking to a force not seen since before World War II.  At a time when our security is being increasingly threatened by terrorism, a rising China, ISIL, ISIS, and rogue nations such as Iran and North Korea, the men and women charged with protecting this Nation are being undermined and forced to endure devastating cuts to the tools they need to keep America safe.  What we are talking about is something that has happened up to this point--not the potential of sequestration, which hopefully we can avoid and I think we will avoid, but what has happened up to this point.  The President believes the world is getting safer. He is negotiating a bad deal with Iran. He thinks global warming is a bigger threat to Americans than terrorism, but top leaders inside and out of the administration disagree.  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper--James Clapper has been in this kind of capacity for well over 40 years--said:       When the final accounting is done, 2014 will have been the      most lethal year for global     terrorism in the 45 years such data has been compiled. . . .      Roughly half of the world's currently stable countries are at      some risk of instability over the next two years.  The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart, before our committee just a couple of weeks ago, stated:       A confluence of global, political, military, social, and      technological developments, taken in aggregate, have created      security challenges more diverse and complex than those we      have experienced in our lifetimes.  That was Lt. Gen. Vincent Stuart, the DIA Director.  Over the last three decades, we have built the most powerful fighting force in history and filled it with the most talented men and women ever to wear our uniform. We can't break our promise to them or our responsibility to protect the Nation.  I believe our military--our men and women in uniform--will not accept failure and will do everything they can to succeed no matter how constrained they are by inadequate budgets. However, there will come a point when, without the training, equipment, and force size, it will fail because it was not given the resources to succeed. We cannot let our military get to this point, but that is what we are risking should we have another level of sequestration.  Before sequestration even came into effect, the President cut some $500 billion from our military. We stood on this floor and talked about it at that time, about how we can't continue having cuts just to the military. That is what happened from this President before sequestration. Because of sequestration for fiscal year 2013, the Army had to cancel seven combat training center rotations, deferred maintenance on aircraft and vehicles, and postponed reset of weapons and equipment. The Air Force stood down 17 combat squadrons, cut 40,000 flying hours for its remaining units, cut training, and deferred maintenance activities.  This is a problem that we have, too, because we have to consider the difference between retraining and retaining in the Air Force. The pilots--to train a pilot to F-22 standards costs in excess of $9 million, while retentions are something like $200,000 over a 9- or 10-year period.  Because of the sequestration in 2013, the Navy and Marine Corps canceled deployments, deferred maintenance on ships, aircraft, and vehicles, reduced purchases of spare parts, and reduced training activities. All the services had to cut or delay weapon system and infrastructure modernization.  Modernization is one of the first things they do when they cut. They really can't do the readiness, they can't cut the personnel who are out there, the force strength, so modernization is what suffers because that is not something people are aware of today. Yet that is where the cuts were. They are still attempting to recover from all of these cuts.  But recent budget turmoil has forced our generals and admirals to worry about our military's ability to fulfill its critical national security role in, arguably, the most dangerous time in our Nation's history.  The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff--that is General Dempsey--warned that continued national security cuts will ``severely limit our ability to implement our defense strategy.'' He means there the defense strategy to defend our country and to save lives out there. ``It will put the nation at greater risk of coercion, and it will break faith with men and women in uniform.'' That is General Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Our Nation relies on less than 1 percent who volunteer to risk their lives on its behalf. I was trying to get a comparable figure to put that in perspective, but we are talking about 1 percent of our population is involved in protecting the other 99 percent. When these brave men and women are ordered into harm's way, they will salute with courage, they will go and do their job, their mission, and very effectively, but they do not have the right equipment to do it with. In return, they rightfully expect a supportive nation to provide them with the best training, technology, and equipment to accomplish their mission and then to come home safely. Tragically, we are not doing that.  Put simply, top military leaders are telling us that continued cuts to national security spending are making this country less safe. These cuts are making it more likely that our military men and women will not return from the battlefield alive, and this is immoral.  We must increase our defense budget, and I prefer to increase its base budget in fiscal year 2016 and over the next 5 years to give our military leadership the required and predictable funding they need. Because of Senate rules, however, we aren't able to do this without changing the law. I am committed to working to the point where we can replace sequestration with cuts to mandatory spending, as was originally planned with the Budget Control Act.  We went through the Budget Control Act assuming some of these things would happen. For the purposes of a Senate budget resolution, however, I am proud of the Budget Committee and the hard work they have done for adopting an amendment during their markup to provide additional funding for the Department of Defense through overseas contingency operations. That is OCO. This is far from ideal. OCO money is better than no money at all, and until we provide the solution to sequestration we need, this is the best we can do.  Our country is at war and will be for the foreseeable future and we are going to have to do something to keep America strong. I don't like this alternative. We have had nothing but a series of bad alternatives and this is the least bad alternative. So I salute Senator Enzi and others who are responsible for coming up with something that still is going to defend our Nation, particularly as we are faced with another potential round of sequestration. We can't let that happen to our men and women in uniform nor to America.  I yield the floor.  