President, right now probably the most significant thing we will be facing as soon as we get through with the education bill that Senator Lamar Alexander has done such a great job on is the transportation reauthorization bill. I found out the House just passed a few minutes ago a 5-month extension to the highway reauthorization bill.  I would suggest to the people who may think there is some type of adversarial relationship between our bill in the Senate and the House bill that there isn't. We are working together and we both want to accomplish a long-term bill, and I anticipate that we will actually have passed in the next few days a long-term--maybe a 6-year--highway reauthorization bill, at which time we will go to conference with the House and it will be business as usual. I want to make sure, in case there is a fire looming out there, that we put it out early.  Passing the long-term transportation bill has been my top priority since I returned as chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee. Ironically, the ranking member of that committee, Senator Boxer of California, feels just as strongly that it is her top priority also. So I consider this to be the second most significant bill of the year, the first one being of course the Defense reauthorization, which we have already addressed here. But we felt strongly enough about this being a top priority that we had our first full committee hearing on the need to reauthorize what at that time was MAP-21. We had Anthony Foxx, the Secretary of Transportation, as well as a lot of government leaders so they could share the importance of an ongoing Federal and State partnership in building and maintaining a modern surface infrastructure system.  Since that hearing, my committee has put forward a bold bipartisan solution called the DRIVE Act that will put our Nation on the path to having a world-class transportation system. I have often said there is no such thing as a Republican or a Democratic road or bridge. This is something that is bipartisan. By the way, I have to say when the DRIVE Act passed through my committee, it passed unanimously--every Democrat and every Republican voted for the bill.  The Transcontinental Railroad, I am proud to say, the Republicans have historically been leading the way in transportation going all the way back to the Lincoln days. We passed the Transcontinental Railroad. The Panama Canal was done by Teddy Roosevelt.  Of course, the Interstate Highway System was done by Eisenhower. Eisenhower said the transportation system is a dynamic element in the very name we bear, United States. Without it, we would be a mere alliance of many separate parts. What he also said--let's remember that Eisenhower was a President. He was a star. He was concerned, and he started the first highway bill by addressing the problems of defense. The fact is that if you don't have a highway system within the United States, you can't adequately supply the necessary means to fight and win wars. So that was the very first motivation for it. In laying out the full interstate system, Eisenhower envisioned it to be the physical backbone of the economy, fueling the growth of our GDP, our cities, and the competitiveness of our exports.  Now, this vision and certainty maximized the economic and mobility benefits of the system. Businesses and individuals knew that if they could locate somewhere on a future interstate system, they would be connected not just with the Nation but with the world.  I am afraid this legacy system, which was built with a 50-year design life, is now more than 50 years old. So we are out of warranty now, and we need to address that. That is the sense of urgency that we have. We are in serious danger of eroding a half century of investments without proper maintenance, modernization, and reconstruction. We are on borrowed time with a system that is in full need of restoration.  Our national interstate system currently has a maintenance backlog of $185 billion. Now that national interstate system is actually 47,000 miles in length, and just to bring back the system to the original 1956 design, it would be that expensive.  Maintaining Eisenhower's vision of economic opportunity and strength in defense requires a continued partnership between the Federal Government and the States, which is the hallmark of the DRIVE Act. Yet due to 33 short-term passages since 2005, the highway construction now consists of maintenance patchwork.  This is what happened. We had a transportation reauthorization bill that was a 5-year bill. This was in 2005. I am very familiar with it. I was the author of the bill at that time. In 2005, we passed this long-term bill. Since that time, we have been unable to pass a long-term reauthorization bill. So we have been operating on extensions--short-term extensions.  It is interesting that we are now looking at something that has both a liberal and a conservative perspective. The conservative position is a long-term bill because the only alternative is short-term extensions. Short-term extensions--I don't think anyone has ever challenged this--costs about 30 percent more because you can't get big projects, which we are talking about in a minute. So we are now to the point where we are going to be able to do something with a long-term bill.  Passing a long-term bill is crucial in many aspects of day-to-day life in America. More than 250 million vehicles and 18 billion tons valued at $17 trillion in goods traverse across the country every year. Yet every day 2,000 miles of our highways slow below the posted speed limits because of the stop-and-go conditions of overcongestion.  The National Highway System--this is kind of interesting. Not many peopleare aware of this. Our whole National Highway System is 5.5 percent of the total Nation's roads, but it carries 55 percent of all vehicles traveling and 97 percent of the truck-borne freight. So 5.5 percent of the Nation's roads account for the transportation of 97 percent of the freight crossing this country. This type of congestion has a huge negative impact on our businesses throughout America.  Congress just passed a 2-month extension, and we now have a responsibility to pass a long-term solution. As I mentioned, they did pass something over in the House that we are in agreement that will get them to conference with us, and I think most of them are going to be--from the ones I talked to over there--very excited about the fact that we are going to have funding for a 6-year bill.  The highway trust fund needs $15 billion a year to maintain current spending. What we are saying there is, if you take proceeds of the gas tax that is out there in order to do what we are currently doing, it takes an additional $15 billion each year just to do that, but we need to do more than just maintain the system. We need to improve it for the future of America's growing economy. Fortunately, my committee just passed this bill unanimously with what we call the DRIVE Act.  The DRIVE Act will put America back on the map as the best place to do business. The DRIVE Act has several key components to position America's transportation system to support our growing economy.  First of all, it prioritizes funding for core transportation formula programs to provide States and local governments with strong Federal partners. In other words, the States have needs. They articulate those needs to the Federal Government. The Federal Government goes in and makes sure that is going to be a reality. Let's keep in mind, there are some States--suggesting Wyoming as an example--it would take three times as much money actually to take care of the roads in Wyoming than could be produced by the sparse population of that State. So that is one of the major initial reasons for the program.  Secondly, it prioritizes the interstate system, the National Highway System, and the bridges at risk system. Well, as I said, the interstate system is 47,000 miles, but the National Highway System is 220,000 miles, which does encompass the 47,000 miles of the interstate system.  Thirdly, it creates a new multibillion-dollar-per-year freight program to help the States deliver projects that promote the safe, efficient, and reliable transportation of consumer goods and products across the United States.  The fourth thing is--and this is something a lot of people are not aware of--a lot of people think that we in Washington have this infinite wisdom that we know what is best for the States. We don't believe that. We believe the States should set their own priorities. In my State of Oklahoma, I don't even get involved in what projects are going to be there. We have a State system, where the State does evaluate, and certainly they know more about our needs in Oklahoma than the Federal Government does. Don't you agree? That is right. Well, that is where we are on that. We let the States determine what projects we are going to be doing.  The fifth thing is to provide greater efficiency in the project delivery process through reforms that put DOT in the driver's seat during the NEPA process by requiring other agents to bring in their issues. Here is what happens. We have a lot of good rules in the NEPA Program, in the environmental programs, but there are some things where we feel that should not slow down the construction of roads, highways, and bridges, both new bridges and repairs. To do that, we have to write that into the law, so that streamlines the system. If you have nothing but short-term extensions, that doesn't happen. They don't get streamlined.  Let me compliment my partner in this, the ranking member Senator Boxer from California. It is interesting. I am among one of the most conservative Members of the U.S. Senate. She is a very proud liberal. Yet we both agree on what our priorities should be, and that makes this process more important. She has been willing to do things she didn't really want to do because it does short-circuit some of the NEPA requirements, and as a general rule she would not want to do that. But this has been a give-and-take, and that is why we have a bill that passed our committee unanimously.  The sixth or seventh thing is eliminating duplicative reviews and expanding categorical exclusions. To give an example of that, we have bridge projects that are given special considerations with new exemptions from section 4(f), the historic property reviews. Now, to be a historic property, it has to be over 50 years old. For them to continue to be able to do it, it takes these exemptions from what other historic things have to go through because we are in the business of building bridges.  Secondly, we have the Migratory Bird Treaty Act on the books, and it allows us to go ahead and start working on projects even though swallows nests--I know it sounds kind of insignificant, but it is not, because swallows go in there, and while they are not protected or listed as an endangered species, they still are protected by the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, and they have caused us to stop construction on many of the bridges around the country.  This is kind of a brief overview of the bill. As the DRIVE Act progresses on the floor, I intend to address the significance of each program in a lot more detail. Most importantly, the DRIVE Act sets up funding levels for the next 6 years. This is at the very best what the Federal Government should provide so States and local officials in the construction industry can gear up for large projects--the $500 million to $2 billion projects. These are things you can't do with extensions, but you can do with a bill such as the bill we have successfully passed.  We have thousands of projects around the Nation that are currently in jeopardy, and construction will come to a halt unless this legislation becomes a reality.  As shown in this picture I have in the Chamber, this is the Brent Spence Bridge. This goes from Kentucky to Ohio. Right now it is in dire need. One can see actually the problems with this antiquated bridge. There are chunks of it dropping off into the river below and it has become very dangerous.  We saw not long ago in another adjoining State what can happen if a bridge goes down. Here in DC we had the Memorial Bridge. It is literally crumbling. You can go right down and you can see the pieces of the bridge dropping into the Potomac River. It was built in 1932. It has only received patchwork ever since that time. It is estimated that nearly $250 million will be required to keep the bridge operational. That is not a new bridge. That is to make that into an operational bridge.  You recognize this. You drive by it, many of you, every day. But you don't see--you have to get down there and you can see concrete dropping into the Potomac. We have many more like this. What else do we have here? The Mobile River Bridge. This is in Alabama. This is what it will look like later. That is not a current picture. This is what it is right now.  These are the types of projects that we can do now which we could not do with just extensions, as we have been doing since 2009. I believe more than just a small part of the economic success enjoyed by the United States over the past 50 years has been the interstate system started by President Eisenhower. But today we literally sit in a situation where we would have to do something to carry this forward.  That is why Senator Boxer and I are bringing the DRIVE Act to the Senate floor. It will ensure that States have the tools and certainty to make the necessary new investments to rebuild Eisenhower's vision, fight growing congestion and maintain the mobility of goods and services across our country. So we are going to have this up. I think this will be on the floor, probably the next thing after we finish with the education bill.  Again, no one can argue that this is the second most significant bill that we address each year. We have not addressed this one in the right way since 2005. So it is very significant. We are looking forward it to. Anyway, we are going to be coming forth with this, I'm going to be coming to the floor andtalking about it in a lot more detail. We have got to get the roads and the bridges taken care of. We intend to do it. The product to do that is the DRIVE Act.  I yield the floor.  