President, I had some time reserved, and I am halfway through that time now. So I will talk a little faster than usual because we have an Armed Services meeting right now, and we are trying get to the bottom of this side agreement that was apparently made with Iran.  I wish to applaud the Senate for taking another step, and that is what we are going to be doing in just a few minutes with the DRIVE Act in Congress with these votes, and tomorrow we expect to see a final vote for passage so we can send it to the House. This will be my sixth reauthorization over the past number of years. These bills are all about compromise. It is hard to do. There are a lot of Members of this body who didn't think they got what they wanted in this bill, and I have to say that I didn't get what I wanted. I suspect that the occupier of the chair didn't get what he wanted, and Senator Boxer didn't get what she wanted. That is not the way this works because this is a bill to get us away from the short-term extensions.  It has been obvious that Members of this body are opposed to moving to a 6-year reauthorization bill and are willing to use any procedural means to slow it down, and that is what happened. If we had not dragged on yesterday, and if we had yielded back some of the time, we could have had these votes that we are about to have now yesterday. If we had done that, we could have final passage today, and it would be sent over to the House before they leave. They are going to leave. That doesn't mean that this is not important. What we are doing today and tomorrow is passing this bill. Even though the House is going home, they all agree that we need a good, long-term bill as soon as they get back. That is why we have a motion before us for a short-term delay--so they will have time to do it.  We will have a good bill for them. We have worked on it for several months. It passed out of committee unanimously. Every Republican and every Democrat voted for it. We will have a chance to do that.  Also, I have State sheets on every State. I can read off how every State benefits from this 6-year reauthorization bill. All you have to do is talk to the Governors, mayors, and the departments of transportation across the country. They fully expected Congress only to deliver piecemeal extensions, as we have in the past.  We have to keep in mind that the last reauthorization bill that we had was in 2005. I remember that vividly because I was the author of the bill. When we passed it, everyone rejoiced. Yesterday the Senator from Minnesota was talking about the tragedy of the fallen bridge in Minnesota, where 13 people died. I told the story about how a bridge in Oklahoma City had a chunk of concrete fall off of it and hit a mother of three children and kill her. You don't want to wait until this happens.  We have bridges in this country--and we have talked about each one of them on the Senate floor during the discussion on this bill--that are deteriorating, and we have to do something about it.  If any Member or the staff of any Member--I know the staffs are allwatching right now. We have every State listed on these sheets, and it shows what they will have and how they will benefit from the DRIVE Act, which will be before us in a moment. If we don't do it, there are consequences, and I have to remind everyone of that today as we approach a shutdown of the transit programs. I urge my colleagues to join in voting yes on this procedural hurdle today. If you vote no, you are reinforcing current laws and extensions, which is the worst possible outcome.  One area deals with big projects. We cannot do big projects with 3-month, 4-month or even 1-year extensions. We have gone through 33 short-term extensions since the SAFETEA-LU bill was passed.  