But just for a moment, I wish to talk about the seriousness of the transportation reauthorization bill. I know this issue has been talked about during the budget conversation and debate, but I think sometimes we ought to drag up that old document that hardly anyone pays attention to anymore--the Constitution.  The Constitution specifically says in article I, section 8 that there are some things we are supposed to be doing here. The two major things that are mentioned in the article I, section 8 are, No. 1, defending America--that is our military--and the other is roads and bridges.  I think we are concentrating and working very hard. A minute ago I had a colloquy with my friend from California, Senator Boxer. Senator Boxer observed that she is a proud liberal and recognized me as a proud conservative. Yet here is something we agree on, something we can do, something that is very important and that we need to take care of.  Now, I won't say anything about the defense problem. We have a serious problem in our defense system right now, but that is not the discussion for today. I do believe that while we have an amendment that would address a highway reauthorization bill--and how critical that is--we are working on that.  I have to remind people that there is a reserve fund in Chairman Enzi's budget that serves as a placeholder for Chairman Hatch to address a long-term highway bill later this year.  The last bill we had was a 27-month bill. Again, that was to setup this idea of having a long-term bill. The last good bill we had was in 2005, and that was a 5-year bill. It was really produced very well. The problem with extensions--and I think we all know this--is that extensions take about 30 percent off the top because short-term extensions--and anyone who has been in business knows this--are things you cannot do in the short term. You cannot get the streamlining. Our 27-month bill had a lot of really good streamlining provisions in there. You cannot do that on short-term extensions.  I look forward to having a very large bill. We have a deadline at the end of May to make this a reality, and I believe we are going to be able to do that. We are meeting on a regular basis, including a meeting today with Senator Hatch. We will be coming up with ways that we can pay for this.  Again, I can remember in the very beginning we used to have a problem in the highway trust fund because we had too much surplus. Well, it is not that way anymore. We all know how we got in the mess we are in right now. We will have to address that, and I look forward to doing that and providing some of the leadership, right along with Senator Boxer and Senator Sanders, in making this a reality.  With that, noting that 12 noon is here, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  