President, yesterday 41 Senators refused to have a substantive debate on an issue that is critically important to all of our constituents--the scope of Federal authority under the Clean Water Act--and voted against a motion to proceed to Senator Barrasso's bipartisan Federal Water Quality Protection Act, S. 1140.  Later in the day I was extremely disappointed to learn that 11 of those 41 Senators agreed that the EPA's rule is flawed, but instead of doing their job to provide legislative clarity to the EPA on the regulation of our Nation's waters, they wrote a letter. In this letter they told the EPA that they have concerns with the rule, but instead of acting now they reserve the right to do their jobs simply at a later time.  If only 3--only 3--of these 11 Senators who signed this letter would have voted to proceed to the bill, we could have worked with them to resolve their concerns and ours about the WOTUS rule disapproval.  As Senator Sasse so eloquently reminded us yesterday in his maiden speech, what are we here for if not to have a substantive debate on issues? No wonder the American people think Congress is not looking out for their interests.  Instead of doing their jobs, 11 Senators asked the EPA to change the final rule through guidance. That can't happen. EPA can't do that. That would be a violation of the Administrative Procedure Act, and I think most of us know that. These 11 Senators also asked the EPA to enforce the rule in a way that will protect people who are not regulated today. That also will not happen. The WOTUS rule is on the books. Even if the EPA doesn't bring enforcement action against someone, some activist, environmentalist community is going to file a lawsuit, and we know what the result of that would be.  In the letter I am referring to, the 11 Democrats agreed that the EPA did not provide clarity in its final WOTUS rule to protect American landowners, but instead of voting to debate a bipartisan bill that would have forced EPA to provide that clarity and to offer perfecting amendments, if they wished to do so, they wrote a letter. I know I am sounding very critical, and in a minute I will tell my colleagues why, because this happens to be the No. 1 issue of the farmers and ranchers in my rural State of Oklahoma. It is a big deal.  The EPA's entire rulemaking process, and now the lack of debate in the Senate, is an example of Washington at its worst. This is a long and sordid story that dates back to 2009. EPA wanted to be able to control isolated ponds, wetlands, and dry channels water only when it rains, but they were blocked because the Supreme Court said the Clean Water Act is based on the authority over navigable waters. I think everybody understands that the State has always had the authority, but certainly if they are navigable waters, I agree, the Federal Government should be involved.  First, the EPA backed legislation--and this is the legislation I referred to yesterday by Senator Feingold, 5 years ago, and Congressman Oberstar in the House--to take the word ``navigable'' out. If we take the word ``navigable'' out, everything is then in the authority of the Federal Government.  To support this legislation, EPA created a propaganda message that action was needed to protect drinking water. The EPA spread this propaganda, even though they know that all sources of drinking water are already regulated. That is already done. That is a done deal. It should have been done and it was done, but the American people were not fooled. The bills were so unpopular with the American people that even though Senator Feingold's party held the Senate, the White House, and the House--everything was on their side--the bill never reached the Senate floor and Congressman Oberstar did not even try to move his bill through the committee he chaired.  So the American people held them accountable. Both of them, I might add, lost their elections for reelection to office in 2010. After that election, EPA changed its strategy. Even though in 2009 the EPA said they needed legislation to expand Federal control after Congress rejected their attempt to take the word ``navigable'' out of the clean Clean Water Act, they tried to do the same thing through regulation.  This is exactly what this administration has been doing. Every time they try to pass something legislatively and they can't do it, they get a regulation. That is what they are doing. How many times did we vote on the global warming and the cap-and-trade bills, and each time it went down resoundingly in the Senate. Well, it happened over and over again. So what did they do? They said if we can't do it legislatively, we will do it through regulation.  In this new regulation, EPA tried to dodge the Supreme Court rulings by pretending that all water has a connection to navigable water. EPA also cranked up its propaganda machine. On May 19, the New York Times said: ``In a campaign that tests the limits of federal lobbying law, the agency orchestrated a drive to counter political opposition from Republicans and enlist public support in concert with liberal environmental groups and a grass-roots organization aligned with President Obama.''  That was in the New York Times. They created social media messages and asked people to send these EPA-directed messages of support back to EPA--a true echo chamber going back and forth.  After soliciting comments using its propaganda machine, the EPA claimed that 90 percent of the comments supported the rule and that every comment is meaningful to the EPA. However, the Corps of Engineers told my committee--the committee that I chair, the Environment and Public Works Committee--that only 39 percent of unique comments supported the rule, and 60 percent were opposed.  The difference is that EPA is counting each email address on a list as a separate meaningful comment. For example, EPA counts a list of nearly 70,000 email addresses sent in by Organizing for Action, President Obama's political campaign arm, as 70,000 comments. It is actually only one. Apparently the EPA considers an email address more meaningful than substantive comments submitted by States and by local governments, by farmers, ranchers, and property owners. The EPA has ignored the significant concerns raised by these groups, and they should not have.  I am sure that every Member of this body has heard from someone comparable to Tom Buchanan in my State of Oklahoma. Tom Buchanan is the president of the Oklahoma Farm Bureau. He speaks for a lot of farmers and ranchers, and we are a rural State. He says of all the problems that farmers and ranchers have in Oklahoma, these issues are not found in the farm bill, and they are not in the ag bill. They are the overregulations of the EPA. He is talking about endangered species, where you can plow your fields and where you can't. But of all the regulations of the EPA, the most onerous are the water regulations because they will allow the Federal Government to have an army of bureaucrats crawling over every farm and every ranch, not just in my State of Oklahoma but throughout America.  Two courts have already said it is illegal. It will be overturned. We don't have to stand for this. We don't have to endure years of confusion before the courts act. They are going to act, but it could take a long, long time. In the meantime they will go forward, and the overregulations will continue.  We have only one way to stop the rule right now, and that is coming up. It is through the CRA offered by Senator Ernst. A lot of people don't know what a CRA is, but it forces responsibility on Members of the Senate. There are a lot of Senators who want overregulation; the liberal ones do. So they would rather go ahead and go home, and when people complain, they can say: Hey, it wasn't us who did that; it was an unelected bureaucracy that did that. A CRA will not let them get by with that.  The President can veto it, which he will, and it will come back for a vote to override the veto, and we will know and our constituents throughout America will know just how their Senator isvoting. Senator Ernst's CRA would do that. I certainly urge a ``yes'' vote, not just for me but for all my farmers and ranchers in Oklahoma.  After vacating this rule, if any Senator wants to work with my committee on substantive issues around the scope of Federal authority under the Clean Water Act, I stand ready to work with them.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time spent in a quorum call before the 12 noon vote be charged equally against both sides.  