President, the Presiding Officer, Senator Lankford, and I want to recognize and pay tribute to Army MSG Joshua Wheeler. Joshua was born in Roland, OK. He was deployed to Kirkuk Province, Iraq, in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. I didn't remember him at the time, but I was there during that time. He was deployed to Kirkuk to support Operation Inherent Resolve. That was his 14th deployment in combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Joshua's unit, along with Iraqi and Kurdish forces, raided a compound near the city of Kirkuk, freeing 70 prisoners from captivity. Josh died of injuries sustained in that firefight. He would have turned 40 this month.  Josh attended and graduated from Muldrow High School in 1994, and aclassmate of his, Ms. Tra Moreland, said this about Josh and his character:       If you would have asked me 20 years ago, would he be the      man--the kind of man to do this, to give his life for      everyone else? I'd say most definitely! I wish everybody      could have known him!  Josh enlisted in the Army straight out of high school. During his military career, he served in the 24th Infantry Regiment, 75th Ranger Regiment, and from 2004 until the events that bring us here today, he was assigned to the U.S. Army Special Operations Command, where he served with the Delta Force.  I think we all understand what the Delta Force is all about. It is a unit of the elite, the very best of the best. That was Josh--the best of the best. Josh was the epitome of a selfless and patriotic soldier.  Mr. Lance Hunter, Sergeant Wheeler's friend of 30 years, said that Josh was the kind of person who would stop and help a stranger change a tire on the side of the road and always dedicated himself to challenges.       When he enlisted, I knew he would go as far as he could go.      He was made to be a soldier.  A soldier he was. During his career, Master Sergeant Wheeler had earned 11 Bronze Stars, including 4 with Valor Device, and countless other medals. He was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart for his actions during the raid on the ISIS prison. He is a true American hero.  Secretary of Defense Ash Carter expressed how selfless Sergeant Wheeler's actions were, stating that ``they weren't part of the original rescue mission plan, but were critical to the mission's success.'' In other words, he did something he didn't have to do. Still, the Secretary is one of thousands who know what a hero Josh really is.  I was honored to hear that his hometown honored him by engraving his name in a stone monument and releasing hundreds of balloons in his memory. On top of being a highly decorated soldier, he was a consummate family man and father of four. Joshua's grandfather, Mr. Jack Shamblin of Roland, OK, said his grandson loved fishing and hunting and was a family man and was always taking care of everyone else, including his four half sisters.  His brother Zack said:       He was a soldier, but I didn't realize he had all of these      accomplishments, all these achievements--it just blows my      mind. He's an American hero, he just wanted to take care of      people.  Ms. April Isa, a classmate of Josh's and an English teacher now at the old high school said:       He was always funny, even mischievous, but always the guy      who seemed like he had your back. Most of our class was      cliques, but he wasn't with just one group. He was friends      with everyone.  Josh lived a life for his family and friends. I had occasion to talk to Ashley, and I found out that he was a real Jesus guy. He loved everyone, and he knew what was going to happen to him, and we know where he is today. He will be remembered for his commitment to and belief in the greatness of our Nation, and his memory and legacy will continue forever in the love of his wife Ashley and his four sons, Zachariah, Matthew, Joshua Junior, and the youngest, David, just 3 months old.  The fight that took Josh's life is tragic. But make no mistake; his sacrifice made a difference and will continue to make a difference, not just in Iraq but in the security of our great Nation. We are safe in our country, and it is secure because of Josh and our service men and women. We must continue our unwavering support of them.  I extend our deepest gratitude and condolences to Josh's family. Senator Lankford and I are honored to pay tribute to this true American hero who volunteered to go into the fight and to make the ultimate sacrifice of his life for our freedom. It is my sincere hope that his family takes solace in knowing that their husband, father, brother, grandson, and friend is a true American hero and will not be forgotten. We say God bless you, Josh. We will see you again.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  