rg.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the synopsis of these six letters representing these organizations be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Military Officers Association of America: ``This amendment      requires a study in lieu of the Senate Armed Service      Committee (SASC) language that mandate a privatization pilot      in at least five commissaries chosen from the commissary      agency's largest U.S. markets. MOAA commends this approach.      To conduct a privatization pilot without proper assessment      could result in unintended consequences, putting this highly      valued benefit at risk The commissary is a vital part of      military compensation providing a significant benefit to      military families. The average family of four who shops      exclusively at the commissary sees a savings of up to 30      percent.''       Armed Forces Marketing Council: ``What is at stake for      military families: Loss of up to 30% savings on a market      basket of products for military families. That equates to      over $4000 per year for a family of four. Loss of jobs for      military family members. Over 60 percent of DeCA employees      are military related and their jobs are transferable,      allowing them to retain their positions and seniority when      the military provides permanent change of station orders.      Families would be required to pay sales taxes on groceries.      Loss of a cherished benefit that is enjoyed by 95% of the      active force. Loss of traffic at commissaries will adversely      impact sales in military exchanges by up to 40%. This will      diminish the dividend that supports quality of life programs      for military families.''       International Brotherhood of Teamsters: ``The commissary      system is a vital benefit to our nation's active military,      their families, and veterans across the country. The system      provides thousands of jobs for American Teamsters in the      warehouse, shipping, and food distribution industries.      Commissaries also provide a needed benefit for military      spouses and family members, who make up nearly 30 percent of      Department of Commissary employees.''       American Federation of Government Employees (AFL-CIO):      ``The Department of Defense's (DoD) commissaries and      exchanges (Army and Air Force Exchange Service, AAFES) are an      earned benefit treasured by military families and an      important contributor to their quality of life. The modest      cost of providing military families with inexpensive but      essential goods and services is almost invisible in the      Department's overall budget. Given that privatization of the      commissaries has been repeatedly rejected by the executive      and legislative branches and that this option was explicitly      not recommended by a recent commission which looked      comprehensively at the commissaries, it makes no sense to      begin to privatize the commissaries before understanding the      impact on costs and services as well as morale and      recruitment. Senator Inhofe's amendment would wisely direct      DoD to study the impact of privatization, and the Government      Accountability Office to review the DoD's finding, before the      Department is directed to privatize the commissaries.''       American Military Retirees Association: ``The American      Military Retirees Association believes commissary and      exchanges are a vital part of military pay and compensation.      Ninety percent of the military community uses these benefits      and consistently rank[s] them as a top compensation benefit,      yielding returns that far outweigh taxpayer support. They      also provide critical jobs for military families and      veterans--over 60 percent of employees are military      affiliated--and provide healthy living alternatives both      stateside and overseas.''       SaveOurBenefit.org: ``The Inhofe-Mikulski amendment offers      a sensible, pragmatic and thoughtful approach to examining      private operation of military commissaries. Senators Inhofe      and Mikulski are right. Study before deciding to implement.      Nearly 40 organizations--representing tens of millions of      active duty, Guard and Reserve, retirees, military families,      veterans and survivors--agree. The Military Compensation and      Retirement Modernization Commission (MCRMC) surveyed the      private sector and found no interest among major retailers to      operate on military bases. The Commission, chartered by the      Senate, found that commissaries were worth preserving and      recommended changes to the current structure--not      privatization.''  