President, we are getting close to a time when we are going to be able to see a reality here that we have been talking about--the Keystone Pipeline--for a long period of time now. When I go back to Oklahoma, people say: If you have something that no one is against who does not have a particular institutional reason to be against it--everyone is for it. When you see the jobs--no single thing we have dealt with in the last 3 or 4 years that I can recall has talked about 42,000 new jobs that otherwise are not going to be there, good-paying jobs.  I admit that I am biased a little bit because being from Oklahoma--Cushing, OK, is right in the center of the State. It is the hub of all of the pipelines going through America. But I see that there is really no logical reason--I heard someone on the floor just a few minutes ago saying: All those dirty oil sands up in Alberta are going to be--there is a great environmental risk from that. Yet they know full well that if for some reason the people who are opposed to fossil fuel altogether--such as President Obama--are successful, they are still going to produce that stuff up there.  China is chomping at the bit right now because China has a great need for the very ingredients in the pipeline that we do here in this country. They already have talked about transportation to the western part of Canada to get it to China. So it is going to happen. In fact, you could argue, if you are concerned about some of the environmental problems, if they do exist, they would be greater if China did it than if we did it. For example, China does not have any emission controls on all of the stuff that we are talking about the way we do in this country.  I think there are some things that are factual. I think everyone is aware of it. One is that President Obama has had a constant war on fossil fuels since the time before he was even President of the United States. When we look at what he has done and how he has committed--and we have heard all of those quotes from when he was talking to the far-left environmental groups, the Tom Steyers and others like him who have put in the money to fight fossil fuels. He is one who is solidly opposed and doing everything in his power to keep us from finishing the pipeline.  Having said that--I will put the chart up on what happened just a year ago in my State of Oklahoma. The only visit the President has made to my State of Oklahoma was about a year ago--2 years ago. He came in and was--in the background there, that is a picture of him in Cushing, OK, and those are the barrels--this is what is taking place right now in Cushing.  He was talking about--his quote there, as you can read:       I am directing my administration to make this project a      priority--  He was talking about the Keystone Pipeline--     to go ahead and to get it done.  Well, he made that statement and he came down to hold that meeting in Cushing, OK, to try to make them believe he was actually for a pipeline. He went on to say that he was going to make sure that he was not going to do anything to keep the pipeline from going on further south.  Now, let's get the picture here. You have Cushing, OK, which is right in the middle of the United States, and the pipeline will continue to go south to the Texas coast. Well, he said he was not going to do anything to stop that. There is a good reason for this; that is, he cannot. He does not have any jurisdiction. That did not cross an international boundary. The borders--the international border that it has crossed is in Canada. So that is the area where he is still to this day doing all he can to keep that from being a reality. The southern leg could be finished and he cannot do anything about that.  I mentioned Tom Steyer. I want to put up that chart so people know--in case they have not been introduced. He is probably a very fine person. He has a strong commitment to try to stop fossil fuels. He is the one who made the statement back before the November elections that he was going to raise $100 million--put in $50 million of his own money and raise $50 million in addition to that--and put it in eight campaigns--I think we know probably which campaigns they were--to see whether he could resurrect the issue of global warming and whether he could stop the pipeline.  Well, all that happened back then. I think it is important that people understand that he was not able to--he was willing to put his millions of dollars in, but he could not raise the 50. So instead of that, he put $70 million of his money in the race. This is not me talking; this is all--he is very proud of it. Frankly, I appreciate the fact that he is not trying to hide what he is doing. I know he has some political interests. I know he has a commitment to try to stop the pipeline. I am not sure what that is based on other than just the people to whom he caters.  But nonetheless he has a great deal of influence with this administration. It was reported a couple of weeks ago that he had visited the Obama White House 14 times--that is as of that time--which led a member of the watchdog group Public Citizen to say, ``Tom Steyer has not just got the ear of the President, but he clearly has the President's attention.'' Again, that is this watchdog committee making that statement.  So we are looking at it now. We know that the White House meetings were often with President Obama's counselor and chief environmental advisor, John Podesta. We remember John Podesta from the Clinton administration. He has been a lobbyist now for quite some time. He is very actively involved in this issue. Reports have also surfaced that Steyer and Podesta met with billionaire liberal activist George Soros just days after Steyer made his commitment.  Anyway, that is behind us now. That affected the election, there is no question about that; however, they still lost. If I am guessing right on the races he was involved in, there is not one of those who won. Republicans took over 10 seats. That was quite a good year. So maybe he wasted several million dollars. But when we looked at it and if you think about what he has done to fossil fuels, that has been his war.  Twice today already I have heard people on the floor saying: Well, look at the success the oil industry has had under the Obama administration. Well, I have to suggest that it has been in spite of the Obama administration. The proof is very easy. The revolution that is going on right now within the oil industry is one that has been very successful. On private land and on State land, the amount of production since Obama has been in office has actually increased by 61 percent. That is incredible.  They say: Well, you must be really pro oil and gas because of that.  In reality, all of that, 100 percent of that 61-percent increase has been on State and private land. On public land, the Federal land that he has control over, there has not be an increase of 61 percent or even 6 percent. As a matter of fact, there has been a reduction of 6 percent.  So that is going on and it is all a part of this war that is taking place right now. I am very anxious to see how these votes turn out. I know that people, when they realize the number of jobs that are there, I get very excited about it, and I can't help but think we are going to be successful.  I wish to mention though--I wasn't going to--a person whom I consider to be a very good friend is on the floor, and we have philosophically disagreed with each other about as much as any two people can; that is, the Senator from Vermont.  He is sincere. He believes what he says. Yet some of the things he says I believe are wrong, but he believesthem. I don't want to question whether he is telling what he believes is the truth--and others too.  Another good friend of mine is the Senator from California, Mrs. Boxer. Frankly, I will miss her in the Senate. I understand she has announced her retirement.  But nonetheless, on the issue they are talking about on global warming, I listen and I think: Where do they come up with this stuff?  Because we know for a fact that many of the things that they talk about are not true. We keep hearing that 97 percent of the scientists are saying they believe CO2 is the cause of the catastrophic climate change, the world is coming to an end, and we are all going to die.  This goes back to about 2002 when this became an issue. I will remember this for a long time because that was when the first bills were introduced. At that time everybody thought global warming was true. They were all going to try to do what they could to stop it.  Frankly, at the very first I thought it must be true--that is what everybody said--until they did a study at the Wharton School. Some of their scientists, along with MIT, Charles Rivers and Associates, and others said what the cost would be. Because everybody was talking about the world coming to an end and they asked: But what is cost going to be?  They all agreed on a range, and that range has not been refuted by anyone. The range is between $300 billion and $400 billion a year. I immediately went back to see. Whenever I hear a big number, I go back to Oklahoma and I count the number of people, families who file a Federal income tax return and then I do my math.  That would cost the average person and family in Oklahoma $3,000. So we think: All right. Are we sure we are going to get something for the $3,000?  I will share with you--because a lot of people have forgotten this--that Lisa Jackson was the first Administrator of the EPA who was appointed by President Obama. I asked her on the record, live on TV, in our committee, I said: Now let's assume we passed some of this legislation that puts in cap and trade or do it even by regulation. Is this going to stop CO2 emissions or lower CO2 emissions worldwide?  She said: No.  These are her words, not mine. She said: The reason is the problem isn't here in the United States, the problem is in China, it is in India, it is in Mexico, and it is in other places.  So in the event they were able to do that, then this would not lower it. In fact, we could use the same argument and say if we passed a cap and trade and did something--as they are talking about doing and we have heard on the floor today--then it would have the effect of not reducing but increasing CO2 emissions, and this is why.  As we chase our manufacturing base overseas where they have to somehow find someplace where they can generate electricity, it will be in countries such as China and India where they don't have any of the restrictions in emissions.  So even if someone is a believer that the world is coming to an end, that global warming is going to kill everybody and it is all due to man-made gas, if they truly believe that still, even in spite of that, it is not going to reduce worldwide emissions. I guess that is what they want to do, so we hear about the consensus.  I remember at that time I made a speech on this floor questioning the science. I said: I assume there are scientists out there who are not a part of the IPCC--that is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change--and that those scientists know better. They know what the reality is.  I started getting phone calls. I got phone calls from scientists. On this chart are recognized scientists. There are 58.  Richard Lindzen, I see his picture. He is a scientist at MIT. I think we could argue he would be in contention with the very best informed scientists.  Richard Lindzen said:       Controlling Carbon is a bureaucrat's dream. If you control      carbon, you control life.  Is that real, these people, or what? I remember how upset he was with Al Gore. Richard Lindzen made the statement again--this is him, not me, Richard Lindzen of MIT:       To treat all change as something to fear is bad enough. To      do so in order to exploit that fear is much worse.  Now we have so many things that have happened. Just the other day--it wasn't long ago, I don't have the exact date--one of the universities did a survey of all the weathercasters, and they came back that 63 percent of weathercasters believe any global warming that is occurring is the result of natural variation and not human activities.  To say ``97 percent of scientists'' is just not true, but if you want to believe it badly enough you will. So we have a lot of information.  Nature journal, which is a well-respected journal, in their 2013 paper said that ``there is considerable uncertainty as to whether [increases in extreme climate variability] is occurring.  Munich Reinsurance Company said: ``Global weather related disaster losses have declined by 25% as a proportion of GDP.''  We have all these statements.  The IPCC, they are the ones that are always being quoted, and it is a branch of the United Nations. That is where all this started and certainly it would enure to their benefit to have people believe that we have to look at some international organization such as the United Nations to protect us from all these droughts and all these things that they say are going to happen.  We had another little thing happen recently. I only mention this because nobody has yet on the floor. I think everyone used to believe that everyone was already aware of it, but remember Climategate?  Climategate was when they were having one of the big United Nations parties. It was going to be in Copenhagen. I remember a lot of our people went over there to tell the 191 countries that were participating that the United States was going to pass cap and trade, they were going to do all of these things.  I went over at the very end of it, made my little talk, and assured them that in spite of the fact that President Obama had been there, Secretary Clinton at the time had been there and now-Secretary Kerry and all the rest of them--to say we are not going to be doing it in the United States of America. If anybody believes what they said, that we are going to pass cap and trade, we are not going to do it. They had tried it already. There were 35 Members--and at that time it was a much more liberal Senate than we have today--only 35 would actually vote for something like that.  Incidentally, it was at that time when Climategate came up. Climategate was when they analyzed some of the things IPCC had said, and they had all these quotes and emails that totally debunked the credibility of IPCC. Still today they are talking about it.  To give us an idea, Christopher Booker, with the UK Telegraph, said: ``Worst scientific scandal of our generation.''  That scandal he is talking about is to try to have them make people believe climate change is going to destroy the world.  Clive Crook of the Financial Times said:       The closed mindedness of these supposed men of science . .      . is surprising, even to me. The stink of intellectual      corruption is overpowering.  Again we are talking about Climategate. Nobody talks about it any more, but still this is a fact.  A prominent physicist from the IPCC, who is no longer there, said: ``Climategate was a fraud on a scale I've never seen,'' talking about how they are rigging the information to try to cook the science.  So we have all of these--this is Newsweek. It said: ``Once celebrated climate researchers feeling like the used car salesman.''  ``Some of the IPCC's most quoted data and recommendations were taken straight out of unchecked activist brochures. . . . ''  So these are the things that are going on, and I hope the people, as we develop this right now--we should be concentrating on the vote that is going to be coming up having to do with the pipeline. But as the committee of jurisdiction is looking at this, I can assure you we are going to be having hearings.  One hearing we are going to have is to get some of the best scientistsaround to evaluate and to see what the truth is on the global warming issue.  But in the meantime let's go back to the pipeline. I can't think of any argument against it that is overwhelming, and the mere fact that people say they don't like the Alberta sands or the production, it doesn't mean we in the United States of America are going to stop them from doing it because they will just do it and ship it to China.  So we have a huge issue we are concerned with. I can't think of anything I have seen in the past 4 or 5 years that is going to be producing more jobs in America than this issue.  With that, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Daines). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.  