It doesn't have a policy in Syria. They don't know where we are. He has drawn a line in the sand and just ignored his commitments. We wouldn't have all of these Syrian refugees if we had a policy in the first place.  Secondly, it was this administration's own Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, who said that it is a fact that the refugees who come in from Syria could very well be bringing terrorists into the United States, and I think we need to consider that and consider our citizens before we consider some of the others. There are other options. We could have no-fly zones and have refugees settled in their own country, and that would be a lot safer for America and a lot cheaper.  Anyway, that is not why I am here.  President Obama made a lot of points to the American people in 2010 about how ObamaCare would improve health care for everyone. He said it would lower costs, it would expand access, and it would make health care more affordable for everyone. Yet, 5 years after this law's passage, ObamaCare has only increased premiums and increased deductibles, cut down employee work hours, and threatened the religious liberty of many employers who are providing needed jobs in a slow economy.  Since Obama's disastrous rollout, I have listened to heartbreaking accounts of how ObamaCare has negatively impacted middle-class Oklahoma families. I go back every weekend and I talk to these people. Their budgets are taking the hardest hits. The longer this law has been on the books, the worse the stories have become.  Oklahoman Fred Imel's premium is going from $1,100 a month to $1,700 a month. In fact, it was just announced that next year Oklahomans will see an average increase of 35.7 percent in premium prices, which is the highest in the Nation. That is why I am concerned about this. We have an opportunity, actually, tomorrow to act on something that can change all of this.  In addition, BlueCross BlueShield notified 40,000 Oklahomans earlier thisyear that they will no longer offer their current plans and that policyholders would be forced to move to other plans in the two other networks in the State. Both plan options have fewer participating doctors, hospitals, and other providers. In other words, access to care is going down for these people, all the while costs are going up.  At the same time, many other insurance companies are dropping out of the Affordable Care Act market altogether, leaving Oklahomans with even fewer choices, not more, as President Obama promised back in 2010. In fact, nationwide, ObamaCare offers, on average, 34 percent fewer providers than health care networks outside the exchanges.  But ObamaCare isn't delivering bad news just to Oklahoma. Across the Nation, federally backed co-ops are going under due to ObamaCare. On October 16, the Wall Street Journal had an article that said that these cooperatives are ``collapsing at such a rapid clip that some co-ops and small insurers are forming a coalition to consider legal action to try to change health-law provisions they blame for their financial distress.''  Twelve out of the 23 ObamaCare established co-ops have gone under. More than half of them have gone under, leaving more than 500,000 currently insured Americans to find new insurance once again or face a steep penalty from the Federal Government. These co-ops also received over $1 billion in taxpayer loans from the Federal Government, most of which will never get repaid. So it is really worse economically for this country.  Since the beginning of this Congress, I have sponsored 12 bills to dismantle and fully repeal ObamaCare, and my colleagues and I are committed to maintaining our promise to repeal and replace ObamaCare. This reconciliation bill is a step in that direction. The House passed reconciliation on October 23 with a vote of 240 to 189.  This bill repeals the major components of ObamaCare, including the individual and employer mandate. It also repeals the medical device tax and the Cadillac tax, which is a tax placed on certain high-value, employer-sponsored insurance plans.  The Senate reconciliation bill also takes repeal of ObamaCare a lot further by repealing $1 trillion in ObamaCare taxes and fully repealing the Medicare expansion and all ObamaCare subsidies by 2018.  Importantly, the reconciliation bill also prohibits Federal funding for Planned Parenthood and instead uses that money that is saved by that repeal to increase funding for community health care centers. We hear people talk about health care for woman who are going to be hurt if we get rid of Planned Parenthood, yet we have more than 9,000--9,000--community health centers. These facilities are better equipped to provide women with the health care they need when compared to only 700 Planned Parenthood facilities. So keep in mind that there are 700 Planned Parenthood facilities and 9,000 community health centers, so they actually have the opportunity to get better care.  This issue is of particular importance given the sting videos that were released over the last few months showing the lengths Planned Parenthood affiliates have gone to profit from the sale of fetal tissue following abortions.  Planned Parenthood is a private institution that largely serves urban areas. While abortion may not be the only service they provide, it is what they are primarily known for. Everybody knows that. Whether they have broken the law or not, the taxpayer money they currently receive would be better directed toward the community health centers, which, on a ratio of 12 to 1, would be able to help with women's services.  Life is one of the single most important issues we consider here in the Senate, and I am proud of what we have already done this year. A few months ago, a majority of Senators voted to defund Planned Parenthood. That vote has already taken place. A majority of us here--although the tally did not pass the 60-vote threshold that was necessary to break a filibuster, it did show that more than a majority of Senators support ending subsidies to the largest abortion provider in America.  More important than the Senate's views of this, a majority of the American people support protecting life of the unborn. Every survey demonstrates that very clearly. When I go back home, people say: Why is it that if this is something the American people want, this taking of life continues?  The American people support it, and it is very important to me and my constituents that we do everything possible to protect the sanctity of life. That is among the top reasons why it is necessary to vote for this reconciliation bill. We have the chance to end the Federal financing of the institution that has chopped up babies and negotiated the most profitable price for their organs. There is no moral gray area here.  Let me tell my colleagues something about Oklahoma. I am going to tell my colleagues about how immoral and abrasive ObamaCare has been. In my State of Oklahoma--I was in the State senate back in 1970. I had a good friend then whose name is David Green. He developed a business in his garage--this was in 1970--where he made picture frames. He had only one employee, and then he started growing. Over a period of time, he has grown to where he now has Hobby Lobby. Hobby Lobby has 600 stores, 23,000 employees, and it started in a garage in 1970.  David Green is a real Jesus guy. He loves the Lord. He has his own principles, his own morality, and his employees do too. So ObamaCare came along and required a contraceptive type of pill taken after fertilization that is very similar--it is a type of abortion, in the eyes of this man. Well, he refused to force his employees to do that.  ObamaCare--the Federal Government--came along and they sued him and they--no, they were fining him $1 million a day--$1 million a day for refusing to take human life. He filed a suit. Now, keep in mind, $1 million a day. He went to district court, and he won the case by a close decision over ObamaCare. Then they appealed the case to the circuit court. He won there, and he won ultimately in the U.S. Supreme Court by a split vote of 5 to 4. Here is a guy who is willing to risk $1 million a day because he knew what was morally right. This is something that actually happened.  I will tell my colleagues, we have to get rid of ObamaCare and get out of the abortion business. We will have that chance tomorrow.  I yield the floor.  