Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Just to make the very clear point to my colleagues, this section 901 creates a brand new program that, until this legislation is enacted, has not existed. I authored section 901, and the emphasis is on surgical repair. We have 2 million women who are in dire need of repair--the walking wounded--and it takes a very modest amount of money to effectuate the repair of their damaged bodies so, again, they can get their lives back.  Secondly, the gentleman from New York's (Mr. Crowley) amendment, wittingly or unwittingly, will preclude a number of faith-based hospitals--language that he added that at first blush looked okay but upon further scrutiny and study, we found that it was a major problem. There are at least four hospitals, one in Uganda, Congo, Ethiopia, and in Bangladesh, that would be denied fistula funding, because under Crawley, inclusion of contraception is absolutely mandatory. It should be discretionary. These are proposed fistula centers pursuant to AID's plan to role out and to implement. So we are talking about those who could provide fistula services being told they cannot have the money.  Let me also point out to my friends and colleagues that the U.S. spends about $450 million in overseas family planning per year in the budget. Nobody is touching that. That will go forward in FY '06. Some of that money can be used to try to prevent and repair fistula and to incorporate the two. But let me point out to my colleagues, that my language says the centers may include: ``Activities to expand abstinence education, postponement of marriage'' and ``expand access to family planning services.'' That is my amendment. Expand access to family planning services. It is discretionary however. I would suspect that some--maybe most--of the fistula centers will do just that. But there are faith-based health centers for which that is a problem, and we want to get this fistula repair program out to as many women as humanly possible.  Let me just tell my colleagues as well if they vote against this amendment, they are also voting against $2.5 million in addition to what is in the bill to expand surgical repairs for these women.  