Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding me time, and I congratulate him for his courage in leading the battle on this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, 90 percent of the hospitals in the United States today refuse to abort unborn children, and the trend is for hospitals to divest themselves of this violence against children.  It is outrageous that as hospitals in our country repudiate abortion, the Davis amendment seeks to turn our overseas military hospitals into abortion mills. With all due respect to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Davis), the amendment she offers will result in babies being brutally killed by abortion. It will harm women, and it will force pro-life Americans to facilitate and subsidize the slaughter of innocent children.  We want no part of the carnage.  Abortion is violence against children and it harms women. Some methods of abortion dismember and rip apart the fragile little bodies of children. Other methods chemically poison kids. Abortion has turned children's bodies into burned corpses, the direct result of the caustic effect of the chemicals.  Now we learn, Mr. Chairman, from science and from medicine that due to the nerve cell development, unborn children from at least 20 weeks onward, and most likely even earlier, feel excruciating pain. They feel pain, two to four times more pain than you and I would feel from the same assault.  One of those methods depicted to my left on this poster board, the D and E method, it is a common, later-term method of abortion, takes about 30 minutes to commit as the arms and the legs and the torso are painfully hacked into pieces. Interestingly, Mr. Chairman, the partial-birth abortion legal trials in various courts around the country drew attention to the pain issue that children feel during an abortion.  Dr. Sunny Anand, Director of the Pain Neurobiology Lab at Arkansas Children's Hospital said, ``The human fetus possesses the ability to experience pain from 20 weeks of gestation onward, if not earlier, and the pain that is perceived by a fetus is more intense than that perceived by newborns or by older children.'' He went on to explain that the pain inhibitory mechanisms, in other words, the fibers that dampen and modulate the pain or the experience of it, do not begin to develop until about 32 to 34 weeks.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, Dr. Alveda King, niece of the late Dr. Martin Luther King, has said, ``How can the dream survive if we murder the children?''  Dr. King, who has had an abortion herself, but is now pro-life and bravely speaks out, says, ``We can no longer sits idly by and allow this horrible spirit of murder to cut down and cut away our unborn. This is the day to choose life,''  Dr. King goes on to say, ``We must allow our babies to live. If the dream of Dr. Martin Luther King is to live, our babies must live.''  There is nothing benign or nurturing or curing about abortion. It is violence against children. It dismembers them. It chemically poisons them.  Vote down the Davis amendment.  