I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Chairman, let me just say to my colleagues, the July 7 attacks in London, I believe, served as a chilling reminder of what is at stake in the global war against terrorism. We must fight this war, a war that we never sought, but which has been declared against our country and against our citizens; and we must fight in a way so as to win.  The amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) underscores the resolve to do just that. Since the first prisoners were brought to the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba in January of 2002, this base has provided a secure location for holding terrorists captured on the battlefield in Afghanistan and from the many other places around the globe where we have obtained custody of suspected terrorists. It has provided a place where these people could be kept from returning to combat.  The gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) a moment ago talked about the 12 detainees who were released and then returned to combat; two, I understand, in Afghanistan; and at least one that was killed in a firefight. We are talking about terrorists who went right back to attempts to kill Americans.  Mark Jacobson, a former special assistant for detainee policy at the Department of Defense, estimated that as many as 25 of the 202 released had taken up arms again.  For example, Mullah Shahzada, a former Taliban field commander who apparently convinced officials at Guantanamo that he had sworn off violence, was freed in 2003, and immediately rejoined the Taliban. He was subsequently killed in battle in the summer of 2004 in Afghanistan. Maulvi Ghafar, a Taliban commander captured in 2001, was released in February 2004. He was subsequently killed in a shootout with Afghan government forces in September 2004. Abdullah Mesud, a Pakistani who was captured fighting alongside the Taliban in Afghanistan, bragged that he was able to hide his true identity for two years at Guantanamo before being released in March 2004. He was considered a low-risk security threat because of his artificial leg. After retuning to Pakistan, Mesud led a group of Islamic militants--part of a campaign againstthe Pakistani government--that kidnapped two Chinese engineers working on a dam. One of the engineers and several militants were subsequently killed in a government raid. Mesud is still at large.  Mr. Chairman, Guantanamo is a place where crucial intelligence could be gathered that could help the United States understand the operating methods, patterns, financing, tactical skills and training of these terrorists. This information is critical to preventing future terrorist attacks and, in the long run, critical to developing a strategic vision for combating this new enemy.  At the same time, Mr. Chairman, those who are held in Guantanamo must be treated, without exception, humanely. There must be zero tolerance for torture or degrading or inhumane or cruel treatment, and Congress does have a moral responsibility to ensure that that is the case. And I, like many of my colleagues, have gone down to Guantanamo to see for myself, to provide oversight, to ask the tough questions and to try to get answers to those questions.  I would point out to my colleagues as well that in last year's defense authorization bill, Public Law 108-375, this body unambiguously stated that it is the sense of Congress that, and I quote it, ``no detainee shall be subject to torture or cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment that is prohibited by the Constitution, laws or treaties of the United States.''  Moreover, that law requires the Secretary of Defense to take steps to ensure that policies are adopted to ensure the humane treatment of detainees and that all DOD commanders have adequate training regarding the law of war and Geneva Convention obligations, and that standard operating procedures regarding detainees be established.  Mr. Chairman, finally, just let me say that the U.S. must continue to fight this war on terrorism on every front. We must not let complacency lead us to lower our guard. We must fight this war in a way that is consistent, however, with fundamental principles.  And I think the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) has offered us a resolution that tries to make that clear.  