Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 193, which expresses support for the courageous advocates of freedom in Cuba, who are gathering ten days from now in Havana for the first Assembly to Promote the Civil Society conference which will focus on bringing democracy, liberty, and the rule of law to this enslaved island.  Madam Speaker, in recent years, this House has overwhelmingly passed numerous resolutions condemning the egregious human rights violations of the Castro regime. These violations, which have been continually cited through comprehensive, compelling reports, include the pervasive use of torture and vicious beatings of political prisoners. We know that this year the UN Convention on Human Rights in Geneva also passed a resolution condemning the government of Cuba's deplorable human rights record.  Today, we celebrate those brave Cubans who have been undaunted by Castro's reign of terror and who continue to speak out fearlessly for freedom in Cuba. Mr. Speaker, I note that on March 3, three of the main organizers of the Assembly to Promote the Civil Society testified via telephone at a joint hearing I chaired with the Africa, Global Human Rights, and International Operation Subcommittee and the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. The hearing was appropriately entitled ``Year Two of Castro's Brutal Crackdown on Dissidents.''  The three who spoke at this hearing were Martha Beatriz Roque, an internationally renowned Cuban economist; Felix Bonne, a Cuban engineering professor; and Rene Gomez Manzano, a Cuban attorney. All three have spent time in Cuba's prisons for their pro-democracy activities and co-authored a book, ``The Homeland Belongs to Us.'' The courage they demonstrated through testifying was truly inspiring and they provided a tremendous witness of the desire of the Cuban people to be free.  Martha Beatriz Roque was arrested in the now infamous March 2003 crackdown of Cuba's bravest and brightest were rounded up, paraded before kangaroo courts on trumped up charges and given harsh prison sentences with sickening speed. She was sentenced to 20 years in prison but released in July of 2004 because of poor health. In an interview after her release, Roque said: ``I leave prison without having accepted any sort of conditions. I am a dissident and I will remain one.''  Madam Speaker, we gather today in support of Roque, Bonne, Manzano, and these other brave leaders as they prepare for this historic event. I have been invited to participate in the Assembly to Promote the Civil Society and sent my visa application through the Department of State to Cuba through the US Interest Section.  Madam Speaker, I note that in March of 2003, I also requested to travel to Cuba along with my colleague, Congressman Frank Wolf, but we were denied visas. This is a regime that has strongly advocated for trade and travel with the United States, and yet the government of Cuba would not give visas to two Members of Congress, each of whom have served in the House of Representatives for nearly 25 years.  What do they hide? What do they fear?  I hope that the Cuban government will allow me to travel. I hope to be with the brave leaders of freedom in Cuba on this day of peaceful advocacy. The world will be watching next week Mr. Speaker, and I hope that the regime will allow this event to take place. If they fail to do so, they will continue to experience alienation from the world community.  Our hopes and prayers are with the brave leaders of the Assembly to Promote the Civil Society next week. I urge my colleagues to strongly support this resolution that supports the brave advocates for freedom in Cuba.  