Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Royce) for his outstanding work on this issue, and I rise in strong support of the gentlewoman from California's (Ms. Watson) very important amendment.  Mr. Chairman, in August of 2003, the Government of Nigeria, at the urging of the governments of the United States and Great Britain, gave asylum to then-Liberian President Charles Taylor. The purpose was to prevent further bloodshed and to allow for a transition back to a democratically elected government in Liberia. The deal was struck in spite of the indictment of Taylor by the Special Court for Sierra Leone in June of that year on 17 counts of war crimes, including mass murder, sexual slavery, rape, hostage-taking, amputations, forced conscriptions of children and adults, arson, looting, and many other abuses of human rights.  Nevertheless, the action by the Nigerian Government likely saved thousands of lives and is providing at least a chance for free elections in Liberia in October. However, the deal was not without conditions, and there is ample evidence that Charles Taylor has violated this asylum agreement.  For example, Taylor is alleged to be cooperating with international terrorist organizations. He is engaged in illicit trade in blood diamonds in violation of U.N. sanctions and is linked to the proliferation of small arms throughout the region. He has also destabilized the entire subregion of West Africa, leaving thousands dead and millions displaced in its wake.  Nigerian President Obasanjo refuses to end the asylum agreement, however, unless there is irrefutable evidence of violations by Taylor. I would point out to my colleagues that on March 17, Kofi Annan reported to the Security Council that Taylor's former military commanders, party leaders, and business associates maintain regular contact with him and are planning to undermine Liberia's return to democracy.  I urge strong support for this amendment. It is an outstanding one.  A few days later, Jacques Klein, the UN Special Representative to the Secretary-General on Liberia confirmed that Taylor is ``still very, much involved'' in Liberian politics.  Outgoing Chief Prosecutor for the Sierra Leone Court, David Crane continues to accuse Taylor of ``ruling the country from his house arrest in Calabar'' In southern Nigeria.  So, yes President Obasanjo, there is plenty of evidence that Charles Taylor has violated the terms of his asylum. Has he continued to destabilize not only Liberia, but also Cote d'Ivoire and Guinea? That has yet to be proven in court, but there is enough evidence for him to be sent to the court in Sierra Leone to find out.  President Bush raised this issue with President Obasanjo at a meeting in May, but U.S. policy must consist of more than a brief discussion. Whatever evidence we have must be shared with the Nigerian government, and then they must make up their mind if they want to continue in the direction of helping West Africa to heal or if they want to close their eyes to continued interference and further upheaval.  Surely, the time has come for Charles Taylor's reign of terror in the region to reach its final, conclusive end.  The Acting CHAIRMAN. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Watson).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chairman announced that the ayes appeared to have it.  