Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I would like to begin by thanking the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Stearns), my good friend and colleague, for authoring this resolution. The gentleman is a Member who is considerably schooled in the Far East and knows well the effects which the war in the Pacific had, not only on Japan, but on other nations in the region.  The gentleman from Florida is also a senior member of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and I know that he has been a leader in ensuring that no veteran is ever left behind. He is also the author of the Millennium Health Care Act, which puts a special emphasis on providing long-term health care, especially to our World War II veterans. So it is very fitting, I think, that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Stearns) is the author of this resolution, and I thank the gentleman for introducing it.  Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 360 is a resolution that recognizes the 60th anniversary of victory in the Pacific during World War II, V-J Day.  Mr. Speaker, 60 years ago the guns fell silent and the world was able to begin the process of, paraphrasing Abraham Lincoln at Gettysburg when he said, we will bind up our Nation's wounds when we begin the very difficult and arduous process of binding up the world's wounds. The loss of life was indeed staggering; the process of rebuilding seemingly insurmountable. But just as Americans had rallied in war, Americans rallied in peace as well.  This resolution reiterates the simple, but very powerful, message that our Nation honors and deeply appreciatesthe men and women who served in the Pacific Theatre during World War II, and we especially remember and pay tribute to those Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country.  Mr. Speaker, we take this opportunity to honor those individuals who gave their lives in the Pacific Theatre and thank all veterans of World War II. During the war, several million members of the United States Armed Forces fought in the Pacific, including the chairman of the International Relations Committee, our distinguished friend and colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde). This was one of the largest military forces ever committed by the U.S. in any theatre of operation.  I would also briefly pay tribute to my own late father, who saw horrific combat starting in New Guinea and ending in the Philippines. My dad was tough as nails but had a very gentle heart, and he was like so many of those combat veterans that I have met over the many years who absolutely hated war, but felt it was his duty to defend freedom and to defend America.  This resolution recognizes the staggering deaths and casualties and the struggle by military forces and civilians of the allied powers during the epic struggle for the control of the Pacific. It also recognizes that since the war Japan has become a free and prosperous democracy and has become a valued partner in the process of standing tall against despotism and oppression.  This is an occasion, Mr. Speaker, to remember and to commemorate. We must remember why the war was fought, remember the victims and the heroes, and thank those who fought so hard and sacrificed so much. I join millions of Americans participating in thousands of events all across the United States, many of which have already been held, and around the world, in observing and honoring the courage of American servicemembers, allied soldiers, and home front workers. This truly was the greatest generation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of our time.  