Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, 14 years ago, Albania was just emerging from decades of brutal isolation from Europe when they held their first genuinely contested elections in 1991. Not surprisingly, they fell short of the standards for free and fair elections as defined by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, or OSCE, as did subsequent elections for parliament and local government. The United States and other friends of Albania, however, remained engaged with the Albanian people throughout their turbulent transition.  Today, Albania is at the point where the country can actually hold free and fair elections, something the citizens of that country deeply deserve. Parliamentary elections have been scheduled, as Members of this House know, for July 3, and the campaign period is well underway. Staff in the U.S. Helsinki Commission, which I co-chair, will be serving on the international observation mission. Albania has come far in reforming its election process and through these elections has the opportunity to jump a major hurdle not only towards completion of its transition to democracy, but in preparing for integration into European and Euro-Atlantic institutions.  There is good reason to remain concerned, however, that the elections will fall short of international standards. The good things that have been adopted, such as the Code of Conduct adopted by key political parties, may not be carried out. The OSCE's election observer mission has reported receiving an increased number of allegations of legal misuse of state resources and personnel for campaign purposes. If found to be true, those engaged in this activity would be responsible for what would be regarded as a tremendous setback for the country.  Hopefully, by passing this resolution, we can encourage Albanian authorities to respect the rule of law, to abide by their Code of Conduct, and respect the results of the upcoming election. When my colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel), and I first introduced this resolution, it was with the expectation the U.S. Congress could constructively make a difference by calling on the authorities, political parties, and others to do the right thing so that the real winners in the elections will be the people of Albania who make the effort to vote.  Finally, I am hopeful these elections will meet international standards, because that is one of the first steps Albania will need to take on the path to full Euro-Atlantic integration.  The new Albanian government will also need to tackle problems relating to official corruption and organized crime. Fortunately, beyond a good election process, we must see the development of civil society in Albania, with the youth groups and others pressing elected officials to address the every day problems that plague the lives of Albanian citizens.  I hope my colleagues will support this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  