Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the distinguished majority leader.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time, and I really thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Delahunt) for bringing this bill to the floor and particularly the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith) for working hard to make sure it was all right and well. These three gentlemen have worked tirelessly on children's issues, particularly this issue. It is a thankless issue.  Just like people in the United States do not want to talk about abused and neglected children in foster care, people around the world, and particularly governments, do not want to recognize that sex trafficking is going on, slavery is going on, and actual exploitation of children and women is going on around the world. These three men have worked tirelessly on the thankless job to raise this issue, an issue this is vitally important to the lives of many, many people.  Last December, the United Nations Under Secretary for Humanitarian Relief reported that cases of sexual abuse and exploitation by U.N. peacekeeping and humanitarian personnel had reached an unacceptable level.  Victims of natural disasters and civil wars, especially children, are among the most vulnerable people on Earth.  In many places around the world, the security of homes, families and lives rely on the compassion and commitment of international relief organizations. As anyone who has ever seen them in action could tell my colleagues, the men and women who devote their lives to this work, who travel at a moment's notice to help total strangers, survive in desperate straits, arrive on such scenes with wings on their backs.  The very thought that such people could prey upon the women and children under their care is disturbing in the extreme, and yet we must now sadly admit such cases have occurred.  Victims of disasters need our help, and the American people always respond to humanitarian crises with compassion and generosity. That any of our generosity for these victims might be twisted into revictimizing them will not stand.  Assistance must reach those in need of relief, and it must be delivered by organizations and individuals committed to their safety. That is what this bill will do.  The Humanitarian Assistance Code of Conduct Act, the result of cooperation from humanitarian relief organizations, administration officials, and especially the work of the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Delahunt) will ensure that from now on the American people need not accept a choice between indifference and abuse.  It will require any organization receiving humanitarian assistance funds from the United States Government adopt a strict code of conduct for its relief workers.  It will prohibit humanitarian relief workers from engaging in sexual contact with minors, soliciting prostitution, and in other ways exploiting the women and children of disaster-ravaged communities.  Such organizations must strongly discourage any sexual relationships between relief workers and beneficiaries and will immediately terminate any worker who crosses the line.  The best of such groups already adhere to the principles in this bill, groups that have assisted in its development, groups that set a gold standard for every aspect of humanitarian activity; and the adoption of these principles by more and more groups will help eradicate the behavior they specifically prohibit.  This code of conduct will help identify and document at-risk children in devastated regions, reducing the likelihood that such children will fall through the cracks and into the dark world of exploitation, abuse, and even human trafficking.  It is sickening that this bill even merits consideration, Mr. Speaker; but in order to protect some of the world's most vulnerable people, consider it and pass it we must.  The exploitation of women and children who have already lived misery few of us could even imagine at the hands of their would-be rescuers is a corruption of humanity itself. Those responsible for such evil are terrorists of the soul, Mr. Speaker, their crimes of a sort civilization cannot brook.  I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the gentleman from Massachusetts' (Mr. Delahunt) bill and reminding the world the only acceptable level of abuse and exploitation of human life is none.  I, too, want to thank the staff, particularly my staff, Dr. Cassie Bevan, in working on this, the staff of the Committee on International Relations on both sides; and certainly the gentleman from Massachusetts' (Mr. Delahunt) staff did excellent work on this issue.  This is an issue that people have to pay attention to, and hopefully this bill will help.  