Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I want to point out to my colleagues and remind them that last July, July 20 to be exact, by a vote of 351-78, the House passed a very comprehensive piece of legislation, H.R. 2601, the Foreign Relations Authorization Act for fiscal years 2006 and 2007. That bill, regrettably, is stalled over in the other body, so this is a much scaled-down version that will provide some very important authorities to the Department of State, and I will just briefly outline that bill at this point.  First, H.R. 4436 provides for U.S. participation in the Regional Emerging Disease Intervention Center, or REDI Centers, in Singapore. This provision will allow the U.S. Government to detail Health and Human Services infectious disease experts to the center to work with their Asian counterparts, by providing training and research to prevent and respond to disease outbreaks and bioterror attacks, such as the avian flu and SARS. Not only will this help prevent the spread of the epidemic abroad, it will also be a vital step in protecting American citizens at home from this and other deadly viruses.  Second, H.R. 4436 addresses key personnel issues which will strengthen the Department of State's ability to manage its people and resources. I have always believed, Mr. Speaker, that personnel is policy, and how we take care of our foreign service officers abroad, many of whom operate under dangerous and difficult conditions, has great impact on how the U.S. is perceived abroad. H.R. 4436 increases the maximum post-differential and danger pay allowance that may be given to an FSO of the Department of State to 35 percent of base pay, bringing it in line with allowances offered to USAID personnel.  Other provisions will restore grievance rights to those being separated for cause and provides funding for educational expenses for dependents of the Broadcasting Board of Governors personnel stationed at the Northern Mariana Islands if the board determines that the commonwealth schools are unable to be recognized as an adequate education.  I would just point out that, earlier, we had a very good briefing with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who spoke to that very issue of the difficulty of attracting experienced State Department personnel for those overseas missions that have great risk affixed to them. She was very glad to hear that this bill would be coming to the floor, as my good friend and colleague, Mr. Lantos, who was there at that briefing, heard as well.  Third, the bill makes discretionary the convening of an Accountability Review Board in the case of an incident involving serious injury, loss of life or significant destruction of property at or related to a U.S. Government mission in Afghanistan or Iraq. In lieu of such a board, the Secretary of State may conduct an inquiry and submit a report on the incident to the House International Relations and Senate Foreign Relations Committees.  Lastly, the bill amends section 904 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 to enable the State Department to retain medical insurance reimbursements in the year in which they are collected, strengthening the Department's management tools and ability to provide emergency medical services for its employees abroad.  In conclusion, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. It gives our diplomatic service the resources it needs in this post-9/11 environment to promote U.S. interests and values abroad and to protect American citizens right here at home.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  