Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  This legislation that we bring to the floor is a comprehensive bill, 332 pages long. It will probably grow significantly during the course of the day because there are a number of amendments that will be offered and I believe accepted.  As chairman of the Africa, Global Human Rights, and International Operations Subcommittee and as author of H.R. 2601, I am very proud of the way we worked in a bipartisan way on crafting this legislation. I point out to my colleagues that this legislation has been crafted over the course of several months. I chaired eight hearings at which we looked at various component parts of this bill and policies related to this bill, and the full committee met twice to consider the State Department request and the other associated requests that are contained within this legislation. I would point out to my colleagues that I know I have had amendments in the past that were not made in order over my last 25 years as a Member of Congress. It is always disappointing. But there were 10 amendments considered by our subcommittee. And then when we moved to full committee, there were 52 additional amendments considered. Today we have another 38 that will be considered as well. So this bill will be subjected to an enormous number of amendments, and I think that is good and healthy and very important.  I would point out to my colleagues that the bill passed the committee 42 to zero. People on the left and on the right, conservatives, moderates, and liberals, came together realizing that we had crafted a truly bipartisan piece of legislation for our Foreign Relations Authorization Act.  We often debate money on the floor, and having the monetary resources necessary to carry out our foreign policy tasks are indeed critical. But equally if not more important, it is how we spend the money. This authorization measure contains important new foreign policy directives and reflects a consensus on both sides of the aisle. Together we have produced a very strong piece of legislation that protects our national interests abroad, robustly funds our public diplomacy efforts, and promotes those values that we hold dear such as the protection of human rights, support for democracy, and assistance to those in crisis or in need.  H.R. 2601 fully funds the operations of the Department of State, especially its diplomatic operations abroad, and meets the President's budget request. It authorizes $22.3 billion over 2 years plus for the Department of State, international broadcasting activities, international assistance programs, and related agencies.  Again, I hope my colleagues will support the rule and the bill when it comes to the floor.  