Mr. Speaker, Marie Smith, my dear wife of 27 years and mother of our four wonderful children, turns 50 on Monday, April 25.  And although I've known, deeply loved and cherished Marie for more than three decades, I find that mere words are inadequate to convey just how remarkable, unique and special she is.  She's amazing.  Marie Smith is a strong woman of abiding faith in Christ, rock solid character, generosity and goodness. She radiates the love and compassion of Christ to family, friends and strangers alike with a gentle piety and grace. She has class and self-confidence yet is humble and extremely kind. She always looks out for the underdog--especially a child left behind.  Marie has a great sense of humor and always makes people feel at ease and welcome. I just love the way she laughs and smiles. She is my best friend--and I love her so.  Marie and I met in 1974 at a prayer meeting at college. For me, it was love at first sight. For her, well, it took a while. We worked on pro-life issues--she eventually became president of the organization--and early on recognized the life changing core value found in Matthew's Gospel, the 25th chapter, when Jesus said ``Whatsoever you do to the least of My brethren, you do unto Me.'' We grew to understand that God Himself identified with--was one with--anyone, anywhere who was weak, vulnerable, unwanted or disenfranchised. That meant unborn babies killed by abortion, their moms, the hungry, trafficked women, the homeless, disabled and sick persons and others who are being exploited or are at risk. That meant all of the ``least'' were all of infinite value and worth to God. It revolutionized our private and public lives.  An honor student in both high school and college and a voracious reader, Marie is very smart and has that rare quality that enables her to grasp, understand and solve complex problems. She often ``sleeps on a problem'' and awakes in the morning with the answer. She is very creative and effectively thinks both inside and outside the box. Her advice and counsel over the years have been priceless.  In the early years, Marie worked as a first grade teacher at St. Hedwig's School in Trenton and thrived on it before devoting herself fulltime to the upbringing of our kids. Today, she works for Feminists for Life and pours herself into efforts to protect women and children from violence and cruelty.  Our two girls and two boys richly benefited from Marie's warmth, kindness and dedication. She was always there for them. Always. Melissa, Chris, Mike and Elyse always knew--and know--beyond a shadow of a doubt that they were number one in her life--our lives--and that there were no favorites in our household.  Marie is the quintessential multi-tasker--teacher, nurse, chef and homework checker as well as soccer, baseball, lacrosse and basketball Mom.  Our kids have always known, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that they are much loved, much wanted, much cared for and much prayed for. It is both a comfort and encouragement to know that Marie intercedes for and gives thanks to the Lord unceasingly for our family and our friends.  Our kids greatly value and appreciate their mother, and I now defer to them to elaborate:       This April 25th, I am so happy to celebrate my mom's 50th      birthday. The world is certainly a better place because of      her! Mom has been the steady rock in my and my siblings'      lives--always there with an answer, suggestion, open ear,      love and support. She sincerely mourns our disappointments      and enthusiastically celebrates our accomplishments. Mom has      helped me find my way through the many choices and challenges      that are inevitable in the formative years, and as a married      adult now, I still often seek her advice, and will continue      to do so.       Mom's ``can-do'' outlook makes anything possible, whether      it's a stubborn word problem, science fair project, search      for the perfect prom dress, or wedding centerpieces. She      always poses thoughtful suggestions and selflessly offers      help until the task is done or the decision is made. Her      patience and flexibility are unceasing, or at least always      seem to be!       Mom brings special touches into everyday life--notes in      lunches, candy found in a suitcase while traveling, favorite      treats for no reason, and thoughtful unexpected gestures that      remind me just how much she really knows me. Holidays and      special occasions are always made extra special, the      essential part being that the family is together. I have      learned from my mom the value of family, and the importance      of unconditional love and total faith in Christ.       In our house my mom had a sign that read, ``Home is where      the heart is.'' And while I love the house I grew up in, I      know that ``home'' will always be where Mom is--for     she is the heart of our family.--Melissa Smith Clement.       The way Mom tucked me in at night always brought pleasant      dreams.       On waking, my groggy head would hear her laughter and      wonder, ``How is anyone so joyful in the morning?''       Throughout the day I would watch her with affection. Her      love went into even the simplest of things. I was always      moved by the tenderness with which she read a book, folded a      shirt, or made a sandwich.       Now when I hear her laugh, it conveys her innocence; the      years must make her younger. Do you see the confidence in her      stride? The years must make her wiser. Judging by the length      of her smile, her heart must be growing bigger.       I celebrate my mom on this day in April, celebrate my mom      every day.--Chris Smith.       The most reliable and compassionate. The most outgoing and      joyous. My mother is more than I could ask for. She has      always given everything she possibly could without a second      thought. She has always gone above and beyond to show her      love for my siblings and me. I love her so much and wish her      a happy birthday!--Mike Smith.       This week, we will be celebrating the 50th birthday of my      mom. For 50 years she has brought love and joy to each person      she has met, most especially her family. Her gentle kindness      and patient understanding communicates her deep love for her      family. She does not just take care of our family physically,      but spiritually and emotionally. I cannot count how many      times she was the shoulder to cry on when one of us kids had      a bad day, or how many words of praise she showered us with      when we did well in school or in sports. She is always there      with words to guide us in our lives and in our faith.       As I have grown older, I have come to realize what an      intelligent, wise and loving woman Mom is. Each day she gives      of herself for our family and sets an example for us a      Christ-centered life. She inspires us to turn to God and      trust in His care. Mom is not afraid to stand up for her      beliefs, and she has dedicated her life to living the Gospel      of Christ. It is impossible to adequately describe the love      and care which Mom selflessly gives each day. I feel      sincerely blessed to call such a wonderful woman ``mom'' and      I pray that she will have many more birthdays in the years to      come. I love you Mom!--Elyse Smith.