 President, I would like to note that there are some things happening around here of late that make me wonder if we are in an episode of the X-Files. I am troubled with the mysterious appearance and disappearance of funds within the conference report for Military Construction. In the effort to develop an emergency spending package, the House included money for meth lab clean-up. It voted on money. The Senate-passed bill had money for meth lab clean-up. Both Houses of Congress recognized that there was a real emergency. Both bodies recognized the need to provide emergency money to DEA to help pay for the costs of cleaning up the toxic waste dumps caused by illegal meth production.  I and other members of this body have been concerned for some time about this problem. We have written the President, the head of the Office of Management and Budget, the Attorney General, and the Majority Leader and members of the Committee on Appropriations. The Majority Whip of the Senate had an emergency meth spending item accepted as part of the bill passed by the Senate. But it seems we've had a case of alien abduction. All--all the meth money disappeared in conference and no one seems to know how or why. The House included money. The Senate included money. The conference to reconcile the differences, however, included no money. What this means is strange math in which one plus one equals zero.  Mr. President, I have participated in various conferences with the other body, and I know they can be complicated affairs. Strong disagreements can exist over how to phrase a section,or how much funding this particular project should receive. But there have always been some guidelines governing a conference. First, you are working toward a compromise. This means, by definition, you are not going to get everything you want. However, it also means you will get something that will work. Second, in a conference, you aren't starting from scratch. Each body has reviewed, debated, and passed a version of legislation--a starting point, if you will, for compromise.  These compromises, often difficult to arrive at, are worked out behind closed doors. Out of the watchful eye of the public. Legislating can be an ugly process, and often negotiations continue in a much more open and frank manner in private than under the media microscope. But compromise should not be the occasion for legislating afresh, for ignoring the expressed intent of majorities in both Houses.  Looking through the Military Construction Appropriations bill this last week, I was distressed at some of the items I found that seem to have magically appeared. 6 C-130Js and a new Gulf Stream 5 for the Coast Guard, for example. So far as I know, the Coast Guard did not ask for a Gulf Stream, and we did not vote for one. But there it is.  At the same time, it seems that needed funds to support the DEA's continued assistance to State and local law enforcement agencies to clean up methamphetamine labs have disappeared--and no one seems to know where it went.  Heading into the conference, it was clear what the situation was. The House had provided $15 million in emergency funds for needed methamphetamine lab-cleanup. The Senate provided a total of $50 million for meth-related activities by the DEA--$10 million was added in Committee, and an additional $40 million was adopted on the floor for ``initiatives to combat methamphetamine production and trafficking.'' So you would think--I certainly thought--that the conferees would return with some funding--most likely between $15 and $50 million--for meth lab clean-up.  But something happened in the conference. Someone waved a magic wand, and ``Poof!'' The money is gone. Where did it go? The conferees don't know. Why is it gone? The sponsors of the funds don't know. I don't know. Inquiries have left me feeling like Jimmy Stewart commenting on the evidence in his case in the 1959 movie classic, ``Anatomy of a Murder,'' where he notes evidence appears and disappears in a ghostly fashion. But what I do know is that I have to explain this to my constituents--to the law enforcement agencies in Iowa who are dependent upon these funds to support their clean up efforts of these mini environmental catastrophes. I am not alone.  All of this funding hocus pocus I find to be very troubling. I hope we can solve the mystery and avoid its like in the future.  