 President, I want to take this time during the debate on the bankruptcy bill to give a little bit of history on bankruptcy reform. I want to say a few words about how we thought about the proper role of bankruptcy over the course of our Nation's history.  Congress' authority to create bankruptcy legislation derives from the body of the Constitution, article I, section 8, clause 4, authorizing Congress to establish ``uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.''  Until 1898, we did not have permanent bankruptcy laws in our country. The previous bankruptcy laws that were on the books throughout that early 100 years were temporary reactions to particular economic problems, and with each successive bankruptcy act and each major reform of our bankruptcy laws, we refined our conception of how bankruptcies should promote the important social goal of giving honest but very unfortunate Americans a fresh economic start, while at the same time after giving that fresh start guarding against the moral hazard of making bankruptcy too lax, easy, and in fact encouraging bankruptcy.  Right now, I think we have a situation where too many Americans see bankruptcy as an easy way out. A huge majority of Americans recently told pollsters that bankruptcy is too easy and more socially acceptable than a few years ago.  I refer to the chart from Penn and Schoen Associates. The question they ask: ``Is bankruptcy more socially acceptable than a few years ago?'' You get an overwhelming 84 percent who say, gee, it is more socially acceptable. As few as 10 percent say that it is not more socially acceptable, and 6 percent said they did not have an opinion.  A very dramatically high proportion of the American people know that the present policies of bankruptcy in this country are not right, and they tend to encourage people to file for bankruptcy.  The bill we are considering today and tomorrow and will hopefully pass at 4 o'clock tomorrow under the unanimous consent agreement proposes fundamental reforms which are a logical outgrowth and an extension of our prior bankruptcy reform efforts.  From 1898 until 1938--a 40-year period of time--consumers had only one way to declare bankruptcy. It was called in the terms of the profession ``straight bankruptcy.'' Today we refer to it as ``chapter 7'' bankruptcy. Under chapter 7, which is still in existence, bankrupts surrendered some of their assets to the bankruptcy court. The court then sold those assets--today, for that matter--and used the proceeds to pay creditors. Any deficiency then is automatically wiped out.  In 1932, the President recommended changes to the bankruptcy laws which would push wage earners into repayment plans. In the 1930s--in fact, specifically in 1938--Congress then created a chapter 13 in addition to a chapter 7. Chapter 13 permits but does not require a debtor to repay a portion of his or her debts in exchange for limited debt cancellation and protection for debt collectors' efforts.  Chapter 13 is still on the books to this day, although it has been modified several times. Most notably, modification to it came in the year 1978.  Under current law, the choice between chapter 7 and chapter 13 is entirely voluntary.  In the late 1960s, Senator Albert Gore, Sr.--the father of the Vice President of the United States--introduced legislation to push people into the repayment plans. This proposal was reported to the Senate as a part of a bankruptcy tax bill passed by the Finance Committee. But it ultimately died in the Senate.  Later, in the mid-1980s, Senator Dole on the part of the Senate and Congressman Mike Synar on the part of the House tried to steer higher income bankrupts--those who could pay some of their debt--into chapter 13. The efforts of Senator Dole and Congressman Synar ultimately resulted in the creation of section 707(b) of the bankruptcy code. This section gives bankruptcy judges the power to dismiss the bankruptcy case of someone who has filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy if that case is, in the words of the law, ``substantial abuse'' of the bankruptcy code.  While this idea sounds good and well intended, it has not worked well in the real world of people who do not pay their bills--and the people who enforce the bankruptcy laws and the lawyers who work with them.  First, the problem is that no one knows what the term ``substantial abuse'' actually means. We have conflicting court decisions around the country, and people just aren't sure what the rules are.  Second, creditors and private trustees are actually forbidden from bringing evidence of abuse to the attention of a bankruptcy judge.  Look at that situation.  No. 2, if somebody knows about abuse, and it is very obvious--and even if it isn't so obvious--they can bring it to the attention of the bankruptcy judge and something can be done about it. The law doesn't allow that to be done.  As well intentioned as what Senator Dole and Congressman Mike Synar ended up doing--their original intentions were right but they had to compromise to get it done in 707--it just hasn't accomplished what that compromise was supposed to have accomplished.  The bill before the Senate now corrects these shortcomings. Under the bill, 707(b) now permits creditors and private trustees to file motions and bring evidence of chapter 7 abuses to the attention of the bankruptcy judge.  People who oppose this bill find fault with that. If somebody is using the courts of the United States to help them along, and if they don't deserve that help and there is abuse of power of government to the detriment of creditors and particularly to the consumers, and as a result of 1.4 million bankruptcies in America a family of four pays $400 more for goods and services than they would otherwise pay--and that is wrong--what is wrong with that information being presented through the transparency process to the judge? We do that here. It should be done. I don't know why anybody would find fault where there is outright abuse being presented.  The change is very important, since creditors have the most to lose from bankruptcy abuse, and private trustees are often in the very best position to know which cases are abusive in nature. In certain types of cases where the probability of abuse is very high, the Department of Justice is required to bring evidence of abuse to the attention of bankruptcy judges. And they should be required to bring this abuse to their attention.  Additionally, the bill requires judges to dismiss or convert chapter 7 cases where the debtor has a clear ability to repay his or her debts.  Taken together, these changes will bring the bankruptcy system back into balance, particularly in relationship to the evolution of the bankruptcy code from an ad hoc sort of passage by Congress for the first 100 years--the last 100 years being more permanent, and in the last 20 years it has been very liberalized--to make it a little more balanced. It is a perfectly legitimate thing to do.  Importantly, these changes preserve the element of flexibility so that each and every debtor can have his or her special circumstances considered. This means that each bankrupt will have his or her own unique circumstances taken into account at the time of judgment.  As we consider this bill, I hope my colleagues will keep in mind the remainder of the bill, and the fair nature of this legislation as well as its historical roots.  I see that the Senator from Alabama has come to the floor. I think he is waiting to speak. Soon I will yield the floor.  But I also take this opportunity to praise, as I have had the opportunity in times past, the efforts of the Senator from Alabama to help us bring this bill this far, and for his willingness to be flexible in some things where he would like to go further in making sure that debts are repaid that maybe otherwise would not be repaired but understanding the extremes on both sides helping us to get to a middle so that a moderate bill such as this can become law. I thank, publicly, Senator Sessions of Alabama.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). The Senator from Alabama.  