 President, I want to address the issue of the agriculture function in this budget.  I thank Senator Domenici, chairman of the committee, for the foresight that is represented in this budget, in two respects.  No. 1, for the foresight of including money in the budget for the proposed Federal Crop Insurance Program that already passed the Senate. Last year it passed the House. Hopefully, very shortly it will be sent to the President for his signature so that by the year 2001 the farmers of America will be able to manage their risks to a greater extent and be less dependent upon the political whims of Washington, which sometimes is the case, and whether or not there is a natural disaster. Will Congress pass the disaster aid? That is passed to help family farmers, not only when you have a drought but also when we have floods, hurricanes, and earthquakes. When there is a natural disaster, money is appropriated to help people in need at that particular time.  Last year, Senator Conrad of North Dakota and I were able to have money included in the bill anticipating the availability of funds in case Congress passed crop insurance reform. The House got the job done last year. The Senate did not get it done until this year. We are building upon that $6 billion which was put in last year's budget with money through the year 2005 for the continuation of that program.  I thank Senator Domenici and members of the budget committee for the foresight of encouraging risk management by the American family farmer rather than relying upon the political whims of Congress. Sometimes the family farmers find themselves in that position when there is not adequate crop insurance protection. This is where the individual family farmer makes a decision to participate.  By having a better Crop Insurance Program, we hope we will not only encourage participation by a number of farmers but also encourage their participation at a higher level of protection than ever before.  We think this budget and the program that passed the Senate give encouragement to farmers. We are trying to give one more additional tool to the farmers. That should have passed in 1996, the last time the farm bill was passed. It was a tool that was supposed to be given to farmers at that time but it was not.  So at this late stage with this budget, finally we are fulfilling one more promise of the Congress in the 1996 farm bill to give farmers continuity through a longer farm program, rather than the usual 3- to 4-year farm program, and tools to manage their own decisions rather than waiting upon bureaucrats in Washington, DC, to make those decisions as to what the farmer can plant and how much of each commodity can be planted in order to qualify for the farm program.  Beyond that, this budget also includes $5.5 billion of additional payments for the year 2002 and beyond so we can help keep the promise to the farmers that Congress made in the 1996 farm bill that there would be a sound safety net for the farmers throughout the life of the 1996 farm bill.  In 1996, we projected it would cost $43 billion for the crop-years throughout the 7-year farm bill. We anticipated then a certain amount for the year 2002 as we did in 1999 and 1998. Because of the lowest crop prices in 25 years, what we projected in 1996 to be that safety net for farmers was not adequate. So in 1998 there was additional money injected late in the budget year and also at the end of the crop-year. In the year 1999, there was an additional amount of money at the end of the budget year and at the end of the crop-year.  Congress was expressing its commitment to the family farmer to keep a safety net and income support for farmers when there were things in the price scheme for grains beyond the control of the individual farmer. That dates strictly back to the Southeast Asia crisis when exports took a downturn and to the unpredictability of four very good crop-years, bringing the lowest level of income for farmers for 1998 and 1999 for grains, and in some cases livestock that was the lowest in 25 years. Congress then put in additional money in 1998 and 1999.  This budget is somewhat different. This particular budget--again I say this to compliment the Senator from New Mexico for his foresight--includes $5.5 billion because we expect the same low prices for the 2002 crop-year as we expected in 1998 and 1999. It might turn out otherwise. From everything we know now, that tends to be the situation. The compliment is not only for the $5.5 billion in this budget; it is for the foresight that is represented by having it figured in ahead of time--not at the end of the crop-year, not at the end of the budget year but at the beginning of the budget year and about the time that farmers are getting their loans lined up for this crop-year and about the time they are planting this crop-year so the farmers go into this crop-year with more certainty than they had in 1998 and 1999. The Congress would keep its commitment to make sure there was a smooth transition and that there was a sound safety net for farmers as promised in the 1996 farm bill.  Everyone knows the simple commonsense answer to prosperity in agriculture is the ability to export. The only way there is going to be profitability in farming is through the ability to export. When you are a farmer in the Midwest and you produce morethan one-third for domestic production, you know that the only way there will be money made, the only way there will be higher prices is if there is a worldwide demand and you are able to export.  We talk about a safety net and about appropriating $5.5 billion that was not anticipated when the 1996 farm bill was passed. I say that in the vein of helping farmers keep things together. It is not profitability in farming. When it comes to income of farmers, common sense dictates two sources of that income: One, public money coming through the farm program but not guaranteeing profitability or, two, from the private sector, which basically means the ability to export and to have those export markets and having our Government do what it can to promote our exports so we find foreign markets. That is where the profitability lies. That is where the American farmers want to receive their income--from the private sector and not from the public treasury.  However, we cannot always anticipate four good crop-years in a row to bring about an abundance of production and a downturn in prices. We cannot anticipate the Southeast Asia crisis or other things that tend to bring about a downturn. The Southeast Asia financial crisis brought a downturn in exports. That is why we have the 1996 farm bill. That is why we have the safety net we promised. That is why in this budget we are supplementing that by $5.5 billion.  For the taxpayers who are listening and wondering why they would be helping the family farmer, that there ought to not be more control by the individual family farm manager--that is the farmer himself, in his productivity and his ability to export--I think I have answered that question to some extent. Whether you have a drought or whether you have a massive amount of rain that will produce in overabundance, the farmer is not in control. When governments in Southeast Asia made bad judgments as to their banking industry and we had the Southeast Asia financial crisis and the economies in a downturn over there and we did not export to them, those were all things beyond the control of the individual family farmer--hence, a safety net for the family farmer and consequently some costs to the taxpayers.  What does a person in the city or the general taxpayer get out of this contract we have with the family farmers of America, this social contract? They surely get an abundance of food so when they go to the supermarket they don't have to worry about whether there is enough food. That is not true a lot of places outside the United States, places with malnutrition, where there are droughts and where they live from hand to mouth for a daily supply of food.  It used to be that in the Soviet system of agriculture, and of their command and control economy, consumers in Russia did not find their supermarket shelves stocked as well as they were in the United States of America.  For the consumers who think they are paying too much for their food, I suggest that as a percentage of their disposable income they are spending less on food than any consumer in any country in the world. Consequently, we do have this social contract between the people of this country and the family farmers of America to maintain a safety net so there is a stability that maintains the institution of the family farm. The institution of the family farm is that entity that guarantees to the consumer of America this supply of food that is in good quantity and in good quality, at the lowest percentage of disposable income to pay for it of any consumer in the world.  I hope we make it clear in this budget that Senator Domenici has put together that we are keeping our commitment to the family farmer, making sure there is an adequate supply of money for the safety net we promised in the 1996 farm bill.  We are giving the consumer, the other half of this social contract, a guarantee of an adequate supply of food, good quality food at a low price, and we are also giving farmers some tools to manage their own businesses to a better extent through money for the Crop Insurance Program so, in turn, they are not subject to the whims of each Congress, whether or not we are going to appropriate the money that ought to be appropriated to meet our commitment to be an insurer of last resort--in other words, appropriating the right amount of money wherever natural disasters might happen, whether it be earthquakes in California or droughts in the middle west.  I hope we are not going to hear on the floor of the Senate during this budget debate that we do not have a safety net for farmers. What do our colleagues think this $5.5 billion is for or the $9 billion-some we appropriated in 1999, or the $6.5 billion additional supplement we appropriated in the crop-year 1998, in addition to the $43 billion that was in the 1996 farm bill, total for the next 7 years? If that is not a safety net, what is a safety net?  If somebody comes up here and says the present farm bill is not a very good farm bill, all they have to do is go back to the old farm bills that were in existence from the 1930s until 1996. We saw Congress supplementing the old farm bills because the safety net that we suspected would be needed for the ensuing years of that farm bill was not adequate. I do not want somebody to say there is a big tear in the safety net for farmers under the 1996 farm bill because there have been big tears in farm bills for previous years when Congress added funds.  The fact is, Congress uses the best judgment based on what climatologists and economists can give us to make our decisions about what we ought to provide in a farm bill for whatever the duration of that farm bill. This one is 7 years; previous ones have been 5, 4, and 3. But, as best as we can guess ahead when we pass that farm bill, we cannot anticipate all the exigencies that might come about in those ensuing years. So we find Congress responding to that safety net that might have a hole in it from time to time, to knit that hole in the safety net so we keep our commitment to the family farmers that we are not going to keep them hanging out there by themselves, whether because of natural disaster or political decisions made in some foreign country or even domestic political decisions made in this country or even international trade decisions that are made that are beyond the control of this Congress. Some of the exigencies are only in the hands of God. Can we anticipate all of those? No, we cannot, whether it is under a Democrat or Republican President, whether it is under a Democrat Congress or a Republican Congress. We have people making judgments, when we pass a farm bill, of what are going to be the situations with weather and world economics over the next few years. We make the wisest decisions that can be made based on the information that is available. Still, sometimes we come up short.  I do not want to hear anything about not having a safety net for farmers, or our not keeping our commitment to American farmers for that safety net with the anticipation that this world economy is going to turn around and this oversupply that has come from 4 good crop-years--not only in the United States but worldwide, to bring about an oversupply--is not going to be with us all the time and we are going to, again, pick up our exports; we are going to, again, have somewhat normal production. The farmer is going to get that profit from the marketplace that is anticipated.  All we are doing in this farm bill, as we did in 1998 and 1999, is keeping our commitment that when the profitability in the marketplace is not there the Congress of the United States is going to keep its commitment--the social contract we have between the people of this country and the family farmer--that there is going to be a supply of food of a good quality, good quantity, and at a price the consumer can afford.  I thank the chairman of the committee for his commitment to the farmers of America I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hagel). The Senator from New Mexico.  