 President, I am pleased to have the support of Senator Breaux in introducing The Nursing Home Staff Improvement Act of 2000. This is an important piece of legislation for the 1.6 million frail elderly Americans who reside in nursing homes across the nation.  A recently released and long overdue report from the Health Care FinancingAdministration was the immediate impetus for our bill. This report was first mandated by Congress in 1990. It took the Department of Health and Human Services 10 years to complete Part I of the report. It will take almost another year to finish it. The first part of the study documented, to just about everyone's satisfaction, severe staffing shortages, severe staffing shortages in our nation's nursing homes. While we are waiting for the agency to complete the second and final part of the report, Senate Breaux and I want to begin to address the staffing crisis in long-term care. Therefore, we are introducing this legislation today.  We have a long way to go in meeting the staffing needs of elderly nursing home residents. The bill we are introducing today is not the answer to the problem. It is only a first step. Yet, it is an extremely important step that Congress should take.  Before describing the bill Senator Breaux and I are introducing today, I'd like to take a couple of minutes to go over the history of our committee's work on nursing home quality of care and HCFA oversight of the Nursing Home Reform Act of 1987. It's important for me to emphasize the scope and depth of the problem in order to give my fellow Senators an appreciation of the context out of which this legislation developed.  In the fall of 1997, serious allegations were brought to my attention about the quality of care provided in California nursing homes. These allegations claimed that thousands of California nursing home residents had suffered and met with untimely and unnecessary deaths due to malnutrition, dehydration, decubitus ulcers, and urinary tract infections.  In an effort to respond to these allegations, I asked the General Accounting Office [GAO] to conduct a thorough review of them and, more generally, of the quality of care in California nursing homes.  This review culminated in a 2-day hearing held on July 27-28, 1998, entitled ``Betrayal: The Quality of Care in California Nursing Homes.'' At this hearing, the GAO released its report titled ``California Nursing Homes: Care Problems Persist Despite Federal and State Oversight.'' The findings of this report were explosive and disturbing, illustrating that residents in far too many California nursing homes were threatened by seriously substandard care.  One week prior to this hearing, the Clinton administration announced a broad set of new nursing home initiatives to improve enforcement of the Nursing Home Reform Act and, hence, the quality of care in nursing facilities. The administration was acting in response to the impending release of the GAO's study before the scheduled Aging Committee hearing. It acted also in response to a congressionally mandated report by the Department of Health and Human Services on nursing home oversight that was completed just before the hearing. The Department's report uncovered weaknesses on the part of the federal government in its oversight of nursing home quality of care. As the Federal agency with regulatory oversight responsibility over our Nation's nursing homes, the Health Care Financing Administration [HCFA] is responsible for monitoring the compliance of nursing home facilities in meeting the requirements of the Nursing Home Reform Act. For facilities found to be noncompliant, HCFA is responsible for seeing that remedies or sanctions are imposed until the situation is corrected. The administration's report found shortcomings in HCFA's enforcement of the Nursing Home Reform Act of 1987. The agency's report was really a kind of self-indictment. Up to that point, the agency had failed in its responsibility to protect nursing home residents.  As part of its multistep initiative, the administration called for improvements in nursing home inspections, better and more timely enforcement against nursing homes that repeatedly violate safety rules, and more attention to quality of care for nursing home residents through prevention of bed sores, malnutrition and dehydration. HCFA was given the responsibility for carrying out this initiative. Under my chairmanship, the Senate Special Committee on Aging has taken an active role in overseeing the implementation of the President's nursing home initiative led by the Administrator of HCFA. At regular hearings and forums, 10 to be specific, I have heard from family members, health care professionals and other long-term care experts about the progress and obstacles in achieving improved nursing home quality of care.  Anecdotally, we have heard from the very beginning of our work on nursing home quality of care that understaffing is a root cause of many of the problems facing nursing home residents. Because we desperately needed a more systematic, research-based analysis of this understaffing problem, I had persistently urged HCFA to finish the long delayed staffing report I mentioned earlier.  On July 27, 2000, Part I of the report, entitled ``Appropriateness of Minimum Staffing Ratios in Nursing Homes'' was done, and our committee held a hearing to take testimony on it. The report and the hearing presented groundbreaking new information on nursing facility staffing. It was the first time that understaffing, and the consequences of understaffing, were described by a scientifically sound government report. Although a Part II of the report will be required to completely validate the findings of Part I and to analyze a number of other questions raised by Part I, the report showed for the first time what family members and resident advocates had been saying for years: that the majority of nursing homes in our country are dramatically understaffed. Specifically, the report concluded that more than half of nursing facilities around the country employ too few nurses and nurse aides to provide adequate care to residents.  As a result of these report findings, I began working on legislation to address the serious problems of understaffing. I started by seeking input from interested parties, including the Administration, nursing home providers, health care professionals, and resident advocates. I finalized my proposal right around the same time the President announced the administration's initiative in this area. The two proposals are similar in their goal to start addressing the problems of understaffing in nursing facilities.  As I said earlier, the impetus for my bill was the Report to Congress on the ``Appropriateness of Minimum Nurse Staffing Ratios in Nursing Homes''. The major conclusions of the report are outlined in the Findings section of our bill. The report found that 2.0 nurse aide hours per resident day is a threshold below which residents' lives are at risk, not a standard for the provision of appropriate care. The findings also showed that 2.9 nurse aide hours per resident day are necessary for a nurse aide to complete core resident care tasks, although, because of the very conservative estimates used in this part of the study, 2.9 hours probably significantly understates the staffing levels necessary for a nurse aide to complete these core tasks. Part I of the report also indicated that Part II will analyze and report on minimum staffing levels according to a facility's resident acuity level. I urge Congress and the Administration to be careful in accepting either the 2.0 or 2.9 nurse aide hours per resident day as a minimum goal for nursing facilities until these results are validated and case-mix is included in the equation. It is reasonable to expect that staffing requirements will be substantially higher for facilities that have residents with higher acuity.  Our bill calls for the completion of phase two of the study. It requires the Secretary to complete the report not later than July 1, 2001. It adds to the original authority a requirement that the study undertake several tasks that Part I of the report stated would be done in the second phase. Among other things, these tasks include a requirement that the case mix analysis of Part I of the report be further refined and related to appropriate minimum staffing levels. It also adds to the original authority a requirement that the report analyze ``optimal minimum'' caregiver to resident levels and ``optimal minimum'' supervisor to caregiver levels of skilled nursing facilities participating in the Medicare program and nursing facilities participating in the Medicaid program. We modified the original authority in this manner because we believed the public should know not just appropriate minimumstaffing levels, but also what more optimal staffing levels should be in nursing facilities.  My bill requires that minimum staffing levels be developed and enforced within one year of the completion of the Report. It requires the Secretary to make recommendations regarding appropriate minimum caregiver to resident levels and minimum supervisor to caregiver levels for skilled nursing facilities participating in the Medicare program and nursing facilities participating in the Medicaid program. The Secretary further shall require through the administrative rulemaking process compliance with appropriate minimum staffing levels as a condition for such facilities to receive payment under those programs. The Secretary would be required to promulgate a final rule not later than one year after completion of the report.  The bill requires that the Secretary establish appropriate minimum staffing levels because we believed that a regulatory requirement should establish those staffing levels that will assure that residents receive the quality of care they have a right to receive under the terms of the Nursing Home Reform Act of 1987. We assume that the resident case mix of a facility will have an effect on the appropriate minimum staffing levels of the facility.  In order to help States prepare for the minimum staffing levels that the Secretary will promulgate by July 1, 2002, my bill establishes a competitive state grant program. The purpose of the grant program will be to improve staffing levels in nursing facilities in order to improve the quality of care to residents of such facilities. A state that secures such a grant may provide technical or financial support to nursing facilities, labor organizations, nonprofit organizations, community colleges, or other organizations approved by the Secretary. Such support from the state shall be used for projects which will help to increase or improve recruitment and retention of direct care nursing staff. Projects supported by a state must be consistent with the requirements of sections 1818 and 1919 of the Social Security Act. No funds may be made available to county or state-owned nursing facilities. Funds used under a grant to a state may only be used to supplement, not supplant, other funds that the state extends to carry out the activities that may be supported by this grant program. The Secretary shall evaluate this grant program and report to the Congress on her findings not later than six months after completion of the grant program. Authorized to be appropriated are $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2001 and 2002.  My bill includes a requirement for reporting of accurate information on staffing. Skilled nursing facilities participating in the Medicare program and nursing facilities participating in the Medicaid program would be required to submit staffing information to the Secretary in a form and manner determined by the Secretary. Such information must be attested to as accurate by the reporting facility. The Secretary shall periodically post and update such information on the Nursing Home Compare web site. Skilled nursing facilities participating in the Medicare program and nursing facilities participating in the Medicaid program shall submit to the Secretary a classification of all residents of the facility according to the resident classification system required under current law. My understanding is that nursing facilities should have data on hand and in a form that would be required by the Secretary for reporting to the Department, and, thus, the administrative burden of this requirement should be minimal.  My bill includes a requirement for posting of facility staffing information. Facilities participating in the Medicare and Medicaid program would be required to post daily for each nursing unit and each work shift the current number of licensed and unlicensed nursing staff directly responsible for resident care together with the number of residents per unit and shift.  Throughout my work and oversight activity of nursing facility quality of care, I have made it a point to stress that there are many good nursing facilities. When a family is in need of a facility for a loved one, it is critically important that individuals shop around and gather information in order to find the best nursing home to meet the needs of their loved ones. The provision in my bill calling for additional reporting of staffing and facility posting of staffing data will help families which need to find a good facility for a loved one's placement. It should also eventually have an effect on the overall quality of care in nursing facilities as families search out and choose better facilities.  The information collected by HCFA will help it improve and maintain its Nursing Home Compare web site. This is a database which contains information on every Medicare and Medicaid certified nursing home in the country. You can locate nursing homes in your area and find information about compliance with Medicare and Medicaid regulations based on the facility's most recent survey by state inspectors. Additionally, the web site contains useful phone numbers for survey agencies and long term care ombudsmen on the web site's ``Phone Directory'' page.  In closing, I plan to continue my work to improve quality of care and quality of life for nursing home residents. In my position as Chairman of the Special Committee on Aging, I will continue to monitor the quality of care provided to our nation's nursing home residents. With the assistance of the GAO, I will continually assess and monitor the Health Care Financing Administration's progress and commitment to improving the quality of care in nursing homes.  