 President, as a person who supports the African trade bill, I rise in support of this conference committee report on the Trade and Development Act of 2000. This legislation contains the conference agreement on the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Caribbean Basin Trade Partnership Act, and even some miscellaneous trade measures that were passed as part of the Senate's consideration of this legislation in November last year.  Passage of the African Growth and Opportunity Act conference agreement by the Senate will send to the President the first significant trade legislation to pass both Houses of Congress since 1988, other than legislation implementing trade agreements under very special fast-track procedures.  If I could characterize this conference agreement with one word, it would be the word ``opportunity.'' That word is in the title of the African portion of this bill.  First, this conference agreement provides people in sub-Saharan Africa with the opportunity and promise for a better life. In many cases, these countries are not able to sustain their own people. They lack even the simplest, most basic infrastructure. This prevents the people of Africa from meeting necessary agriculture, education, transportation, and health care needs.  By giving these countries new tools to develop a textile and apparel industry, they will have new opportunities to participate in the global trade flows and the increased prosperity that have largely bypassed the majority of Africa's people.  I stress this bill provides opportunity. Once again, this bill is about opportunity. It is not about a guarantee, and it is not about a panacea, but an opportunity that has, up until now, been missing for the people of sub-Saharan Africa.  This legislation will give these countries the opportunity to build the essential capital that struggling economies need to increase their investment in their own people to help themselves. What we will create with this bill is opportunity for these struggling economies, and do it in a way that will not in any way jeopardize U.S. employment.  Some 30 sub-Saharan countries of Africa have begun dynamic economic reform programs that help make it much easier to pass this bill because we know they are taking the first steps to help themselves. They are liberalizing exchange rates; they are privatizing state-owned enterprises; they are reducing harmful barriers to trade and investment; they are also ending costly trade-distorting subsidies.  All of these things, for those who believe enhanced freedom of international trade is the right direction in which to go, always need a little bit of help from the indigenous economies of the respective countries. We believe the 30 countries of sub-Saharan Africa are doing all the right things. This legislation will create greater opportunities for new partnerships with these African nations based on economic directions they have already begun to take.  The Africa Growth and Opportunity Act is designed to compliment the economic reform policies that African nations have already decided to pursue by offering increased access to U.S. markets for non-import-sensitive goods and textiles while creating enhanced opportunities to deepen our bilateral trade relations.  Speaking of opportunity, we will open up for American goods and services a market for 700 million potential new consumers, more than in Japanand all the ASEAN nations combined, if we approve this conference agreement.  Both the United States and African nations recognize this legislation for the win-win opportunity it is. The United States benefits and Africa benefits from this legislation. The African Growth and Opportunity Act has been endorsed by every African ambassador in Washington. We don't see unanimous agreement on many things in these cities these days. However, we do here. All of the 48 nations of sub-Saharan Africa are united in support of this legislation.  The conference agreement is also a win-win opportunity for the countries of the Caribbean Basin region and for the United States. This conference report grants duty-free, quota-free benefits to apparel made in the Caribbean Basin Initiative countries from U.S. yarn and U.S. fabric. The Caribbean Basin nations will now have an opportunity to compete with Mexico and other developing countries in Asia in a way that will permit them to more fully participate in the global economy.  Additionally, the conference report provides benefits for apparel made with regional fabric under clearly specified conditions to be fair to the United States. This will encourage additional U.S. export of cotton and yarn and U.S. investment in the region while also helping to create desperately needed jobs for the Caribbean workers. In fact, I cannot think of a time when this legislation was needed more. We have to act now to help rebuild the shattered Caribbean economies and the ruined lives of those whose nations were devastated by Hurricanes Georges and Mitch. This all happened in 1998, but the recovery is not what it should be.  It is hard for us to imagine the destruction these storms inflicted. We were not there. We saw them on television, but, as so many things seen on television, they soon get out of mind. The devastation is still there, although there has been some cleaning up, some enhancement of the economy. But this will help, not by giving them our money, as we have done under the humanitarian programs we have, but helping them to help themselves through enhanced trade opportunities.  In the worst-hit Caribbean countries, virtually all sectors of the economy were affected. Houses by the hundreds were washed away. Roads and bridges disappeared under tons of water. Hotels were wrecked. Beach erosion demolished tourism. Both the administration and the Congress deserve credit for joint efforts to enact an assistance package of close to $1 billion to aid in the reconstruction of the most basic elements of infrastructure--roads, bridges, and sewer systems--for what they did 2 years ago. But even this investment falls far short of what is needed to rehabilitate the economies of these countries.  The Caribbean nations hit by these disasters have seen the basic pillars of their economies--agriculture and tourism--almost completely ruined. I have spoken to many of the ambassadors from the Caribbean nations about this. I just had a meeting this morning with the President of Costa Rica, thanking us for our work on this particular bill, telling us about how their economies are starting to turn around. In my view, based on these discussions, comprehensive reconstruction will not be possible without an effective trade and investment component. The ambassadors tell me--and the regional leaders and the U.S. officials all agree--it will take years for the hardest hit countries to recover. These countries are more than just our friends; they are our neighbors. They are right there in our backyard. We must put in place a program to help them rebuild and to sustain growth during the long road back to economic prosperity. We can do this without threatening jobs in our own country.  The Caribbean Basin is one of the few regions of the world where the United States consistently--I want to emphasize consistently--maintains a trade surplus. In fact, close to 70 cents of every dollar spent in the region is returned in the form of increased exports from the United States. In 1999, the U.S. exports to Caribbean Basin countries exceeded $19 billion, making this group the sixth largest export market of U.S. goods in that year, 1999.  We will see other long-term benefits to the United States if we approve this conference agreement and help our Caribbean neighbors to help themselves. We will contribute to the U.S. national security, in addition to our economy, by helping democratic countries in our own backyard maintain political and economic stability.  In closing, I want to say a word, then, in addition to all the big components of this bill, a word about the significance of our work. This is very general, but this work is an example of U.S. leadership in trade policy. But that U.S. leadership in trade policy has suffered serious setbacks in the last few years. One obvious setback has been the repeated failure of the Congress to renew the President's fast-track trade negotiating authority. Another setback has been the failure of the negotiations on the multilateral agreement on investment in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. And the most serious blow to U.S. leadership in global trade policy was the failure last December of the Seattle ministerial conference meeting of the World Trade Organization.  The entire world is watching, wondering whether the lack of leadership on the part of the United States for the last 7 or 8 years, or maybe the last 5 or 6 years, is a pattern we are going to continue to follow because it is such a different pattern from what the United States has done as a world leader in breaking down barriers to international trade since 1947.  I suppose you could go back to the 1930s, when we learned the lesson of the Smoot-Hawley legislation that brought about the world depression, and the world depression brought about World War II. We very quickly learned that high tariffs are not good for the world economy. It was not good for the American economy because we suffered as much or more than they did elsewhere in the world in that Great Depression as a result of Smoot-Hawley. Under Cordell Hull's leadership as Secretary of State, working for President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, we started reciprocal trade agreements at that particular time. They were the forerunner of gradually reducing some of these very high barriers to trade we had at that time around the world, mostly high tariffs--bringing them down on a reciprocal basis. But all of that eventually resulted in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade process that we led the world in establishing in 1949.  There have been eight rounds of GATT. Those eight rounds have been very successful in breaking down barriers to trade, so successful that President Clinton can tell the American people with all honesty, on a factual basis, that one-third of the jobs created during his Presidency are a result of international trade.  So if anybody thinks we are here promoting an African trade bill and Caribbean Basin Initiative bill to somehow benefit the economies of Africa and the Caribbean nations without any concern about the workers of America, the working men and women of America, the taxpaying people of our country, and are they going to have enough jobs, we have history, since 1947, to demonstrate the value of international trade to the economy of the United States and the economic benefit of the United States.  Too often, in international trade, we look to the economic issues only. But I believe commerce does more to promote international peace and humanitarian progress than anything we as political leaders or diplomats can do--as important as political leadership is in the world, and as important as diplomats are. But there are just not enough political leaders or diplomats in the world--if you take all the countries combined--to guarantee any peace. But as you break down barriers among the diverse people of our world--that is, one on one, whether it is business or nonbusiness relationships--that has more to do with the promotion of international peace, prosperity, democratic principles, and free market principles than anything.  So I see this legislation as part of a small process of promoting those issues as well as our concern about Africa, among others.  So the entire world I think is watching what we do today because it is some show of America wanting to retain that leadership in the reduction of trade barriers and enhancing peace andprosperity of which we have been a part since 1947.  It is vitally important to not only approve this conference agreement but to do it in a resounding way. If we do that, we can send a message to the rest of the world that American leadership in trade policy is alive and well. For many in the international community, that leadership, as I said before, is in serious doubt.  It is especially important to approve this conference agreement after the profoundly disappointing failure of the Seattle WTO negotiations. We are only now beginning to pick up the pieces with the start of new agriculture and service trade negotiations in Geneva.  I have been watching these negotiations very closely. They are both difficult and delicate. We are trying to rebuild confidence, both in the World Trade Organization and in U.S. leadership. After Seattle, this is necessary and vitally important. It is not an exaggeration to say that failure to approve this conference agreement, or even a tepid approval, would send a shockwave through these negotiations. It would undermine our negotiators, jeopardize any progress we might make in Geneva, and do great harm to our long-term international trade interests.  By the same token, a strong Senate endorsement of this conference report would say to the entire world that the Senate is engaged, committed, and we want to reestablish the historic leadership role that has characterized U.S. trade policy for the last 50 years.  Finally, I salute the hard work of the majority leader, Senator Lott, as well as that of my distinguished colleagues, Senator Roth and Senator Moynihan. Without their vision, their efforts, and their perseverance, we would not be here today.  I urge my colleagues to join me in a resounding show of support for American leadership in world trade negotiations by supporting the Trade and Development Act of 2000.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hutchinson). The Senator from New York.  