  I spoke to this point a week ago. Obviously, the Senator from Minnesota did not have an opportunity to hear my remarks. But he would have heard me state, in detail, how the 1984 legislation has not worked at all, regardless of its good intentions. Because under the 1984 legislation, creditors are banned by law from bringing evidence of abuse to the attention of the judge.  Here we have a law that says if there is substantial abuse of the bankruptcy code, then the judge can determine that that certain bankrupt does not have a right to be in bankruptcy court. But then we have another section that says creditors who might know about this abuse cannot bring evidence of that abuse to bankruptcy court.  So it seems that the 1984 legislation was designed not to work. We correct that in this legislation by making it possible for people to bring evidence of such substantial abuse to the bankruptcy judge, for it to be considered, and if the judge agrees, then that person cannot continue to abuse the public at large by making misuse of the bankruptcy courts to get out of paying debt.  I also remember the Senator saying that tightening bankruptcy law will not reduce the costs of bankruptcy. All I can say is, the Clinton administration's own Treasury Secretary, Larry Summers, said in one of our hearings that reducing bankruptcies could help reduce interest rates. And what helps lower-income people more in America than reducing interest rates?  It really helps the very people the Senator from Minnesota speaks of as being vulnerable and as a class of citizens about whom we should all have concern, and I believe all do have concern.  I have an example of a vulnerable person at the other end, a person who has been substantially harmed by somebody who went into bankruptcy. It isn't just people who go into debt who are vulnerable and can be hurt by bankruptcy; there are a lot of other hard-working people who are hurt by other people who go into bankruptcy. I hope this body will remember that every abusive bankruptcy hurts scores of Americans.  I will read, without using names, from a constituent in Keokuk, IA, writing to me about the need for the passage of this legislation. She had read a headline in the local paper that said: The Senate may toughen bankruptcy laws.  ``My son''--I will not use the name--``works for a local electric company as a meter reader full time during the day and then goes right to work nearly every evening and on Saturdays with his own growing washing, vacuuming business. He works so hard to do a good job for his customers. He takes his responsibilities as a father of five very seriously. During the last 3 to 4 months, he has been doing a job for an out-of-town gentleman.'' Then the last name is given. ``I believe he is in the Des Moines area. I have learned that he has several businesses and is known to be a crook.'' That is why I don't want to use the names; I don't know whetherhe is a crook or not, but that is the writer's judgment.  ``Of course--then she uses the name of her son--'' had no idea about this person's background, but he eagerly wanted the work and took the work. He felt especially good about it because one of his men is very poor, one of the workers he hires for his moonlighting business, and so he turned the job over to him so he could make extra money.  ``The sorry ending of this story is, as you might have guessed, just last week Kenny called the original hiring company where Kenny works directly doing cleanup jobs. And before he could talk to the manager about not being paid by this gentleman from Des Moines, Mike told Kenny that he had just called to inform him that he had declared bankruptcy. He owed Kenny over $3,600. To him, this might as well have been $36,000 because of some new, very expensive equipment purchased to be able to handle the additional work.  ``Something must be done to keep crooks from sticking hard-working people like my son, who associate with him in good faith, from dropping the hatchet--you know the numbers when it comes to poor management--and then take the easy way out at everyone else's expense.'' Then in capital letters: ``It is wrong and it should not be allowed.''  So there are hard-working mothers and fathers in America, I say to the Senator from Minnesota, who are vulnerable and hurt by other people who take advantage of them and go into bankruptcy.  On another point the Senator from Minnesota made, perhaps he isn't aware that the organization of prosecutors who enforce child support says this bill, S. 625, will help women and children who are owed child support. On this point, in fact, there is no point. Both parties have worked hard on this legislation in the compromises that have taken place over the last 2 or 3 years. We are not going to let people use the bankruptcy code to get out of paying child support. Yet we are still hearing, this very day, that old argument that may have had some credibility 2 or 3 years ago but that we had taken care of almost that long ago because it was a very important point raised. But those points are still being made.  So I ask my colleagues, as they consider that point made by the Senator from Minnesota, to whom are you going to listen: The people who actually collect child support--that is, the organization of prosecutors who enforce child support who say this is a good bill and will help women and children--or are you going to listen to Washington special interest think tanks that are using smoke and mirrors to say this bill will make it more difficult to collect child support? I think those who prosecute know the difficulty of collecting that. I hope my colleagues will listen to the prosecutors who get child support who say this bill will help women and children.  Finally, I wish the Senator from Minnesota had at least mentioned title II, subtitle A, which is entitled: Abusive Creditor Practices. We know creditors can be abusive, and we address that problem to make sure there is a level playing field between creditors and debtors when it comes to the bankruptcy courts. We have numerous new consumer protections. Understand, there are some customers who don't want to go into bankruptcy, and they try to negotiate with their creditor to avoid going to court. That is a good step we want to preserve and encourage. But if that customer then has to declare bankruptcy because of not being able to negotiate, then the creditor is severely limited in his ability to collect that debt. To me, this is real consumer protection that should not be forgotten as we vote on this legislation.  I will now turn to a specific amendment the Senator from Minnesota is offering as well and to oppose his amendment that is referred to as the payday loan. For those who don't know, this type of loan happens when a borrower gives a personal check to someone else and that person gives the borrower cash in an amount less than the amount of the personal check. The check isn't cashed if the borrower redeems the check for its full value within 2 weeks. The fact is that payday loans are completely legal transactions in many States. If a financial transaction is explicitly legal under State law, to me, it isn't wise that we use the bankruptcy code to try to undo that transaction.  First of all, using the bankruptcy code for this purpose leads to perverse results because the only people who will receive any benefit or relief will be those who file for bankruptcy. Then you have all those other people who are using payday loans who never file for bankruptcy. These people who have taken out loans but don't take the easy way out in bankruptcy court will still have to pay back their loan. So if this is a problem, it seems to me the Senator from Minnesota ought to work to help everybody, not only those who go into bankruptcy court. Then you also have the perverse result of people who don't have the money to file for bankruptcy who will have to pay the loan as agreed. Even if you share Senator Wellstone's distaste for payday loans, this amendment won't benefit the poorest of the poor because most of the poorest of the poor don't seek bankruptcy relief.  Earlier during the course of the debate, my colleague from Utah, Senator Hatch, sought to include language in an amendment that would have changed the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. This act is in the jurisdiction of the Banking Committee. At that very time, the ranking Democrat on the Banking Committee, the Senator from Maryland, indicated that he would not consent to allowing changes to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act on a bankruptcy bill. So to be fair, then, the portion of Senator Wellstone's amendment changing the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act should be stricken out in deference to the jurisdictional objections that have been lodged by the ranking Democrat on the Banking Committee. So I am asking Senator Wellstone to listen to the arguments of his fellow Democrat about jurisdiction and respect the jurisdiction of the particular committees.  If the Senator from Minnesota doesn't want to honor this objection, I think his proposed changes to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act represent poor policy at least. His amendment would not say that lenders can't offer payday loans. His amendment would say that you aren't allowed to use State courts to collect the debt, even if the debt is completely legal under that same State law. In fact, the State of Minnesota specifically allows payday loans, as does my home State of Iowa. I don't think the Federal Government has any business telling State judges they can't enforce debts that are fully legal under the laws of that particular State. I would have confidence in my State legislature correcting this economic and social problem, if it is one in our State. I haven't studied it enough to know whether it is, but I have confidence that my State legislators would correct that. I hope the Senator from Minnesota has the same confidence that his State legislators know what is best for Minnesota, not those of us in the Congress of the United States.  I also think this amendment would have the effect of making it harder for the poor and those with bad credit histories to gain access to cash--the very people the Senator from Minnesota is so concerned about because, in his words, ``they are so vulnerable.'' People who use payday loans simply can't get loans through traditional sources because they are too risky, so a payday loan may be the only way they can get quick cash to pay for family emergencies or essential home and auto repairs.  I know the intentions of my good friend from Minnesota are honorable, but the effect of this amendment would be to make it harder for poor people to get help when they need that help the most. I hope this amendment by the Senator from Minnesota will be defeated.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burns). The Chair recognizes the Senator from Utah.  