 President, I ask unanimous consent that the Chair lay before the Senate a message from the House to accompany H.R. 3048, to amend section 879 of title 18, United States Code, to provide clearer coverage over threats against former Presidents and members of their families, and for other purposes.  There being no objection, the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives:       Resolved, That the House agree to the amendments of the      Senate numbered 1 and 3 to the bill (H.R. 3048) entitled ``An      Act to amend section 879 of title 18, United States Code, to      provide clearer coverage over threats against former      Presidents and members of their families, and for other      purposes.''       Resolved, That the House disagree to the amendments of the      Senate numbered 2 and 4 to the aforesaid bill.       Resolved, That the House agree to the amendment of the      Senate numbered 5 to the aforesaid bill, with the following:       In lieu of the matter inserted by the Senate amendment      numbered 5, insert the following:     SEC. 6. FUGITIVE APPREHENSION TASK FORCES.       (a) In General.--The Attorney General shall, upon      consultation with appropriate Department of Justice and      Department of the Treasury law enforcement components,      establish permanent Fugitive Apprehension Task Forces      consisting of Federal, State, and local law enforcement      authorities in designated regions of the United States, to be      directed and coordinated by the United States Marshals      Service, for the purpose of locating and apprehending      fugitives.       (b) Authorization of Appropriations.--There are authorized      to be appropriated to the Attorney General for the United      States Marshals Service to carry out the provisions of this      section $30,000,000 for the fiscal year 2001, $5,000,000 for      fiscal year 2002, and $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2003.       (c) Other Existing Applicable Law.--Nothing in this section      shall be construed to limit any existing authority under any      other provision of Federal or State law for law enforcement      agencies to locate or apprehend fugitives through task forces      or any other means.     SEC. 7. STUDY AND REPORTS ON ADMINISTRATIVE SUBPOENAS.       (a) Study on Use of Administrative Subpoenas.--Not later      than December 31, 2001, the Attorney General, in consultation      with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall complete a study on      the use of administrative subpoena power by executive branch      agencies or entities and shall report the findings to the      Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of      Representatives. Such report shall include--       (1) a description of the sources of administrative subpoena      power and the scope of such subpoena power within executive      branch agencies;       (2) a description of applicable subpoena enforcement      mechanisms;       (3) a description of any notification provisions and any      other provisions relating to safeguarding privacy interests;       (4) a description of the standards governing the issuance      of administrative subpoenas; and       (5) recommendations from the Attorney General regarding      necessary steps to ensure that administrative subpoena power      is used and enforced consistently and fairly by executive      branch agencies.       (b) Report on Frequency of Use of Administrative      Subpoenas.--       (1) In general.--The Attorney General and the Secretary of      the Treasury shall report in January of each year to the      Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of      Representatives on the number of administrative subpoenas      issued by them under this section and the identity of the      agency or component of the Department of Justice or the      Department of the Treasury issuing the subpoena and imposing      the charges.       (2) Expiration.--The reporting requirement of this      subsection shall terminate in 3 years after the date of      enactment of this section.  