 President, I rise to speak about some provisions in this bill I have long backed to improve education. But before I point my remarks directly to those few provisions of the bill, I would like to put this whole thing into context, if I could.  No. 1, the American people are very concerned about education in the United States. If there is any one thing they want the Congress, the State legislatures, and the local schools and municipalities to address, it is the problem of education. I am convinced they want the decisionmaking to be done at the local level, but they would like to have both moral leadership and some resources to come from Washington.  I happen to be one who believes those resources that come from Washington, to the extent they are given to States and local communities with few strings attached--less redtape and less paperwork--the better off we are.  But I think, in the context of even more money, we want to think in terms of, if the money were the sole solution to the problems of education, then that would be an easy solution: Just appropriate more money. I think in terms of the $5,500 per student per year spent in my State of Iowa and the fact that our graduates end up either first, second, or third on the ACT scores in our competition with Minnesota and Wisconsin. For 7 or 8 years in a row, our graduates have ended up first in the SATs. That is the result. We ought to be concerned about results and not about process when we look at spending the taxpayers' dollars.  Compare, on the one hand, that $5,500 per year spent by the State of Iowa--still, my State legislators would say: There is a lot of concern about the need to do more to improve the product of our educational system in our State--with the approximately $11,000 that is spent in the District of Columbia--almost twice the amount spent in my State--and look at the massive dropout rate from the high schools in the District of Columbia. You can only conclude that there has to be a lot done in the District of Columbia other than just spending more money because if you looked at just more money being the solution to the educational problems, then I would quickly conclude that the District of Columbia ought to be doing much better than my State of Iowa.  People are very concerned about education. So in each one of our State capitals, and in the Congress of the United States, there is a great deal of time being spent on education, as there ought to be. We believe every child is entitled to a good education, entitled to that good education in a crime-free environment and with the best of teachers.  We also have to remember a basic principle: Education is all about children. The product of our schools is what matters. Does the process have the children in mind, or are there sometimes special interests beyond just the children's welfare to which we give too much attention?  We have seen studies indicating that whatever we do in the schools, spending money or a policy other than spending money, one of the best things we can do to enhance the environment of learning is to get parents involved in the education of their children, checking the homework, talking about it at the dinner table, in every respect encouraging that child in that family to learn, and also being supportive of the educational environment the child comes from, whether it be the public school or the private school, or some other learning environment of which that child might be a part. We have to make sure we have the educational result that no child will fall through the cracks and, for those who do, that there is a process that the results in getting that child the best possible education so they can succeed in life as well.  This bill is all about encouraging families to save money for the education of their kids from kindergarten through graduate school, planning for the future, not relying upon somebody else. With present tax dollars, less than 50 percent of the education dollar is spent in the classroom. That means we have to look at the allocation of resources within education and decide is it better to spend that on administration or is it better to spend it on teachers in the classroom, the ones who have the hands-on contact with the minute-by-minute education of everybody in that classroom. We have to have accountability for education dollars. I am not sure we have that accountability today, when we are spending less in the classroom than we ought to be spending and more on other aspects of education than we ought to be spending.  This bill is concerned with our children. When you are concerned about our children, you are concerned about the future. When you are concerned about the future of American children, you are concerned about America's future and our place in the world, our ability to lead the world, and our ability, individually and the country as a whole, to be economically competitive in the global environment in which we are now competing.  Too many people look to Washington for the answer. They might say: Well, if you're saying people shouldn't look to Washington for an answer, they ought to look to their parents, they ought to look to their local or private school, why this legislation?  Well, this legislation is all about empowering families, empowering parents. It is not concerned with process. It is concerned with giving parents choice. Basically, all the money that comes into the Federal Treasury is taxpayers' money. It comes from that individual working man or woman in America who pays taxes. This is about giving them some control over their own resources. It is about giving them choice. It is about not having help come from Washington with a lot of redtape connected with it to create more paperwork for the teachers than maybe the dollars they receive are worth.  This definitely is not about making education policy in Washington, DC--pouring one mold in Washington and making all policy out of that mold. If we were to do that, we would be saying the problems of New York City can be solved in exactly the same way as they can be solved in Waterloo, IA. One of two things is going to happen. Either we are going to fail in one place and succeed in another or, simultaneous with that, if we get the taxpayers' money's worth in New York, we won't get their money's worth in Waterloo. So consequently, it is about saying that our country is so geographically vast and our population so heterogeneous that you shouldn't pour one mold in Washington and expect to accomplish the same amount of good wherever you are in the United States with those same taxpayer dollars.  This is a way of saying to the American people: We give you an encouragement to save. We give you a tax incentive to save for the education of your children. What meets the educational policy needs of your family, the needs of your child, in the final analysis it is made by the family for which these resources should be used, empowering the family, involving the family to a greater extent in the education of their children, and also giving them the resources to meet those needs. It is not one size fits all. If we have 110 million different taxpayers in America, then this gives the possibility of 110 million different answers to the problems of education in America.  With that background, I will speak about the two or three provisions of this legislation that I have been involved in, some of which were in the tax bill that had been vetoed in the past. In particular, I mention the tax deduction for student loan interest beyond its current 60-month payment restriction.  Everybody who is paying attention to this legislation knows that the important part of this bill is expanding the education savings account from $500 per year to $2,000 per year. In conjunction with this, we are trying to dosome things that have other tax benefits to help education, some for kindergarten through 12 and some for higher education. What I am speaking about regarding my involvement is eliminating the 60-month payment restriction for which I fought 6 years and finally got adopted in 1997, the provisions of our Tax Code that reinstitute the deductibility of interest on student loans.  To fit that into the overall revenue-neutrality provisions of the budget law, we had to cap it at 60 months. This legislation would remove that 60-month cap. As the cost of higher education continues to rise, the levels of student debt are spiraling upward. Students and their families are finding that financing a higher education is burdensome. Some students, due to financial concerns, are unable to receive the education they need.  We have a duty to assist them in their need and, in so doing, send a clear message that the Congress understands their hardships and values their efforts in improving themselves through college. Also, it gives me an opportunity to establish a principle involved in this legislation beyond just the economic points of view we are trying to make about getting an education and the economic value of that--that is, to send a clear signal to the young people of America that borrowing money to enhance their intellect is just as important, as far as the Tax Code of this country is concerned, as borrowing money for capital investment in some business. And it seems to me that parity is legitimate. Eliminating the 60-month payment restriction will eliminate costly reporting requirements that are currently required for both lenders and borrowers. That is an additional benefit to taking that 60-month limit off.  Under the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, we succeeded in reinstating the tax deduction of interest on student loans, which had been eliminated 11 years previously. This brought much needed relief to students and their families. I spoke about the budget constraints we had in 1997, which today we would not have and we don't have. So we put that 60-month payment restriction in place for revenue neutrality. Our current budget situation makes it possible to reevaluate this limitation. As the price of going to college has continued to spiral upward, student debt has risen to very high levels.  The current restriction hurts some of the most needy borrowers. It hurts those who, due to limited means, have borrowed most heavily. It also weighs heavily on those who have dedicated themselves to a career in public service, despite oftentimes lower pay that is connected with that--as an example, teachers. By eliminating the 60-month payment restriction, we will be assisting these most deserving borrowers, while rewarding civic involvement as well.  Also in this bill are provisions for assistance in school construction. Last week, a Member on the other side of the aisle asked why we are not talking about school construction and repairs. My simple answer is: Read the bill. If they did, they would find that it contains some very helpful school construction and rehabilitation incentives. School districts across the country today are struggling to fix some of the wornout rungs in a fundamentally American institution, the public schools--the ladder by which people go up the economic scale. In fact, school districts nationwide spent $18.7 billion on school construction in the last year for which we have figures, 1996. Building and repairing U.S. elementary and secondary schools requires massive capital to keep up with growing enrollments, aging buildings, and modernization needs.  My State's reputation for educational excellence has gained national prominence, as I have already referred to, throughout the 20th century. Even in my State, we have local school districts that have tremendous needs, and this bill will help them to accomplish a good building environment for the next century.  As America prepares to enter this new century--and we have--we must work to strengthen our schools and ensure our classrooms are wired to deliver a 21st century quality education. That includes fixing basic structural damage and, even more so, installing modern communications and computer equipment. But whether it is repairing leaky roofs or removing hazardous asbestos or fixing the structure, everything needs a high-tech facelift at this particular time.  Expanding greater access to affordable capital, which this bill does, will relieve pressure on the local tax base and help more school districts build and repair their schools. Initiatives in this bill do that, and I have sponsored some of those initiatives. They build on something that already works. They build upon the principle to establish tax-exempt bonds. In fact, the single most important source of funding for investment in public school construction and rehabilitation is the tax-exempt bond market. Iowa school districts were issued over $625 million in tax-exempt bonds in the last year we have figures for, which is 1998.  Whether rural or suburban or urban schools, these school districts from coast to coast are facing substantial school construction costs. The greater the flexibility the better. One size fits all won't work, whether it is in capital investment in schools or investment in personal education. That is why my plan is designed to give local school districts greater leeway to secure critical funding.  This legislation would allow school districts to partner with private investors, allowing school districts to tap deep pockets in the private sector and leverage private dollars to improve public schools. Second, it would expand the volume of school construction costs that a small school district could issue annually. This will allow smaller rural and suburban schools a better opportunity to manage the high cost of replacing or repairing aging facilities.  In conclusion, I think all of these steps, along with a lot more in this bill, are important first steps. If and when we are able to pass a more comprehensive tax relief measure, I hope to build upon these initiatives and provide even more school construction assistance to our local communities.  Unlike a lot of proposals from this administration for school construction that require local school districts to get permission from Federal Government bureaucracies, the incentives in our bill empower local people, people on the local school board, and they preserve local control. Without a doubt, that is what the people of this country want. They do not want the dictation of educational policy from Washington, DC. They do not want, as a local school board, to come hat-in-hand to some Washington bureaucrat to get permission to get a little bit of help for fixing a crack in the wall or wiring for some high-tech improvement. They want to be able to decide the needs for their community. Why should they be the ones to do that? Because they are the only ones who know about it. There is no way, no matter how intelligent a Washington bureaucrat might be, that they would know the needs of all the local school districts of our country.  This is a very good bill that will enhance education in America. This bill will provide, through tax incentives, about $8 billion in education assistance to the American people, with local control of that money. It deserves our strong support.  I yield the floor.  