  First of all, I think there is a very general proposition about the Tax Code. I want to relate it to the philosophy of higher taxation on the part of the Democratic Party members; and that is, that the higher the marginal tax rate, the worse the marriage tax penalty is.  We have in 1990 the drive for increasing taxes by Senator Mitchell when he was majority leader. That increased marginal tax rates at that particular time. Then we have had the highest tax increase in the history of the country, which was the one that was passed within 7 months after the Clinton administration was sworn in in 1993, in which we still had two higher brackets put into the Tax Code.  Remember, that tax increase passed with 49 Democrats for it, and all Republicans and a few Democrats against it. It passed by Vice President Gore breaking the tie. Remember that we have a much worse tax penalty now than we did under the tax policies of the 1980s, when we had two brackets, 15 and 28 percent. The extent to which the marriage tax penalty is worse now than before is a direct result of higher marginal tax rates promoted by the other side of the aisle.  I also have to make a point in reference to what the Senator from Montana said today, as well as what he had said yesterday; that is, his accusation that the tax bill that reduces the marriage tax penalty before us is further evidence of the majority party trying to benefit higher income people. The Senator should be aware that his Democrat alternative actually benefits more higher income people than the bill that is before us by the Republican Party. I hope he will take a look at the distribution tables that show his bill helps more higher income people than the bill we are trying to get passed.  We have also heard arguments that this legislation does not end the marriage tax penalty in every way. This legislation ends the marriage tax penalty in the standard deduction and the 15- and 28-percent rate brackets and reduces it for virtually every family that suffers from the marriage tax penalty. This is the largest attack on the marriage tax penalty since its inception in 1969.  For many working couples, those in the 15-percent and the 28-percent tax bracket, which would be up to about $127,000 under this bill, this legislation effectively ends the marriage tax penalty. For those couples in higher income brackets, this legislation provides a significant reduction in the marriage tax penalty.  It is correct that this bill does not end all marriage tax penalties in the Tax Code. There are over 60 instances of the penalty in the code. This bill is about hitting the marriage tax penalty where it hits hardest--in the middle income tax brackets, the standard deduction, and the earned-income tax credit.  There is also talk about the bill before us resulting in more Tax Code complexity. Our bill is simpler than the Democrat alternative. Our legislation eliminates the marriage tax penalty in the standard deduction and the 15-percent and 28-percent rate brackets. How could this be more simple?  I hope we can have further discussion of these disagreements because I am convinced we can soundly overcome the arguments of the other side of the aisle.  I yield the floor. The Senator from Texas may use whatever time she needs or is available.  