 President, I want to make a few comments about the reconciliation bill before us containing marriage penalty tax relief.  This is an issue about fairness, Mr. President for around thirty years our Tax Code has been penalizing people just becuase they happen to be married. This is a perfect example of how broken our Tax Code is. Just like the earnings limitation that discriminated against older Americans, this unfiar Tax needs to be dumped. It took a Republican-led Congress to repeal the Social Security earnings limit.  And now, it's the same Republican-led Congress that's talking the lead in repealing the marriage penalty tax. We tried it a couple of months ago, but we were blocked by the Democratic side from passing the bill. Now, we're back under reconciliation instructions that prevent the other side from gridlocking the Senate.  Of course, the minority side wants you to believe they're all for getting rid of the marriage penalty tax. Of course, they had control of the Congress for decades and never once tried to repeal it.  What's worse, now they're using the old bait-and-switch routine. They say they're for this tax relief, but not until Social Security and Medicare are fixed.  We all know neither the administration nor the Democratic side have comprehensive proposals to fix Social Security and Medicare, so this is just a delyaing tactic to kill the bill so, they say they're for marriage penalty relief--but only sometime in the unknown future. That's Washington D.C. double-talk.  Delaying this tax relief really means no tax relief at all.  Mr. President, we've heard other misleading arguments that under the majority bill, married couples would get a tax cut, but single mothers with kids would not get one. However, an important part of our bill repeals the alternative minimum tax for over then million people. Many of those helped will be single mothers. But, guess what's even more interesting? The Democrat alternative bill is the bill that doesn't help single mothers at all.  In addition, it's important to note that the Democrat alternative discriminates against stay-at-home moms. That's right, the Democrat proposal only helps two earner couples. So, it not only doesn't helpt those single mothers the other side was crying crocodile tears over--it hurts those families where one partent decides to stay at home with the children.  I hope all of you stay-at-home parents out there listening understand what the Democratic alternative will do to them.  Mr. President, we're going to pass this tax relief measure anad send it to President Clinton.  This begs the question--where is the Clinton-Gore administration on providing this tax reljief to working Americans? Well, a few weeks ago, the administration offered to accept mariiage penalty tax relief for a Medicare prescription drug benefit. This is the same tax relief bill the Clinton-Gore administration and Democrats have been attacking and deriding for months. Now, they're saying, forget all those bad things we said, we're ready to deal.  This just shows the Clinton-Gore administration either doesn't have any principles, or they're willing to trade them to the highest bidder.  Of course, for years this administration has been saying they would work with Congress to save social security and medicare. But, here we are near the end of this administration, and it has no comprehensive plan to save either program. They're reduced to trying to salvage a legacy by creating a hugely expensive entitlement program that could end up draining the hard-earned surplus. This is a surplus earned bythe American people, not the Government, who wants to spend it all. Interestingly, a recent polly said that 60 percent of Americans credit American workers and businesse for our successful economy. Only 39 percent credit the administration, who would like you to believe they did it all.  I think the American people are finally figuring out the Clinton-Gore charade.  We're going to see more and more of these con-games as sthe Year winds down, and this tired, worn-out administration desperately tries to reshape its disappointing place in history.  Mr. President, the time for delay is over. The time for gridlock is over. Now is the time to pass this important tax relief measure, and I urge the members of this body to come together and do what's right, by passing this legislation.  