 President, second, the interest in this legislation and the reason this is such an important piece of legislation is that there is a lot of understanding at the grassroots of America that it is immoral and unethical for people with the ability and the means to repay some of their debt to go into bankruptcy court and be discharged of that debt.  It is particularly wrong when it hurts the very same low-income and middle-income people about whom the Senator from Minnesota talks. They have to pay $400 more per family per year for goods and services. They pay a higher fee or price because somebody else isn't paying their bills. That is not going to be absorbed by the business in most cases; it is going to be passed on to the consumer.  On the basis of ability to pay, particularly for the necessities of life of food and clothing and things of that nature, it is going to hurt the low-income people and middle-income people of America disproportionately because somebody else isn't paying their bills. There is an understanding at the grassroots of America that this just isn't right. That is why this legislation has such overwhelming support.  I refer to this chart because it has letters from my constituents. I bet the Senators from Minnesota and other States are getting letters from their constituents saying the same thing.  We have a letter from a constituent of mine in Des Moines who says:       It is insane that such practice has been allowed to      continue causing higher prices to consumers. Debtors should      be required to pay their debts.  A constituent from Keokuk, IA:       Bankruptcies are out of hand. It is time to make people      responsible for their actions. Do we need to say this?  In other words, it is unconscionable to that constituent that we would have a situation with 1.4 million bankruptcies in America, with the number doubling in 5 or 6 years, at a time when we have the best economic growth in our Nation.  Another constituent:       We need to make more people responsible for their savings      while at the same time protecting those who fall on hard      times. I realize this is a delicate balance. But the way it      is now, there is very little change going this route.  This bill is a very delicate balance. That is why it passed with 83 votes. It also preserves what this constituent said in the letter. She understands that there are some people who go into debt through no fault of their own. And for the 100-year history of the bankruptcy code of the United States, we have recognized that certain people may be in hard times through no fault of their own and they are entitled to a fresh start. This allows that fresh start. But, at the same time for those who have the ability to repay, it sends a clear signal to not go into bankruptcy court because you are not going to get off scot-free anymore.  Another constituent from Fontanelle, IA, says:       People need to be more responsible for their debts. As a      small business owner, I have had to withstand several large      bills people have left with me due to their poor management      and bankruptcy.  That may be a small business person who, unlike a lot of corporations, cannot pass on this $400 per family in additional costs for goods and services because somebody else isn't paying their bills. This person may be so small that they have to absorb those costs unfairly and may be putting their own business in jeopardy.  Another constituent from Cedar Rapids:       Bankruptcy reform will force the American people to become      more responsible for their actions. Bankruptcy does not seem      to carry any degree of shame. It is almost regarded as a      right or entitlement.  If it has become a right or entitlement, the statistics of the last 6 or 7 years show an increase of about 700,000 to 1.4 million. It is an example maybe of some additional people in America seeing it as a way to manage their finances. It becomes a financial management tool for some.  Another constituent from Waverly, IA:       Many don't think the business is who loses. We make it too      easy now.  A constituent from Washington, IA:       The present bankruptcy laws are a joke. One local man has      declared bankruptcy at least four times at the expense of      suppliers to him. He just laughs at it.  There is a person who quite obviously figured out the ease of using bankruptcy as a financial planning tool.  A Cedar Falls constituent:       It is way too easy to avoid responsibility.  From Indiana, IA:       If one assumes debt, they need to pay it off. We have got      to take responsibility for our purchases.  That reminds me of the President in his speeches during his second term, and maybe even at the ending of his first term. He always talked about the importance of individual responsibility and individuals have to be responsible.  As we hopefully present this bill to the President of the United States today, I want to remind President Clinton of how often he talked about the necessity of individual responsibility. If he believes that--and I believe he does believe it--then signing this bill is very important to fulfill his own statement that government ought to promote individual responsibility.  A constituent from Harlan, IA:       Too many people use bankruptcy as a way out. We need to      make sure people are held accountable for all of their debts.  From Fort Madison:       Personal responsibility is a must in our country. Sickness      or loss of a job is one thing, but the majority of people      just do not pay and spend their money elsewhere knowing they      can unload the debt with the help of the courts.  That is a person who understands the basic principles of bankruptcy: No. 1, sickness, loss of a job, something beyond the control of an individual, there ought to be, and there has been for 100 years under a bankruptcy code, the right for a fresh start.  The other side of that is whether there is an ability to repay. People should pay what they can according to the ability to pay the debt. It also recognizes there are some people, again, who use this as a financial planning tool.  One of my constituents I quote is from Cedar Rapids:       I think people taking bankruptcy should have to pay the      money back. . . . They should have learned to work for and      pay for what they get.  Maybe that statement is not quite as sympathetic to those people who are in bankruptcy through no fault of their own. I don't know for sure. But I am happy to tell that constituent the principle behind this bill, the principle behind the bankruptcy code of the last 100 years, that there is a social policy in this country that some people are in debt through no fault of their own and they are entitled to a fresh start. She thought there should never be a bankruptcy or nobody should be able to go to bankruptcy court.  That is the balance of this legislation. This is a balance that has been recognized by the vast majority of this body with those 83 votes we had for original passage. There are things about this legislation I don't like. There are some things that even the Senator from Minnesota said should be tightened up. I won't go into what those are, but I agree with him.  In legislation, particularly as this legislation is, with varying interests--some not wanting any and some wanting a lot more--compromise is the name of the game. There hasn't been a compromise of basic principle here. There may be a compromise of degree, and I am not going to give up just because this bill passes and it is not as much in the direction he wants or I happen to agree with him on a couple of points and perhaps I might move in that direction in the future.  But we have had 20 years without bankruptcy reform. We have gone from 300,000 bankruptcies filed per year in the early 1980s to 1.4 per million now, and we have had studies showing it will go up another 15 percent. These are in good times. What about bad times, if we have a recession in the future? There are indications of a Clinton recession coming on now with the indices turning down and confidence in the economy turning down and the manufacturing sector being in recession. Maybe we are starting in this administration with a recession. Then if we are at 1.4 million when times are good, how many hundred thousands more are we going to have when we do have bad times?  When we have bad economic times, high interest rates are not good for the economy. We had testimony from Secretary Summers that bankruptcies will drive up interest rates.  I appreciate very much my friend from Minnesota and his strong position against this bill, even though I disagree with it. Hopefully, in the very next couple of hours he will not be successful in what he has been so successful doing for the last year and a half, not wanting this bill to pass. He has been a tough competitor and one I enjoy competing against. But I think he is very much wrong as he approaches this bill. The evidence is the wide bipartisan support it has had not only in this body, but it passed originally by a veto-proof margin in the House of Representatives.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Voinovich). The Senator from Minnesota.  