 President, I rise in support of the legislation being discussed today to be more fair to our senior citizens, to encourage them to work. I hope final passage will be voted on tomorrow.  I always like to follow the Senator from Florida because it gives me an opportunity to thank him for the cooperation he has given me in our work on some of the other legs of the retirement income stool. We think of Social Security as one of those, another is savings, and the other one is pensions. He and I have worked closely together in a bipartisan way to formulate pension legislation to encourage savings, to encourage employers to have established pension systems, and particularly to encourage the self-employed and smaller corporations to set up pension systems. So I thank him for that.  This legislation might not be considered part of the three-legged stool we always talk about of income security for retirement--Social Security, pensions, and private savings--but it is an opportunity for people who want to work, to work without penalty. That obviously is a very strong component, and heretofore there has been a disincentive to that activity. This eliminates that disincentive.  If I could sum up, I see at least two perspectives to this legislation.  One, as a matter of public policy in America, we should not have disincentives to productivity. Obviously, when you earn over a certain amount of money as a senior citizen drawing Social Security and you have to pay back $1 out of every $3, that is a disincentive to work. We ought to eliminate that disincentive.  A second factor is to judge people in American society on the basis of their competence and their merit and not on the basis of some arbitrary age, based on a policy that was thought good for the 1930s. Today we would not think it was good even for the 1930s. It does notconsider people's competence because the policy that was set up 65 years ago was, when you got to be 65, you were shoved out into the street to make room for younger people to come into the workforce. That was wrong.  The third thing about this legislation is the high rate of taxation. People who earn over this amount of money have to pay back $1 out of every $3 they earn over a certain amount. That is a very high marginal tax rate, maybe the highest marginal tax rate of any American.  Consider, if you earn over $17,000, you pay back $1 out of every $3. Consider also that you are already reporting, if you are earning over a certain income, 85 percent of your Social Security to be taxed a second time. It was taxed when you earned it in your working years; then consider that you pay income tax; then, last, you pay the same payroll tax everybody else pays. You can get such high marginal tax rates that it is almost a laugh to call it taxation. You should call it confiscation. Confiscation of resources in our system of government is not legitimate. It is a disincentive to productivity.  At a time in our Nation's history when we are experiencing unprecedented prosperity, we are also experiencing a shortage of experienced labor. The national unemployment rate is 4.1 percent, the lowest level in 30 years. In my home State of Iowa, it is even lower. Iowa's unemployment rate is 2.2 percent. The legislation we are debating would help alleviate some of the skilled labor shortage by removing a disincentive for older Americans to remain in the workforce if they, of their own free will, want to stay in the workforce.  The bill before us would eliminate the cap on earnings for Social Security beneficiaries between the ages of 65 and 69. Under current law, those beneficiaries have their benefits cut by $1 for every $3 they earn over that $17,000. I have already referred to that.  This benefit cut applies, of course, only to earned income. An individual could still have savings, or income from pensions, totaling any amount and continue to collect full Social Security benefits. The difference between earned and so-called unearned income does not detract from the injustice of the current Social Security and tax policy. That is why this law must be repealed. It sends a wrong message that productivity among our older citizens should be discouraged.  I would like to give some examples of people from whom I have heard in my own State who are hurt by this earnings limit.  A person by the name of Delaine Jones is working in Glenwood, IA. He is 65 years old. He understands he may live for another couple of decades and may not always be able to work. He would like to earn as much as he can while he is able to, so he can financially prepare for a high quality of life later in his life.  Then we have Sherman and Nancy Sorem of Marshalltown, IA. They were affected by the earnings limit last year.  Sherman worked for 35 years for Fisher Controls, a major corporation in Marshalltown, IA. When that corporation downsized, he retired from his position as office manager of the accounting department. However, because of his expertise, he was called back each year to help out and to advise and consult with the department.  Last year, Fisher Controls needed his expertise for a longer period of time than ever before. Unfortunately, Mr. Sorem could not continue working because he would have worked long enough to earn above the earnings limit. He and Nancy were frustrated. He could not justify losing his Social Security benefits by his continued work.  Ron Ballinger, a third person I have heard from, works for a financial processing company in Cedar Rapids, IA. He worked full time last year and was interested in working part time this year. However, he will have to officially retire in April because he will have earned up to the cap on earnings.  According to the Social Security Administration, almost 800,000 older Americans nationwide have their benefits cut because of the earnings limit. Mr. President, 800,000 people face the same issue as the three Iowans to whom I have referred. Keep in mind, that statistic does not reveal anything about how many of our older citizens do not remain in or go back to the workforce at all because they cannot afford a cut in benefits.  I have received letters and phone calls from all over Iowa and all over the country because in my position as chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, they write to me about their concerns even though I am not their Senator. These letters and phone calls are from older people discouraged by the earnings limit.  Their hard-earned Social Security benefits are cut by $1 for every $3 they earn. They see it as a tax on their continued productivity. I see it as unfair and, if I might say, even un-American. This very country of ours, particularly at this time of low unemployment, and particularly when you consider the globalization of our economy, needs skilled labor, skilled workers, people who are skilled because of a lifetime of work in a certain profession.  What happens if we do not fill that skilled labor void? We lose productivity. Then we lose our global competitive edge. Where can we look for skilled labor? We have qualified people who want to work, our older citizens. We cannot afford to lose their expertise and skills.  A letter I received from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce states:       American business is facing a severe worker shortage in      many sectors and areas of the country. Jobs are going      unfilled, especially those positions that require skilled      workers. By removing the disincentive to work, this      legislation allows seniors to apply their lifetime of      valuable knowledge and experience to the business world and      fill some of these positions.  Recognizing the need to encourage seniors to remain in the workforce is not a new idea. In fact, a report on Future Directions for Aging Policy was published in May of 1980 by the House of Representatives Select Committee on Aging, the Subcommittee on Human Services. At that time, I happened to serve as ranking Republican on that subcommittee when I was a Member of the other body.  I would like to read from the Future Directions for Aging Policy from 21 years ago. I refer to page 3 of the report summary:       At the base of such a service approach must lie an economic      strategy. We have sketched such an economic base in Appendix      5. It is designed to coalesce around work and income.      Tomorrow's seniors will want to work (trends toward early      retirement are already reversing according to a recent Lou      Harris poll), will be capable of working, and will need to      work.  I remind you, this was 20 years ago that Congress said this.       Inflation's effect on fixed incomes will see to that.      Public policy will have to create opportunities to work, both      by removing barriers of age discrimination and by stimulating      private sector employment of seniors. Moreover, income earned      will have to be preserved for much longer than ever before,      necessitating major reforms of America's pension systems.  That is something I have referred to that the Senator from Florida and I have been working on, as well.       Social Security and Supplemental Security Income, because      these are the backbone of our present economic strategy, will      probably have to be restructured in the future.  I think we have known for a long time that what we are finally about to do must be done. I am glad it is being done. The earnings test, enacted as part of the original Social Security Act passed in 1935, is outdated.  Sixty years ago, our country was in the midst of a depression. One in five people eligible to work was unemployed. The original law meant to discourage older Americans who were eligible to collect benefits from taking jobs younger people could fill. But that situation has changed--as unjustified as it was at the time--so our public policy today needs to be changed.  Because of my position as chairman of the Aging Committee, more acutely than others, I recognize the changing role of senior citizens in our society. This generation of older Americans has different responsibilities than past generations. We have seen a sharp rise in the number of grandparents who are raising their grandchildren. Furthermore, it is far more common for people to live into their eighties and nineties. Some of these very old Americans depend on their children who are often in their sixties to help care for them and pay for their at-home expenses, medical bills, groceries, and a host of otherexpenses. Eliminating the Social Security earnings limit will help raise the standard of living for these families.  While fixing this inequity in the retirement system will give fair treatment to those ages 65 to 69 who have paid into the program during their working years, I do not stand here and say that it is going to address Social Security's long-term demographic challenges.  When the baby boom generation comes on board, the revenue and benefit structure will not be able to sustain the obligations under current law. That is why I have worked with six of my Senate colleagues--Senators Judd Gregg, Bob Kerrey, John Breaux, Fred Thompson, Craig Thomas, and Chuck Robb--to craft bipartisan Senate reform legislation.  Our bill, the Bipartisan Social Security Act, which happens to be S. 1383, is the only reform legislation which has been put forth in the Senate which would make the Social Security trust fund permanently solvent--meaning, as you have to look out 75 years, under existing law, to project its solvency, our legislation has been declared to accomplish that by the General Accounting Office. In fact, it is the only one before the Congress that does that.  I will continue to press ahead and work to build a consensus among our colleagues to save Social Security and achieve long-term solvency for generations to come.  We, as a Congress, must recognize that even in this era of surpluses--meaning budget surpluses--there are serious long-term financial problems facing Social Security. These problems do not go away because we have a surplus and a good economy. The longer we wait to address reform of Social Security, the more difficult the problems will be to address, and the less time the baby boom generation will have to prepare.  As a nation, we have an evolving definition of what it means to be old. Americans are living longer and in better health. The traditional retirement age comes too soon for older people who want to or need to work past age 65. Some people want to retire; some people want to leave the workforce. Obviously, this legislation does not affect that decision of theirs. They can still do it. But if you want to contribute, if you want to remain productive, if you want to be in the workforce, by golly, through this legislation, we say we would love to have you do that. We remove economic disincentives to your doing that that are presently in the law.  I yield the floor.  