 President, I come to the floor today to discuss a critical issue: adoption of children with special needs. I appreciate the work of my Senate colleagues who cochair the Congressional Coalition on Adoption, Senators Craig and Landrieu. I thank them for their dedication in furthering adoption. Both have demonstrated their commitment to adoption through word and deed. I respect their efforts and look forward to working with them in the coming years to increase adoptions and to improve the lives of vulnerable children.  The adoption tax credit which passed in 1996 was a step in the right direction. It provided a 5-year credit for adoptions of nonspecial needs children. It provided a permanent credit for adoptions of children with special needs. I commend Senator Craig for his efforts to extend the provision relating to nonspecial needs adoptions. As Senator Craig mentioned on the floor earlier today, while extending the credit is another step in the right direction, we must not rest on our laurels. There is more to be done especially as it relates to adoption of special needs children. The cost of adoption varies widely. Private or international adoptions can cost as much as $30,000 per child. In contrast, adoptions from foster care are often subsidized by the government.  Parents who choose to adopt a child from foster care or through a publicagency incur little, if any, expenses related directly to the adoption process. However, they incur a great deal of ``incidental'' expense related to adoption. The adoption tax credit is available only for ``adoption related expenses'' which include necessary adoption fees, court costs, and attorneys' fees. This limitation works directly to the disadvantage of families adopting children with special needs, because the credit does not recognize the overwhelming indirect expenses associated with adopting such a child. These expenses might include fitting the home with a ramp for a wheelchair bound child, to cite one example.  When Congress passed the tax credit in 1996, it also directed the U.S. Department of the Treasury to issue a report on the effect of the credit. According to the Treasury report released this month, for tax year 1998, 77,000 adoptions were eligible for a tax credit--31,000 for special needs and 46,000 for non-special needs adoptions. However, of the 31,000 eligible special needs adoptions, only 4,700 received benefits from the tax credit. Compare that with 45,700 of the eligible 46,000 adoptions of non-special needs children that received benefits from the tax credit.  Let me put it another way. The Treasury Department reports 15 percent of eligible special needs adoptions received tax benefits compared with 99 percent of eligible non-special needs adoptions which received tax benefits for 1998. For those wondering why so few special needs adoptions benefited from the tax credit in 1998, here is one reason. Average expenses--allowed by current law--were reported for tax year 1998 as $3,540 per special needs adoption and $5,890 per nonspecial needs adoption. When you look at these expenses, it is clear that increasing the amount of the tax credit for special needs adoptions will have little to no impact on families seeking to adopt special needs children.  I view this as one of the flaws in current law that must be fixed. Let me be clear: I support the extension of the tax credit for non-special needs adoption. I also support taking a hard look at how the current tax credit impacts special needs adoptions. I urge my colleagues to consider the impact of the tax credit on families adapting special needs children. Again, I commend Senators Craig and Landrieu for their efforts on behalf of vulnerable children.  I yield the floor.  