 President I rise today to introduce an extremely timely piece of legislation in light of the current energy crisis facing our nation. This legislation, entitled ``The Resource Efficient Appliance Incentive Act,'' will provide a valuable incentive to accelerate and expand the production and market penetration of ultra energy-efficient appliances. Senator Rockefeller is joining me in this bipartisan effort, along with Senators Jeffords and Lincoln.  Earlier this year, the appliance industry, the Department of Energy, and the nation's leading energy-efficiency and environmental organizations came together and agreed upon significantly higher energy efficiency standards for clothes washers to accompany the new energy efficiency standards for refrigerators that go into effect in July 2001, as well as the new criteria for achieving the voluntary ``Energy Star'' designation. This agreement is significant considering the fact that clothes washers and dryers, together with refrigerators, account for approximately 15 percent of all household energy consumed in the United States.  This legislation will provide a tax credit to assist in the development of super energy-efficient washing machines and refrigerators, and creates the incentives necessary to increase the production and sale of these appliances in the short term. Manufacturers would be eligible to claim a credit of either $50 or $100, depending on efficiency level, for each super energy-efficient washing machine produced between 2001 and 2006. Likewise, manufacturers would be eligible to claim a credit of $50 or $100, depending on efficiency level, for each super energy-efficient refrigerator produced between 2001 and 2006. It is estimated that this tax credit will increase the production and purchase of super energy-efficient washers by almost 200 percent, and the purchase of super energy-efficient refrigerators by over 285 percent.  Equally important is the long-term environmental benefits of the expanded use of these appliances. Over the life of the appliances, over 200 trillion Btus of energy will be saved. This is the equivalent of taking 2.3 million cars off the road or closing 6 coal-fired power plants for a year. In addition, the clothes washers will reduce the amount of water necessary to wash clothes by 870 billion gallons, an amount equal to the needs of every household in the city the size of Phoenix, Arizona for two years. Most importantly, the benefits to consumers over the life of the washers and refrigerators from operational savings is estimated at nearly $1 billion.  In my home state of Iowa, this legislation would result in the production of1.5 million supper energy-efficient washers and refrigerators over the next six years, requiring over 100 new production jobs. I also expect Iowans to save $11 million in operational costs over the life span of the appliances, and 9 billion gallons of water--enough to supply drinking water for the entire state for 30 years.  Lastly, I believe the total revenue loss of this credit compares extremely favorably to the estimated benefits of almost $1 billion to consumers over the life of the super energy-efficient clothes washers and refrigerators from operational savings.  