 President, we often hear about some of the things that are wrong with intercollegiate athletics and how they sometimes detract from the top priority of our colleges and universities, which is educating students.  Let me point to an example of how excellence in undergraduate education and excellence in intercollegiate athletics can go hand-in-hand, and it's from my home state of Iowa.  Iowa State University is experiencing one of its most successful years ever in intercollegiate athletics.  This year, Iowa State made history by being the first university in the Big 12 Conference or its predecessor conferences--the Big 8 and the Southwest Conferences--to win four basketball trophies in one season--both men's and women's regular season and conference tournament championships.  Both teams earned ISU record-high seedings in the NCAA Tournament, the men took a second seed and the women took a third and both did well in the tournament. The men advanced to the ``Elite Eight'' and the women to the ``Sweet Sixteen'' after an ``Elite Eight' appearance last year.  Marcus Fizer became the schools' first-ever consensus first-team All-American, and Stacy Frese and Angie Welle of the women's team were also All-America selections. Stacy Frese drew this honor for the second year in a row.  The Cyclone wrestling team--led by two-time NCAA champion and tournament MVP Cael Sanderson--finished second in the nation.  The women's gymnastics team won its first-ever Big 12 Conference Championship.  These are just a few of Iowa State's 450 student-athletes, young people who are getting an education while exhibiting their special athletic skills.  And just how are they using this opportunity?  Here are some examples from last year because the final stats from this year aren't in, but I'm told they will be similar--or even better.  Of the 450 student athletes 168, or 40 percent, made the Athletic Department's Academic Honor Roll for maintaining a ``B'' or better GPA and nearly 100 earned academic All-Big 12 recognition.  This year, basketball player Paul Shirley, who majors in mechanical engineering, and Stacy Frese, a finance major, are again Academic All-Americans.  Iowa State student-athletes also lead the Big 12 in the most important statistic--their graduation rate.  They are No. 1 in the Big 12 regarding their four-year graduation rates and No. 1 regarding their six-year graduation rates two of the past three reporting periods.  Iowa State student athletes are also No. 1 in terms of overall graduation rate for student-athletes who stay in school for their entire eligibility with 9 of out 10 student athletes getting their degree.  We are all very proud of the Cyclones this year for what they have done in competition, and in the classroom. I hope I have the opportunity to come to the floor and offer the same statistics and facts next year. Go Cyclones!  