 President, today I am joining Senator Feingold of Wisconsin in introducing the Medicare Home Health Refinement Act of 2000. I want to thank my colleague for inviting me to join him in this effort to preserve our nation's home health providers.  In my work as Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, of which Senator Feingold is a member, I have been monitoring our nation's critical home health care system closely. In 1997, we investigated distressing examples of fraud and abuse among a few home health agencies (HHAs). In 1998, I chaired a hearing on the devastating effects of the Interim Payment System (IPS) for home health. Unfortunately, my legislative efforts to improve the payment system that year were blocked. Last year, the Aging Committee held a hearing on the new OASIS information collection instrument, and on the burden it imposed on home care providers.  At this point in 2000, the main challenge facing our system of home care is the new Prospective Payment System (PPS), which will take effect on October 1 of this year. We've been workingtoward this for many years, and I am gratified that it will finally happen. The Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA) published the final PPS rule on June 28, and I was pleased to hear that many home health providers consider it an improvement over the proposed rule. After the trauma of the Interim Payment System, I have high hopes that the PPS will be great news for our Medicare beneficiaries who need home care.  Even so, the new PPS will pose major transitional challenges for home health agencies, and this bill seeks to ease that transition so that the PPS will succeed. The bill does the following:  1. Emergency cash flow assistance. The bill provides one-time advance payments to home health agencies during transition from IPS to PPS. Eligible agencies either have low cash reserves, have negative cash flow under PPS as defined by the Secretary of HHS, or were eligible to receive funds from the Periodic Interim Payment (PIP) system on September 30, 2000. Payments equal the average total Medicare costs incurred by the agency in a three-month period as reported on the agency's most recently settled cost report. Payments would be available for six months and repaid within twelve months.  Agencies would also receive 80 percent of the 60-day episode payment rate after notifying HCFA of admission, with the remaining 20 percent coming after submission of final episode claim, instead of 60/40 under the rule published on June 28, 2000. HCFA would also be prohibited from imposing conditions on a claim based on the status of an earlier claim for the same beneficiary.  The rationale for this is that PIP, which largely serves nonprofit, community-based agencies with minimal cash reserve, will be discontinued as of October 1. If PPS delays a substantial portion of payment until after termination of patient episode, providers will have significant cash flow problems. Many agencies are unable to secure lines of credit or other loans because of the effect of IPS on cash reserves.  2. Reimbursement for unfunded PPS-related costs. The bill reimburses agencies for technology costs required for PPS compliance, up to $10 per beneficiary. Payments would be authorized for Fiscal Years 2001 through 2003.  The rationale for this item: agencies have had to purchase new hardware, software, and other technology to comply with new rules. These costs are not reimbursed by Medicare.  3. Reimbursement for OASIS labor costs. It reimburses agencies for labor costs associated with OASIS assessments, up to $30 per beneficiary annually. Payments are authorized for FY 2001-2003.  This is needed because the final rule provides for only a modest payment per episode, despite an estimated hour of time needed for a skilled clinician to collect information at admission, plus time for data quality review and follow-up.  4. Creation of a fee schedule for non-routine medical supplies. The bill develops a separate fee schedule for medical supplies under prospective payment.  This is essential because PPS rates include the average medical supply cost, but some agencies' patient populations have greater or lesser medical supply needs. The original rates would underpay agencies that treat these vulnerable populations and overpay agencies that treat patients with low medical supply needs. This provision has no budget impact.  Mr. President, I recognize that there are other issues that pose a major threat to our home care system, including the 15 percent cut scheduled for October 2001. This bill does not address that issue, though it is obvious that Congress will have to do so. But this bill will help make the new PPS a success, so home care providers can use their resources to see patients, which is what they do best. I will seek the inclusion of this bill in any Finance Committee Medicare provider package we put together this year.  