 President, the administration is at it again. Late last month, it issued its findings from the latest Household Survey on drug use in America. You would have to look fast to find anything about it. As usual, the administration chose to release the information when no one was looking. And as usual, they did this hoping no one would notice. Given that the majority of the press did not bother to do more than rephrase the press release from the Department of Health and Human Services, it would be hard to figure out just what the 300-odd page report actually said anyway. But neither the press release nor the news accounts do justice to what is not happening. What is not happening is the fact that the drug use picture is not getting any better.  When it comes to drugs, the administration just can't say it straight.  It continues the trend of its incumbency of labeling bad news or good news and counting on the press to not look beyond the hype. In releasing the latest data, Secretary Shalala says that the report shows the continuing downward trend in drug use. She remarked at the press conference that, ``We've not only turned the corner--we're heading for home plate,''--suggesting that the report shows that the administration has hit a home run.  I'm not sure at which game Secretary Shalala is playing, but the most generous interpretation is that she clearly is not reading her own reports or her staff is not telling her what's in them. She needs new glasses or new staff. Despite this happy talk, even HHS's own press release notes that, ``Illicit drug use among the overall population 12 and older remained flat.'' That may be a home run down at HHS but in plain English that means ``no change.'' In my book, ``flat'' does not mean continuing a downward trend.  I suppose in an election year ``no change'' in how many people are using drugs is a sign of success. Least ways, that's how this administration sees it. Or, wants you and me to see it. But when you actually get down into the numbers, this ``success'' is not all it appears to be. It shares something with the Cheshire cat--it disappears when you look at it. In true Alice in Wonderland logic, down is not always not up. To follow Shalala's analogy with baseball, what we have here is not a home run but the runner rounding the bases on a foul ball.  Before I get to actual numbers, let me say something on background about this year's report. The thing to note is that the administration has changed the methodology for how it collects data for the report. Why is that important? Here's what the report says: ``Because of the differences in methodology and impact of the new survey design on data collection, only limited comparisons can be made between data from the 1999 survey and data from surveys prior to 1999.''  Now, in those years since 1993, that data show dramatic increases in drug use on this administration's watch. During each of those years, however, the administration tried to put a ``spin'' on the information, calling bad news good news. Instead of doing that any more, they have decided to play hide and seek with the information. Don't like the results? Well . . . Change the way you figure them and declare success. As with the Cheshire cat, pretty soon all you're left with is the smile. Even this little bit of sleight of hand, however, does not wholly work.  It's really very simple. There has been no significant change for the better in the rate of past month drug use on this administration's watch. More seniors graduating from high school today report using drugs than in any year since 1975. Almost 55 percent of high school seniors now report using an illegal drug before graduation.  Use of heroin among young people is on the rise. We are in the midst of a methamphetamine epidemic. If reports are accurate, we are awash in Ecstasy and its use among the young is accelerating. The rate of illicit drug use has increased in six out of the last seven years.  The administration tries to hide this fact by reporting on a decline of use among 12-17-year-olds in hopes no one will notice an increase among 18-25-year-olds. But this is a statistical game. Although there is an unfortunate trend in the onset of drug use at earlier ages, onset begins most typically among 15-18-year-olds. By including the earlier years in the count, you disguise the true rate of increase.  Even allowing for the moment that the administration spin is true, however, does not change the fact that youthful use of drugs continues spiraling upwards.  Today's use levels are 70 percent higher than when this administration took office. The numbers are not getting better. Yet, we have another report and another press release touting victory. This is shameful and to call it anything else is a sham.  And just as bad, fewer kids are reporting that using illicit drugs is dangerous--a sure sign of future problems. Especially at a time when we have a well-monied, aggressive legalization campaign that this administration has done little to counter. And this despite a $200 million-a-year ad campaign aimed at exactly these age groups thatthis administration touts as a success. The most optimistic thing a recent GAO report had to say about this much-troubled effort is the hope that it might do better.  The administration also continues the game of trying to hide its record by lumping the increasing use figures on its watch with the decreasing use figures in earlier administrations. I have complained repeatedly about this gimmick. This is just plain deception.  Mr. President, I am often critical of this administration's happy-go-lucky ways when it comes to drug policy. The administration is like the grasshopper in the old fable. It's out there fiddling around when it ought to be working. That said, I do not mean this criticism to detract from the fine work done by the many men and women in our law enforcement agencies. These fine people risk their lives every day to do important and difficult work on behalf of the public.  I want to take a moment to highlight some of the achievements and invaluable service provided to this nation by the men and women of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the U.S. Customs Service, and the U.S. Coast Guard. As chairman of the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control, I would like to express my thanks and make known the tremendous pride that I think we should all have in the good people in these agencies.  The men and women of the DEA, Customs, and the Coast Guard are dedicated to the protection of the United States and to ensuring the safety of our children and our lives from the devastating affects of the drug trade. They are called on daily to place their lives in harm's way in an effort to keep our nation secure. When they are boarding smuggler's vessels on the seas. When they stop terrorists at the border. When they investigate narcotics trafficking organizations around the globe. When they dismantle clandestine methamphetamine labs, engage in undercover operations, safeguard our ports of entry, or shut down ecstasy peddling night clubs, these fine people risk their lives and well being for all of us.  DEA efforts this year include Operation Mountain Express, which arrested 140 individuals in 8 cities, seized $8 million and 10 metric tons of pseudoephedrine tablets, which could have produced approximately 18,000 pounds of methamphetamine. In addition, DEA's Operation Tar Pit, in cooperation with the FBI, resulted in nearly 200 arrests in 12 cities and the seizure of 41 pounds of heroin. The heroin ring they busted was peddling dope to kids, many of these kids died. DEA, in conjunction with State and local law enforcement, has also aggressively dismantled hundreds of clandestine methamphetamine labs that poison our urban and rural communities.  The United States Customs Service has seized over 9,000,000 Ecstasy tablets in the last 10 months. Ecstasy is an emerging problem that affects not only our large cities but many rural areas, including my home State of Iowa. In addition, their Miami River operations have resulted in the seizure of 18 vessels, mostly arriving from Haiti, and over 7,000 pounds of cocaine--a small portion of the over 122,000 pounds of cocaine seized this fiscal year. Finally, the Customs Service has seized over 1 million pounds of marijuana and over 2,000 pounds of heroin as well, often in very risky situations.  Coast Guard successes this year include a record-breaking seizure total of over 123,000 pounds of cocaine, including many major cases in the Eastern Pacific. This effort went forward even while still interdicting over 4,000 illegal alien migrants bound for U.S. shores. In addition, the deployment of two specially equipped interdiction helicopters in Operation New Frontier had an unprecedented success rate of six seized go-fast vessels in six attempts.  Finally, as announced last month, a joint DEA and Customs investigation--supported by the Coast Guard and Department of Defense--concluded a 2-year multinational case against a Colombian drug transportation organization. The result was the arrest of 43 suspects and the seizure of nearly 25 tons of cocaine, with a retail street value of $1 billion. Operation Journey targeted an organization that used large commercial vessels to haul multi-ton loads of cocaine. This organization may have shipped a total of 68 tons of cocaine to 12 countries in Europe and North America.  I believe we should all be proud of the jobs these folks do on our behalf.  