 President, today the Commerce Committee had an oversight hearing on violence marketed to children by the entertainment industry. This oversight is long overdue. I congratulate Senator McCain for holding such a hearing.  The purpose of the hearing was to look at the FTC study that just came out that charged the entertainment industry with marketing of violent films and videos to children.  The bottom line is that as we have heard President Clinton and Vice President Gore respond to the FTC rulings, there is an inconsistency in their responses and how they have generally interacted with Hollywood over the last 8 years.  I establish as a basis for my remarks some quotes from the various newspapers of the recent month and a half. For instance, on September 12, the Washington Post, commenting on this, said:       In separate time zones, but with one message, President      Clinton and Vice President Gore delivered a joint threat to      the entertainment industry today that harsh regulation could      come if the makers of explicit and violent movies, recordings      and video games do not stop advertisement at children.  I continue to read from the same story in the Washington Post. Later on it says:       But Gore has not always appeared consistent on this issue.      In 1987, as he was gearing up for his first presidential      campaign, Gore and his wife held a meeting with rock music      executives in which Gore apologized for his role in a 1985      Senate Commerce Committee hearing on rock music lyrics. A      tape of the meeting was obtained by Daily Variety. Tipper      Gore, who had testified at the hearing on behalf of the      Parents Music Resource Center, called the hearing ``a      mistake. . .that sent the wrong message.''       Last year, the Los Angeles Times reported that Gore met      privately with potential donors in the entertainment industry      in July 1999 and told them the idea for the FTC study--  Which I just referred to--       was Clinton's and not his, and that he was not consulted.  Then on August 18, the Chicago Tribune shows an inconsistency in how they react and work with Hollywood at different times. It says:       In southern California, records show, Gore and the      Democratic National Committee so far have raised $10.3      million--a 13 percent increase--at a time when the DNC's      nationwide fundraising pace is lagging behind 1996, when      Clinton ran for re-election.  Quoting further in the article:       Gore generated $443,050 in hard money from the      entertainment industry, 86 percent more than Clinton in 1996.      He also took in $340,375 from lawyers and lobbyists, a 66      percent increase, and $124,350 from real estate interests, an      82 percent jump.  Now I will quote from the August 18 Los Angeles Times. The reference in the headline reads: ``. . .The Vice President is building upon that legacy'' to follow Clinton's close relationship with Hollywood. ``He has already raised more than the President did in '96.''  Later on in that article, referring to a person whom I do not know--his name is Reiner:       But Reiner . . . has expressed greater support for Gore      than he had for Clinton. He has     hosted fund-raisers for Gore at his home, stumped for him on      television and even flew to Ohio to join him at a campaign      event last week.  A reference to the fact there were Hollywood types campaigning strongly for the Vice President because there was some chagrin in Hollywood, at least for a short period of time, about whether he is a legitimate crusader against Hollywood violence, which Senator Lieberman is, that he was being selected as Vice President.  The Los Angeles Times reports on August 17, 2000--and this was Vice President Gore doing this.       The effort to blunt any dissent over Lieberman's selection      started as word leaked out of his ascension to the ticket.      Gore, according to an associate, made a round of soothing      calls to Hollywood figures, including moguls Jeffrey      Katzenberg and David Geffen.  I have already congratulated Senator McCain for holding this hearing. We need to do what we can to stop violence being peddled by Hollywood so our young people do not think it is right to kill anybody. I do think it is wrong for the very people who are carrying on this crusade--the Vice President and the President--schmoozing at the same time they are carrying on this campaign with Hollywood.  I want to comment on Vice President Gore's curious interest in criticizing the entertainment industry for producing violent movies, television shows, and video games that promote immorality and attack traditional family values.  I do not doubt for 1 minute, as I have already indicated, that Senator Lieberman is very sincere in his views on this matter, but the fact is that the Vice President is at the top of the Democratic ticket, and everyone knows that he will set the real tone should he be elected in November.  The fact is that the Vice President has taken a record amount of money from the entertainment industry. I refer, again, to the Chicago Tribune. The Vice President and the Democratic National Committee have raised $10.3 million from southern California as of August this year, a 13 percent increase over 1996, and the Vice President has gotten $443,050 in hard money from the entertainment industry, 86 percent more than President Clinton received in 1996.  The Clinton-Gore administration has been a real friend to the Hollywood liberals over the years. I guess all of those campaign contributions have had some effect. I think that when Hollywood producers hear one of their best friends in Washington criticize the entertainment industry, they just look to their ``cozy relationship'' with Clinton-Gore. The Hollywood moguls know Gore does not really mean what he says; at least that is a clear signal. Hollywood knows Gore does not really want to ``rock the boat.''  For instance, how many times at these fundraisers that they had was the opportunity taken to protest the violence coming from Hollywood through their films and their videos?  According to the L.A. Times, the Vice President privately told a group of Hollywood donors that he had nothing to do with President Clinton's effort to study whether Hollywood markets violence to children and that he was not consulted on the issue. That was in 1999.  But now that the study is out--this study came out this week--Vice President Gore is talking it up and taking credit. The Vice President is acting as if he has not made private promises to his big campaign donors and to Hollywood notables that they should not worry about a crackdown on Hollywood excesses. But we have heard all of this before.  In 1988, then-Senator Gore made similar promises after holding hearings into offensive music lyrics. It appears the Vice President will say what he wants to say, what he needs to say, to anybody he needs to say it to, just to get elected. I think the American people will not be fooled by these kinds of bait-and-switch tactics. They know a phony act when they see one.  In fact, Hollywood liberals are actively campaigning for the Vice President. For example, according to press reports, stars and movie producers have hosted Gore fundraisers, and some have even stumped for Gore around the country. So much then for standing up to Hollywood as opposed to schmoozing with them.  The American people need their leaders to take a genuine interest in building a civil society of which we can all be proud. We need leaders who will make sure children are protected from violence and immorality peddled under the guise of entertainment.  What we do not need is the Vice President telling the American people one thing while--with a wink and nod towards Hollywood, towards the big shots of the movie industry--assuring the Hollywood elite he does not mean what he says as he pockets their cold cash.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  