 We hope to finish by next Tuesday or Wednesday. We have the number of amendments down to about nine, with limits on debate on most of those amendments. It looks as if we can see the end of the debate and what I hope will be final passage. I think I can predict final passage because we did pass this legislation with only one or two dissenting votes duringthe year of 1998. At that particular time, it was too late in the session to get the bill back to the House before final adjournment, so obviously in 1999 we had to start over again. That is concluding now with the House passing the bill in the middle of last year by a veto-proof margin.  At this point, I will say a few words about how we have thought of the proper role of bankruptcy over the course of our Nation's history. Congress' authority to create bankruptcy legislation derives from the body of the Constitution. Article I, section 8, clause 4, authorizes Congress to establish ``uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcy throughout the United States.''  Until the year 1898, we did not have permanent bankruptcy laws; they were temporary. They were temporary reactions to particular economic problems. With each successive bankruptcy act and each major reform of our Nation's bankruptcy laws, we have refined our concept of how bankruptcy should promote the important social goal of giving honest but unfortunate Americans a fresh start while at the same time we guard against the moral hazard of making bankruptcy too lax. Quite frankly, since 1978 that is exactly what has happened. In the last 6 or 7 years, we have seen an explosion of the number of bankruptcies, from about 700,000 to about 1.4 million.  We do not have solid statistics on this, but hopefully that 100-percent rise in bankruptcies over the last 6 years has leveled off now. We think it has. If it has leveled off, hopefully it will start to decline. Some of that is attributable to our working on this legislation and sending a signal not only to people who are unfortunate and are considering bankruptcy, but to our entire society that Congress is taking a look at this 1978 legislation. The point of that legislation may not have been to make it easier to go into bankruptcy, but that has been the final product of that 1978 legislation. Hence, our reconsideration of that 1978 legislation with the amendments that are in this bill will send a signal to the people of this country that those who have the ability to pay should not be in bankruptcy in the first place. But if they decide to go into bankruptcy, they are not going to get off scot-free. That still retains our social practice, which has been that if they deserve a fresh start, they will still get it.  The bill before us proposes fundamental reforms which are a logical outgrowth and an extension of our prior bankruptcy reform efforts. I am talking about certain reforms that have taken place over the last 102 years. From 1898, which is the start of our permanent bankruptcy legislation, until 1938, consumers had only one way to declare bankruptcy. It was called straight bankruptcy, or chapter 7 bankruptcy. Under chapter 7, which is still in existence, bankrupts surrender some of their assets to the bankruptcy court. The court sells these assets and uses the proceeds to pay creditors. Any deficiency, then, is wiped out, hence the term ``a fresh start.''  In 1932, the President recommended changes to the bankruptcy laws which would push wage earners into repayment plans. Later in the 1930s--and the exact date is 1938--Congress created, then, as a result of this suggestion 8 years before, chapter 13, which permits but does not require a debtor to repay a portion of his or her debts in exchange for limited debt cancellation and protection from debt collection efforts. Chapter 13 is still on the books to this very day, although it has been modified several times, most notably that modification in 1978.  Under current law, the choice between chapter 7 and chapter 13 is entirely voluntary. Since it is entirely voluntary, that is the cause of part of the problems we have now. People who have the ability to repay, who might use chapter 13 of the bankruptcy code as part of their financial planning, try to get into 7 and do not have to go into 13. As a result of not going into 13, they can get off scot-free.  Senators, decades before this Senator, saw a weakness in this. In the late 1960s, there was a distinguished Senator from Tennessee by the name of Albert Gore, Sr. He introduced legislation to push people into repayment plans. This proposal was reported to the Senate as part of a bankruptcy tax bill passed by the Finance Committee, but the Gore amendment ultimately died in the Senate.  Later, in the mid-1980s, Senator Dole and a Congressman from Oklahoma by the name of Mike Synar tried to steer higher income bankrupts--those who could repay some of their debt, those who were going into bankruptcy chapter 7 to get off scot-free--to steer those people to chapter 13. That was a good idea by Senator Dole and Congressman Mike Synar. The efforts of Senator Dole and the Congressman, though, ultimately resulted in the creation of section 707(b). This section gives bankruptcy judges the power to dismiss the bankruptcy case of someone who has filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy if that case is--and these are the words from the law--if that case is a ``substantial abuse'' of the bankruptcy code.  This idea sounds very good and probably was quite a step forward by Senator Dole and Congressman Synar, but it has not worked so well in the real world. First, the term ``substantial abuse'' has not been clearly defined, and its actual meaning is very unclear. Why? Not because of the intent of the authors, but because we have had so many conflicting court cases. The decisions have brought conflicts in this area of the law from different parts of the country, so people are not sure what the rules are.  There is a second reason. Creditors and private trustees are actually forbidden from bringing evidence of abuse to the attention of the bankruptcy judge. I want to think that this was an oversight by Senator Dole and Congressman Synar. Or it may have been part of a necessary compromise at the time to take a small step forward. But it is unreasonable, if you believe there has been a substantial abuse of the bankruptcy code, and going into chapter 7 and, according to the language of the statute, there has been ``substantial abuse,'' that somehow knowledge of that cannot be brought to the attention of a bankruptcy judge by creditors and private trustees.  The bill before our body corrects these two shortcomings. Under this bill, 707(b) now permits creditors and private trustees to file motions and actually bring evidence of chapter 7 abuses to the attention of the bankruptcy judge. This change is very important since creditors have the most to lose from bankruptcy abuse, and, of course, the private trustees are often in the best position to know which cases are abusive in nature. In certain types of cases where the probability of abuse is high, the Department of Justice is also required to bring evidence of abuse to the attention of bankruptcy judges.  Additionally, the bill requires judges to dismiss or convert chapter 7 cases where the debtor has a clear ability to repay his or her debts. Under this bill, if someone who has filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy can repay 25 percent or more of his or her general unsecured debts, or a total of $15,000 over a 5-year period, then a legal presumption arises that this case should be dismissed or converted to a repayment plan under another chapter.  Taken together, these changes will bring the bankruptcy system back into balance. I am sure it is a balance that Senator Dole and Congressman Synar sought in the first instance. Importantly, these changes preserve an element of flexibility so each and every debtor can have his or her special circumstances considered. That is important, as well, as we give some leeway, some flexibility, to the bankruptcy judge when this sort of evidence is brought. This will not put any group of bankrupts in a straitjacket. All of this means then that their unique situation will be taken into account.  As we proceed to consider this bill, I hope my colleagues will keep in mind the balance of this legislation, the fair nature of this legislation, as well as its deep historical roots, not going back, I suppose, to the beginning of our country but, as far as a uniform permanent bankruptcy code, to 1898.  I also think this is a tribute--as the Senator from Vermont spoke about earlier--that we have been working very closely between Republicans and Democrats on crafting a bipartisan measure.  That reminds me again that, as with last fall when we first started consideration of this bill--we are continuing it now because we did not finish it last year--a great deal of credit goes to the Senator from New Jersey, Mr.Torricelli, for his outstanding cooperation with me on this legislation, in addition to Senator Leahy because as chairman of the subcommittee that handles this legislation, I had to work very closely, and enjoyed working very closely, with Senator Torricelli. We introduced the bill together. We got it out of subcommittee together. We got it out of the full committee together. This enjoyed a great deal of bipartisan support in the Senate Judiciary Committee.  Lastly, I just ask my colleagues to come to the floor. We were told that a couple of the authors of these amendments would be prepared to come to the floor this afternoon to debate these amendments and, except for votes, to take care of some of these amendments. I hope my colleagues will come.  I yield the floor.  