 President, I am pleased to join my Illinois colleague, Senator Fitzgerald, as a cosponsor of his legislation banning MTBE. MTBE contaminates water, and it has been found in water throughout the United States.  With every day that passes, more water is being contaminated. Oddly enough, we have passed a clean air bill to clean up the air, and the oil companies have used a product to meet the requirements of the clean air bill that contaminates the water.  But there is an additive to the gasoline that will clean up the air as well as not contaminate the water. I will talk about that in just a minute.  It is simple: With every day that passes, more water is being contaminated.  Last August, the Senate soundly passed a resolution that I cosponsored with Senator Boxer of California calling for an MTBE ban.  In the face of damaging, irresponsible action by the Clinton administration, it is time we put some force to our Senate position. How long must Americans suffer this dilatory charade by President Clinton's administration, also bythe petroleum industry, and particularly by California officials? I say California officials because they have asked that the Clean Air Act of 1990 be gutted.  I have intentionally held my fire until after the California primary because I would not want anyone to misconstrue my motives in an attempt to undermine Vice President Gore's political ambitions. But today I think it is time to say it as it really is: President Clinton, Vice President Gore, and the Environmental Protection Agency's Administrator, Carol Browner, have been dragging their feet--and dragging their feet too long.  They gave the oil and the MTBE industry everything they wanted. At the request of big oil, they threw out regulations proposed by President Bush which would have, by some estimates, tripled and even quadrupled ethanol production. This was done on the first day of the Clinton administration.  Instead, when they finally got around to putting some rules out, the administration approved regulations that guaranteed a virtual MTBE monopoly in the reformulated gasoline market.  This decision by the Clinton administration, way back then in the early part of the administration, opened wide the door for petroleum companies to use MTBE and thus contaminate our water.  With egg on its face, with an environmental disaster on its hands, the Clinton administration continues to delay and also duck its leadership responsibilities.  A replacement for MTBE exists today, but most oil companies refuse to use it. The Environmental Protection Agency's Director, Carol Browner, has been told time and time again, in every imaginable way possible, how MTBE can be replaced, and in California totally replaced this very day.  But she, as other Clinton-Gore officials, always seems to come up with some sort of excuse, a reason for delay, some other hurdle.  Last week, as the congressional delegation met with our Governor from Iowa, we were told that Carol Browner asked for more information on this subject about the supply of an alternative to MTBE--which is ethanol--that she needed more information. It happens to be information that the Environmental Protection Agency already has.  The new hurdle she is creating is the question: Is there enough of this alternative, ethanol? You might ask: Enough for what? To replace all MTBE today or tomorrow? That is kind of insulting. It is also incredible.  I want to illustrate how it is insulting and incredible with this point. Imagine the following: You have a brush fire sweeping to the city's edge, devouring home after home. Panicked citizens call 911, but the fire engines remain silent. The home owners scream to the fire department: Why won't you come to our rescue? The fire chief says: We don't have enough water to save the whole city, and until we can save all, we will save none.  It is absurd. Of course it is. Yet an equally absurd and dangerous line has been drawn by most California big oil companies and their political apologists. In the face of the largest environmental crisis of this generation--which is the contamination of water by the petroleum companies' controlled product, MTBE--Californians are being held hostage, forced to buy water-contaminating, MTBE-laced gasoline, even though a superior MTBE replacement is available, and available this very day--not tomorrow, not next year, but today.  California Governor Davis' so-called ``ban'' allows MTBE to be sold ``full bore, business-as-usual'' until the end of the year 2002.  Worse yet, California legislators dropped the deadline altogether. But why the wait? Well, we are told there is not enough of this MTBE alternative and thus the illogical decree imposed: No MTBE will be removed until all MTBE is removed. And with every day that passes, more of our water is contaminated. Think of this: A mere teacup of MTBE renders undrinkable 5 million gallons of water. CBS's ``60 Minutes,'' referred to by my colleague from Illinois, reported California has already identified 10,000 ground water sites contaminated by MTBE and that ``one internal study conducted by Chevron found that MTBE has contaminated ground water at 80 percent of the 400 sites that the company tested.''  Yet big oil holds you hostage, forcing you to buy MTBE-laced gasoline until either the Clinton-Gore administration or Congress guts one of the most successful Clean Air Act programs, the reformulated gasoline oxygenate requirement. So big oil is hoping that gullible bureaucrats and politicians conclude that MTBE is not the real problem but, instead, the real problem happens to be the oxygenate provisions of the 1990 Clean Air Act. Get rid of the oxygenate requirement and, presto, MTBE disappears.  People in my State are not buying that line. Iowa has no oxygenate requirement. Yet MTBE has been found in 29 percent of our water supplies tested. Let it be clear, let there be absolutely no misunderstanding: Iowa's water and the water in every Senator's State was contaminated by a product that big oil added to their gasoline, and it was not contaminated by the Clear Air Act. Big oil did everything it could to persuade Clinton-Gore appointees and judges in our courts to guarantee that MTBE monopolized the Clean Air Act's oxygenate market.  Our colleagues need to understand that nearly 500 million gallons of MTBE are sold every year throughout the United States, not to meet the oxygenate requirements of the Clean Air Act that I have been talking about up to this point, but as an octane enhancer in markets all over the United States where the oxygenate requirements under the Clean Air Act to clean up the smog don't even apply.  So your water is in danger whether you live in a city that has to meet the oxygenate requirements of the 1990 Clean Air Act or not because big oil uses the poison MTBE as an octane enhancer lots of places. So that gets us to a point where they want us to believe that changing the 1990 Clean Air Act is the solution to all the problems. I ask, how will gutting the Clean Air Act's oxygenate requirements protect the rest of America's water, if most gallons of gasoline have MTBE in them for octane enhancement outside the Clean Air Act? Well, that answer is pretty simple. It is not going to clean it up until we get rid of all MTBE. We need to, then, ban MTBE, which this bill we are introducing today does, not ban the Clean Air Act, or at least not gut it by eliminating the oxygenate requirements of it, which big oil says is the solution to our problem.  Then we get to what is the superior MTBE replacement that is available today. My colleagues don't have to wait for me to tell them what my answer is to that, but I will. It is ethanol, which is nothing more than grain alcohol. Let's get that clear. We are talking about MTBE, a poisonous product, poisoning the water in California, where the oxygenate requirements are, but also in the rest of the country where it is used as an octane enhancer, and grain alcohol on the other hand that you can drink. Ethanol can be made from other things as well. It can be made from California rice straw. It can be made from Idaho potato waste. It can be made from Florida sugarcane, North Dakota sugar beets, New York municipal waste, Washington wood and paper waste, and a host of other biodegradable waste products. Ethanol is not only good for your air, but if it did get into your water, your only big decision would be whether to add some ice and tonic before you drink it.  As my colleagues know, I am a teetotaler, so I am not going to pretend to advise you on the proper cocktail mixes. Today there is enough ethanol in storage and from what can be produced from idle ethanol facilities to displace all of the MTBE California uses in a whole year. It is available today not tomorrow, not the year 2002. And more facilities to produce it are in the works.  But big oil proclaims there is not enough ethanol. Translation, as far as I can tell: We, as big oil, don't control ethanol; farmers control it. So we don't want to use it.  They argue that ethanol is too difficult to transport. Translation: We would rather import Middle East MTBE from halfway across the world than transport ethanol from the Midwest of our great country. Big oil whines: Keeping the oxygenate requirement will give ethanol a monopoly. This is a whale of a tale, and it is kindof hard to translate into sensible English. Since it takes half as much ethanol as MTBE to produce a gallon of reformulated gasoline, big oil will reap a 6.2-percent increase in the amount of plain gasoline used in reformulated gasoline. So how in the world does boosting by a whopping 6.2 percent gasoline's share of the reformulated gasoline market constitute a monopoly for ethanol? That issue has been raised with Senators on the environmental committee.  Currently, MTBE constitutes 3 percent of our total transportation fuel market. Ethanol, if it replaces all MTBE, would, therefore, gain a 1.5-percent share. Think about that. A 1.5-percent market share, if it is ethanol, is defined as a monopoly share. But a 3-percent market share, if it is MTBE, is not a monopoly.  I think it is pretty simple to get it because the translation of this big oil babble is this: Market share, as small as 1.5 percent, if not controlled by big oil, shall henceforth be legally defined as a monopoly. Market share at any level, 3 percent to 100 percent, if it is controlled by big oil, shall never be defined as a monopoly. It is such a bizarre proposition that a mere 1.5 percent of market equals a monopoly.  Big oil claims ethanol is too expensive. Let me translate that for you: We prefer--meaning oil--our cozy relationship with OPEC that allows us to price gouge Americans rather than sell at half the price an oxygenate controlled by American farmers and ethanol producers.  I hope you caught that. If not, you ought to brace yourself, sit down with your cup of coffee, get anything dangerous out of your hands. The March 7, 2000, west coast spot wholesale price for gasoline was $1.27 per gallon. MTBE sold for just over $1.17 per gallon, 10 cents less. But ethanol came right in at the same price, $1.17 a gallon. Now, remember, it takes twice as much MTBE as it does ethanol to meet the Clean Air Act's oxygenate requirement. In other words, at the March 7 prices, oxygenates made from ethanol cost petroleum marketers half as much as the oxygenate made from their product, MTBE.  So even though big oil has at its disposal an oxygenated alternate to MTBE, which costs half as much, and that will protect our water supplies, big oil, with the help of the Clinton administration, continues to hold hostage the people of California and other Americans who are forced to use MTBE.  Last summer, I asked President Clinton to announce that he would deny California's request to waive the oxygenate requirement. I asked him to announce that he would veto any legislation that would provide for such a waiver. I have heard nothing on this subject. No answer to my letter has come from the President. His silence, and that of Vice President Gore and the rest of the administration, is very deafening.  American farmers are suffering the worst prices in about 23 to 25 years. If farmers are allowed to replace MTBE with ethanol, farm income will jump $1 billion per year. But, no, increasing farm income through the marketplace, both domestic and foreign, seems to be of no interest to the Clinton-Gore administration, considering their unwillingness to act and make these public statements that would send a clear signal, as far as this consideration is concerned, that MTBE's days of poisoning the water are over, replacing that with something that is safe, something that will help the farmers, and something that will send a clear signal to OPEC that we are done with our days being dependent upon them for our oil supplies and our energy.  In the process of doing that, they would help clean up our environment as well. But that doesn't seem to be of any concern to this administration either when it comes to MTBE. It seems, unfortunately, that the only thing on the collective mind of this administration is the Vice President running for President, his legacy, his partisan politics; everybody's eyes are on the next election.  So I repeat, MTBE is the problem, not the Clean Air Act, as the big oil companies want us to believe. The answer to all this is so simple and clear:  As our bill does, ban MTBE, but don't gut the Clean Air Act's oxygenate requirement.  Let America's farmers fill this void with ethanol, and let them fill it today.  It will boost farm income by $1 billion per year and help lessen our reliance upon foreign oil, and it will not keep us at the whims of OPEC quite so much.  It will keep our air clean, and it will protect our water supplies.  So all of those things sound good, don't they? Ethanol. It is that simple. It is good, good, good. I might be wasting my breath, but I will make this plea one more time. It is the same plea I made in a letter to the President last June or July, which was: President Clinton, reject the waiver request today and declare that you will veto any legislation that would allow a waiver of the oxygenate requirements of the 1990 Clean Air Act. I assure you, Mr. President, if you do that, the water-polluting MTBE will be replaced as fast as our farmers can deliver the ethanol, and that is pretty darned swift. Do it today, President Clinton. Please do it today.  I yield the floor.  