 President, I had a chance to listen very closely to whatthe Senator from Michigan said. As the sponsor of the amendment, he ought to have the attention of those of us who oppose his amendment.  I say that this amendment detracts some from the purpose of the legislation. Maybe it is meant to. To the extent it is, I hope people will vote against it. To the extent that people see this as a legitimate part of what we are debating, then I would offer this point. I am going to offer more than one point very central to the amendment, and then I will stick to my remarks. But the fact is there is a way to handle this problem to make sure that these companies don't get off scot-free.  I am going to refer to a product that Senator Heflin from Alabama--before he retired from the Senate--and I worked very closely on, which was bankruptcy legislation. During the years he and I served together--I think 14 or 16 years--during that period of time when we were in the majority on this side, I chaired the committee and he was the ranking minority member. When his party was in control, he was chairman and I was the ranking minority member. I am going to refer to some legislation we were able to get passed in 1994 when he was chairman of the committee. I think it is a thoughtful and bipartisan way to deal with this.  First of all, I believe this amendment proposed by the Senator from Michigan is unsound as a matter of policy. Congress has previously dealt with difficult questions of what to do about companies facing massive tort liability and then filing for bankruptcy. We dealt with this, as I indicated, in a bipartisan way, and I think in a way that had a great deal of thought behind it.  In 1994, I worked with Chairman Heflin to create a very specific process for asbestos companies that were filing for bankruptcy as a result of a massive number of lawsuits against asbestos manufacturers by those people who had asbestosis. Senator Heflin and I wanted to help these companies continue as an ongoing business concern, but we also wanted to ensure that the victims of asbestos-related illnesses wouldn't be left out in the cold.  In the 1994 bankruptcy bill, we created a process where asbestos companies could be discharged of their tort liabilities but only if they created a trust fund, under the control of a bankruptcy judge, to pay victims. This process has worked well and has received favorable comment by the National Bankruptcy Review Commission.  This amendment from Senator Levin, however, doesn't use a similar approach. This amendment merely provides that gunmakers and sellers can't discharge their tort liabilities. As a result, the amendment has no concern for the employees of the makers or retailers of guns. Under this amendment, retailers from giants such as Wal-Mart and Kmart all the way down to the small family-owned stores could face massive liabilities and be forced to lay off workers.  In the case of the Heflin-Grassley legislation of 1994, as I indicated, we allowed the companies to continue to operate and to continue to have their employment, and in the process victims were not harmed in any way because of the trust fund. It seems to me, unless there is some ulterior motive other than helping victims with this legislation, that we should think about that approach--an approach that protects victims, an approach that makes the person who is guilty of wrongdoing have tort apply to pay that tort. Consequently, if that is not the approach, I think it reveals the real purpose of the amendment. I question that the amendment might be about making sure that tort plaintiffs receive compensation if any of the questionable antigun lawsuits were to succeed because that is not what is going to happen. This amendment is merely an effort to drive all segments of American industry involved with guns out of business, even if thousands of innocent, hard-working American employees have to pay the price.  Consequently, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment.  One other thing about the amendment is the presumption is so stated by the Senator from Michigan that this is just one addition--I think he would say that this is the 19th addition --to a long list of exceptions that are nondischargeable through the bankruptcy court.  I think he is mistaken about how bankruptcy works for corporations and chapter 11 because his amendment applies just to corporations.  Section 1141 of chapter 11 has two separate discharge provisions. It has one section for corporations and it has one for individuals. The discharge provision for corporate debtors discharges all debts. The discharge provision for individuals lists nondischargeable debts.  So the idea this exception to discharge is just one more of a long list of 18 is flatout wrong.  From this standpoint, then, the amendment by the Senator from Michigan is unprecedented, and I will be glad to share the code sections with my colleagues, if they desire. But subsection (a) discharges a debtor from any debt that arose and that applies to the corporations. But subsection (2) says the confirmation of a plan does not discharge an individual debtor. From that standpoint, this is not one of a long list of things that are nondischargeable.  