 President, I oppose Senator Kennedy's amendment. Introducing this amendment at this time is a clear statement that Democratic leaders want an election issue, not a Patients' Bill of Rights. It is a cynical ploy, made in bad faith, and they ought to be ashamed of themselves.  The Senate voted on this bill last year, after full debate, and rejected it in favor of a better product. Since that time, the conferees have been working on a compromise. In the past week, Republican negotiators made an offer with major new concessions. Was this greeted with a Democrat counteroffer that moved toward the middle? No, it's answered with this attempt to blow up those negotiations. If my colleagues don't want to legislate, if they just want to create election issues, they don't deserve to be here.  Let me be specific. Republican negotiators have made an offer to their Democrat counterparts that would allow lawsuits to be brought if a health plan has rejected the decision of an independent reviewer and the enrollee has fully utilized the plan's appeal mechanism. Full economic damages could be sought, and punitive damages would be available, subject to limits. Employers, however, would be expressly protected from lawsuits, addressing a key concern of those who provide coverage to workers. These are major, major concessions. That's obvious.  In my view, this offer reasonably balances the need for fairness to consumers who are wronged with the need to keep health insurance costs low so that employers continue to offer coverage. But it was dismissed without even a serious response by the other side. If no agreement is reached this year, let everyone understand who will be to blame. It is the Democrats who have decided that they're better off with no bill than with a bill.  After this stunt fails, I hope that the President and Congressional Democrats will change their obstructionist strategy so that the Patients' Bill of Rights can become a reality, this year. In the meantime, I am voting against Senator Kennedy's attempt to short-circuit our legislative process.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, the nation has been patiently waiting for far too long for Congress to pass a Patients' Bill of Rights that will grant American families enrolled in health maintenance organizations (HMOs) the health care protections they deserve, including the right to remedy insurance disputes through the courts if all other means are exhausted.  For far too long, achievement of this vital reform has been frustrated by special interest gridlock, principally the trial lawyers who insist on the ability to sue everyone for everything, and the insurance companies who simply want to protect their bottom line, even at the expense of fairness. Both sides hope to continue affecting their agenda with the ``soft money'' contributions they hand over to the political parties, while neither represents the hopes, expectations and best interests of the American people.  Today's debate is further evidence of how politicized this issue has become. Once again this debate is being governed by special interests and partisan politics. This is no longer a debate about how we can work together in the best interest of the American people. Nor is this a debate about providing affordable access to quality health care for all Americans.  Instead it is a contest--a contest between the political parties and special interests. This is a contest between the interests of trial lawyers versus the interests of insurance companies. This is a contest that no one not Republicans, not Democrats, certainly not the American people wins, except, of course, the special interests who are only concerned about their financial well-being, rather than the physical or financial well-being of every American. It is a shame that this body is so controlled by special interests that we cannot even put the health of the American people ahead of politics.   Under today's medical system too many Americans feel powerless when faced with a health care crisis in their personal life. Many feel as if important, life-altering decisions are being micro-managed by business people rather than medical professionals, and too many Americans believe they have no access to quality care or cannot receive the necessary medical treatment recommended by their personal physician.  Many Americans work hard and live on strict budgets so they can afford health insurance coverage for their family. Then, the moment they need health care, they are confronted with obstacles limiting which services are available to them: confronted by frustrating bureaucratic hoops; and confronted by health plans that provide little, if any, opportunity for patients to redress grievances.  While I appreciate the important contributions of managed care, we must protect the rights of patients in our nation's health care system. Too many Americans feel trapped in a system which does not put their health care needs first. They believe that HMOs value a paper dollar more than they do a human life. It is time for us to finally help these fine Americans and begin working together to get safe, quality health care for Americans.  As my colleagues know, last summer I reluctantly voted for the Senate version of the Patients Bill of Rights. At that time I made it known that my vote for passage was contingent on a strong conference agreement with a higher standard for protecting the needs of patients than those contained in the Senate bill. I supported the Senate bill because it was important to move forward and send legislation for strengthening in conference with the House. It was my strong hope that the House would pass stronger, more reasonable health care reform similar to the Norwood/Dingell legislation that honestly puts the needs of patients first. Then we could work together for a practical and fair compromise during conference.  Mr. President, I am voting today in support of the proposed Norwood/Dingell amendment before the Senate because I share the frustration of millions of Americans who are waiting for the conference to begin making substantial efforts towards reaching a viable agreement providing patient protections. This conference has had more than four months to work on reaching an agreement and yet they are not even close to finding a solution. And I am concerned that once again, partisan politics and special interests are blocking us from enacting meaningful health care reform for our constituents.  It is time for all of us to finally put aside partisanship and the influence of special interests to work together for what is needed and wanted by our constituents-safe, quality, affordable health care. This is too important an issue to allow the influence of special interests to prevent us from doing what is right for all Americans.  While I am supporting this amendment I would like to make clear that I believe that there is still work that must be done in conference before it is enacted into law. I support the intentions of the Norwood/Dingell bill but there are areas that need to be strengthened and improved before it becomes law, including the liability provisions. Real patient protection must permit individuals to resolve insurance disputes through the courts but it must also place common sense limits on excessive non-economic damage awards and ban punitive judgements that make health care more costly. This must be structured in a manner that does not encourage frivolous law suits, unnecessarily make health insurance more costly or make employers vulnerable for health care decisions they are not making.  In addition, I do not support extending U.S. Customs Service user fees to pay for this proposal. Before agreeing to this amendment I was assured that the extension of the user fees was merely a tactical move to help prevent this amendment from being defeated by partisan parliamentary procedures. I have been assured that if this amendment were to pass that an alternate means of paying for it--one that does not undermine Customs operations or constrain international commerce--would be incorporated. It is important that US Customs continue having adequate funding for conducting their programs including implementing a new automation system for reducing backlogs at ports of entry to help facilitate the dramatic expansion of commerce that has helped fuel our strong economy. Let me reiterate in no way does my vote for strong patient protections in any way provide an endorsement for extending user fees and placing a further burden on businesses and our economy.  It is my strong hope that today's vote will provide the impetus for the conference to finally work together on finding a viable and real solution for providing Americans with the health care protections they deserve.  