 President, I yield myself 6 minutes. I want to reserve 4 minutes for other people who want to speak on my amendment.  Mr. President, the amendment I'm offering on behalf of myself and others will assist millions of farmers across the Nation. In the midst of one of the worst farming crises we've seen, in addition to the estate tax repeal, it seems to me we ought to be doing everything we can to help farmers survive.  The package of measures included in this tax relief amendment include the following:  FARRM accounts. These farmer savings accounts would allow farmers to contribute up to 20 percent of their income in an account, and deduct it in the same year. FARRM accounts would be a very important ``risk management'' tool that will help farmers put away money when there's actual income, so that, in the really bad times, there will be a safety net.  This measure has strong bipartisan support and was actually sent to the President last year as part of the Taxpayer Relief Act that the President vetoed.  Reversing the unfair IRS decisions on self-employment tax for farmers. Farmers who participate in the Conservation Reserve Program are unnecessarily struggling during tax season because of a recent case pushed by the IRS. The latest 6th Circuit Court's ruling treats CRP as farm income subject to the additional self employment tax rate of 15 percent. Senator Brownback has taken the lead on fixing this problem. This unfair tax not only ignores the intent of Congress in creating the CRP, it discourages farmers from using environmentally pro-active measures. At a time when farmers are struggling to regain their footing economically and do the right thing environmentally, it's important that Congress support them by upholding its promise on CRP.  In addition, this amendment includes an effort I've been leading to reverse an IRS attempt to apply the self-employment tax on farmer's cash rental income.  A tax deduction for farmers to donate to food banks. Senator Lugar has led the effort to expand the current program where companies can donate to food banks, so that farmers can donate surplus food directly to needy food banks. This will be a win for the farmers and a big win for people who depend on food bank assistance.  Income averaging for farmers who are caught in the alternative minimum tax. This was also part of last year's vetoed bill. When we passed income averaging for farmers a few years ago, we neglected to take into account the problem of running into the alternative minimum tax, which many farmers are facing now. Our amendment will fix this growing problem.  Expansion of first-time farmer loans, or Aggie bonds. Our amendment expands opportunities for beginning farmers who are in need of low interest rate loans for capital purchases of farmland and equipment. Current law permits state authorities to issue taxexempt bonds and to loan the proceeds from the sale of the bonds to beginning farmers and ranchers to finance the cost of acquring land, buildings and equipment used in a farm or ranch operation.  Unfortunately, Aggie bonds are subjected to a volume cap and must compete with big industrial projects for bond allocation. Aggie bonds share few similarities to industrial revenue bonds and should not be subjected to the volume cap established for IRBs. Insufficient allocation of funding due to the volume cap limits the effectiveness of this program. We can't stand by and allow the next generation of farmers to lose an opportunity to participate in farming because of competition with industry for reduced interest loan rates.  Repeal of the installment method for certain small businesses. Our amendment would repeal a law that was passed at the end of last year that's had a very negative effect on the small business community. Repeal of this draconian installment sales method is one of small business's biggest priorities.  Farmer co-op initiatives. Recently the IRS determined that some cooperatives should be exposed to a regular corporate tax due to the fact that they are using organic value-added practices rather than manufactured value-added practices. This is unfair, and needs to be fixed.  In addition, we want to allow small cooperative producers of ethanol to be able to receive the same tax benefits as large companies. Our amendment addresses these problems.  So, Mr. President, our amendment would do more for the American farmer regarding taxes than any measure in recent memory. I know others want to speak, so I would urge Members to strongly support this measure. It is an amendment that should have unanimous support.  I yield to the Senator from Minnesota 1\1/5\ minutes.  