 President, I am submitting, along with Senators Biden, Thurmond, Bryan, Jeffords, Moynihan, Helms, Levin, DeWine, Kennedy, Sessions, Murray, Schumer, and Inouye, a bi-partisan resolution designating Monday, June 19, 2000 as ``Eat Dinner with your Children Day.'' We also join with our House colleagues Congressmen Rangel and McCollum as they take the lead on this bipartisan issue in the House of Representatives. This resolution recognizes the benefits of eating dinner as a family, especially as a way to keep children from using illegal drugs, tobacco, and alcohol.  Last October I came to the floor seeking to increase awareness of the important roles parents play in their children's lives. A recent study by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse, or CASA reinforced our understanding of the importance of this role. CASA is a national resource that monitors and reports on drug abuse trends, risks, and solutions affecting all Americans. Last September they released their annual back to school survey on the attitudes of teens and parents regarding substance abuse. The survey stressed how essential it is for parents to get involved in their children's lives. The survey indicates that kids actually do listen to their parents. In fact, 42 percent of the teenagers who have never used marijuana credit their parents with the decision. Unfortunately, too many parents--45 percent--believe their teenagers' use of drugs is inevitable. In addition, 25 percent of the parents said they have little influence over their teen's substance abuse.  But the kids have got it right. Parents are critical. So are families. That is why the sponsors of this bill are happy to work with Joe Califano, the head of CASA, to help remind all of us of this simple fact.  The family unit is the backbone of this country. Solutions to our drug problems involve all of us working together. Parents and communities must be engaged and I am committed to help making that happen. Parents need to provide a strong moral context to help our young people know how to make the right choices. They need to know how to say ``no,'' that saying no is okay, that saying no to drugs is the right thing to do--not just the safe or healthier thing, but the right thing. I urge our colleagues to join us.  