 President, as chairman of the International Trade Subcommittee, I rise to express extreme disappointment about a very adverse decision to the United States handed down in Geneva today by the World Trade Organization appellate body in the Foreign Sales Corporation case, sometimes called the FSC case.  I suppose I should not be standing here on the floor crying about the United States losing a case before the World Trade Organization because we win most of these cases. The reason I am so disappointed in this one is that I think there is a fundamental misunderstanding of the purpose of our Foreign Sales Corporation tax law. From that standpoint, when we rely so much on income taxes and the European Community relies so much on value-added taxes, this sales corporation tax law is to equalize the playing field between Europe and the United States on a lot of key manufactured products.  The appellate body decision essentially means the Foreign Sales Corporation rules in our Tax Code violate the WTO rules. As I indicated, the appellate body fundamentally misunderstood the nature and the intent of the Foreign Sales Corporation plan. The FSC plan was designed to address the competitive disadvantage faced by United States businesses that compete with foreign firms in European countries that have value-added tax regimes. When products from countries with a value-added tax regime are exported, they typically get rebates. However, in the United States, because we rely upon the corporate income tax and not on a value-added tax, our exporting firms don't enjoy this type of tax benefit. This obviously makes our exports less competitive in world markets. The FSC rules were designed, then, to create a level playing field with these European tax systems.  The appellate body decision is a very serious development because it comes at a time when the World Trade Organization itself is under attack. In my view, these attacks are unwarranted and unjustified, but politically we have to deal with them. It will probably be the case, in one or the other body of this Congress, that we will even be voting this year on the issue of whether or not the United States ought to stay as a member of the World Trade Organization. I think they should, but this case could impact that decision.  Of course, we must not allow this setback to undermine either the World Trade Organization or our support for this vital institution. I will do everything I can to make sure this does not happen. In the meantime, I strongly urge President Clinton to attempt to negotiate a settlement with the European Union that modifies or overturns this appellate body's decision. This should be President Clinton's No. 1 priority at the G-8 summit in Okinawa later this year.  I also call upon the European Union not to take any retaliatory action against the United States until we, through our President, have the opportunity to personally discuss this case in Okinawa at the summit there.  We must make sure we observe the rule of law in this case and in every case involving international trade disputes. We expect no less from our trading partners, and we must do the same. And since we win the vast majority of these cases, we find ourselves not in a bad position by taking this moral stand.  But I hope when we address this case, we bear in mind that while the outcome of the case itself is very important, there is something else at stake; that is, the integrity of our international trading system. We must remember that the WTO benefits every farmer and every business that sells its goods and services in foreign markets. If we did not have a WTO and, more importantly, the discipline in the rule of law in international trade that goes with it, we would have only the rule of the jungle. Those who would suffer the most would be the small exporters.  In the United States, two-thirds of all businesses that export have 20 or fewer employees. It is, then, the WTO that prevents these small firms from being dominated by their larger competitors in the international marketplace.  Let's make sure we get an appropriate and fair resolution of this case, and let's make sure we maintain our strong support for the World Trade Organization.  