 President, these are very interesting discussions. I think that for a long, long period of time people at the grassroots of America have understood there should not be a policy that hurts people who join in bonds of matrimony. Everybody realizes that the strength and foundation of our society is the family. The husband and wife are the strength of our society and the foundation of our society.  We have legislation before us that finally will end the penalty against people who marry and get hit with a higher level of taxation rather than two people who aren't married and filing separately making the same amount of income.  Basically, we are talking about the issue of fairness--in this case, fairness within the Tax Code; economic fairness for people who are married.  For about 30 years, our Tax Code has been penalizing people just because they happen to be married.  This is, of course, a perfect example of how broken our Tax Code is, and perhaps is an example that can be given with many other examples of why there ought to be a broader look at greater reform and simplification of the Tax Code. That debate is for another day. Even though 70 percent of the people in this country feel the Tax Code is broken and ought to be thrown out, there is not a consensus among the American people whether a flat rate income tax, which about 30 percent of the people say we ought to have, or a national sales tax, which about 20 percent of the people say we ought to have, should take the place of the present Tax Code.  I use those two percentages to show there is not much of a consensus of what should take its place and therefore probably not enough movement being reflected in the Congress for an alternative to the present Tax Code. Therefore, we find ourselves refining the Tax Code within our ability to do it--a little bit here and a little bit there.  One of the most outstanding examples of something wrong with our Tax Code is that people pay a marriage penalty, pay a higher rate of taxation because they are married as opposed to two individuals filing separately. As with the earnings limitation that discriminated against older Americans, a bill was recently signed by the President of the United States. This unfair marriage penalty needs to be dumped, as well.  I applaud my side of the aisle because it took a Republican-led Congress to repeal the Social Security earnings limit, but the President of the United States was very happy to sign that Republican-led effort. To be fair to the other side, it eventually did pass unanimously. It is the same Republican-led Congress that is taking the lead in repealing the marriage penalty tax.  I listened to a number of comments from the minority side yesterday. I came away with the conclusion they want the American people to believe that the other side of the aisle is for getting rid of the marriage penalty tax. Of course, the minority party had control of the Congress for decades and never once tried to repeal it. Even more interesting, I am afraid we could be victims of the old bait-and-switch routine. For instance, as this bill was being considered in the Senate Finance Committee, an amendment was offered by the minority to delay any marriage penalty relief until we fixed Social Security and Medicare. That is a ``manana'' type of amendment, meaning if we wait to do these other things tomorrow before we have a tax cut, we are never going to have a tax cut.  We may see that amendment again on the floor of the Senate. Remember, in committee, all of the Democrats voted for delay until Social Security or Medicare was fixed, and all the Republicans voted to fix the marriage penalty tax now. We all know neither the administration nor the Democratic side have comprehensive proposals to fix Social Security and Medicare. I have to admit, I am participating with two or three Democrats on a bipartisan effort to fix Social Security, but the administration has refused to endorse that bipartisan effort. There are also bipartisan efforts in the Senate to fix Medicare, but the White House has not endorsed those bipartisan efforts.  Saying that Social Security and Medicare ought to be fixed before we give some tax relief, and particularly tax relief through the marriage penalty tax, is like saying you don't want a tax cut. I am sorry to say at this late stage of this Congress, I don't think we will see from the Clinton-Gore administration any efforts to fix these problems this year in a comprehensive way. When they say we ought to fix Social Security or Medicare first, it is a manana approach--put it off until later; that day will surely never come if we follow that scenario.  The national leadership of the unions in America, the AFL-CIO leadership, put out their marching orders in a legislative alert making these very same arguments that I am sure is only coincidental. They urge that the marriage penalty relief should be delayed until these other problems--presumably Social Security and Medicare--are solved.  My friends on the other side of the aisle say they are for marriage penalty relief but only some time in the unknown future. That is, in fact, Washington, DC, doubletalk that continues to make the American people more cynical about whether Congress is ever determined and willing and committed to deliver keeping our promises. Delaying this tax relief means no tax relief at all. I hope taxpayers across the country will let their Senators know they have had enough of this doubletalk and that they will demand real action now, and sooner or later we will get this bill brought to a final vote.  Another misguided argument used yesterday is that under the majority bill married couples get a tax cut but single mothers with kids wouldn't get one. This is a complicated aspect of the bill, but the argument is not correct. Senators making these arguments repeated it, bringing emphasis to it, as if something new has been discovered, that some kind of smoking gun had been discovered. Unfortunately, for those Members' arguments, the statements are inaccurate. An important part of our bill repeals the alternative minimum tax for over 10 million people. Many helped in that provision will be single mothers.  There is something much more interesting about this argument; that is, the alternative that presumably will be offered by the other side of the aisle is the bill that flatout, without question, doesn't help single mothers at all. But that isn't even the most important point.  That important point is, if a single mother chooses to eventually get married--and since marriage is the foundation of our society, I think we all agree that this is a good move, both for the mother and the children--then, under our bill, she will not be penalized for being married. There will not be ahigher rate of taxation just because that single mother gets married. Under current law, if she continues to work after being married, the Government is going to slap her and her husband with a big tax increase. It is that sort of very bad situation our bill will eliminate.  In addition, it is important to note the alternative, from our friends on the other side of the aisle, discriminates against stay-at-home moms. Why should we have proposals before us indicating, if you decide you want to stay at home and raise your kids, spend full time doing it--probably the most important economic contribution you can make to American society, and you are not going to get paid for it, but it is a great contribution to American society. It might not be much of an economic contribution to the family because there is no income going to come as a result of it, but it is good for American society for kids to have parents who are able to be at home with them.  So if you decide to stay at home with the kids, you are going to be discriminated against under the alternative from the Democrat side of the aisle.  That proposal only helps two-earner couples. It not only doesn't help those single mothers over whom the other side of the aisle cries crocodile tears frequently, it hurts those families where one parent decides to stay at home with the children. I hope all of you stay-at-home parents out there listening understand what the Democratic alternative would do to your families.  It seems to me we should be helping people get married, encouraging marriage--it is the solid foundation of our society --not penalizing them for doing it. So, I hope we can get this bill to discussion without cloture. Obviously, there is a legitimacy for amendments from the other side of the aisle. There is even probably legitimacy for amendments from our side of the aisle. There ought to be agreement to those amendments.  It is really time for the gridlock to be over, to move to this bill, to get to a final vote. Now is the time to pass this very important reform, and I urge the Members of this body to come together on amendments, on limitations on discussions, and do what is right by passing this legislation.  Before I yield the floor, if I could do something for the leader: I ask unanimous consent the debate only continue on the marriage tax penalty until 5 p.m. today, with the time equally divided, and the majority leader recognized at the hour of 5.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). Without objection, it is so ordered.  