 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume, obviously up to the limit, but I will not use all of it.  I will make a few brief remarks about the pending amendment which I laid down last night and spoke shortly on that particular time. My amendment requires the Department of Defense to match disbursements with obligations before making payments.  I know this sounds like commonsense stuff--it is really basic accounting 101--but it goes to a very major problem we have within the Department of Defense. They don't always make payments based on invoices. They don't always match the check being mailed out for certain goods or services received.  I am sure my colleagues must be wondering why the Senator from Iowa has to offer an amendment such as this. They must be asking themselves this question: Isn't DOD already doing it?  Unfortunately, the fact remains that the Pentagon bureaucrats are not doing it.  Businesses do it on a routine basis. And most citizens do it, too. You just don't write out a check and pay a bill until you are absolutely certain that you owe the money. You must first verify that you have a legitimate obligation to pay the bill. And you have enough money in the bank to cover it.  This amendment and device that has been used now for several years to try to straighten things out in the Pentagon is a handy device also for deterring fraud. And it helps to prevent mismanagement and other abuses in the Pentagon's vast financial accounts.  This policy has been incorporated in the last six appropriations acts.  Each year we have ratcheted down the threshold or dollar level where the matching must be done.  In 1995, we started out with payments of $5 million.  Each year since then, we have gradually lowered the threshold but always keeping the pressure on for reform.  Last year the Senate voted to lower the threshold to $500,000.  This year--in the amendment--I am recommending that the threshold be maintained at $500,000.  I think we should keep it at the current level for another year. I am not sure DOD is ready to move to a lower level--not meaning that it wouldn't be right to move to a lower level. But if they don't have the mechanical capability of moving to a lower level, we want to make sure that we make progress in this area. However, we don't want to hold up the normal way of doing business or the process of doing business in the Defense Department.  The General Accounting Office will look at this issue again and determine when and how the threshold should be lowered in the future, and in future years I would follow their recommendations.  I also take this opportunity to thank my good friend from Alaska, the chairman of the committee, Senator Stevens, and my good friend from Hawaii, the ranking minority member, Senator Inouye, for their support of this amendment.  I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this measure.  I yield the floor.  If it is the desire that other Members yield back the remainder of their time, I will yield my time.  