 President, I rise to speak about the gouging of the American consumer, particularly high energy users and, probably most importantly, working Americans who are paying such high gasoline prices because of OPEC. I do this in the context of supporting a resolution Senator Ashcroft is offering the Senate. I do this not only because he is my good friend but because he knows the impact on working Americans and on agriculture.  This is a sense-of-the-Senate resolution to communicate to the leaders of the OPEC nations and even non-OPEC cartel producers, prior to the next meeting of the OPEC nations in March, the importance of stabilizing crude oil prices.  I appreciate the importance of the message by my good friend from Missouri. He realizes the significance of this issue because he is from a State with vital interests in the health and well-being of the agricultural economy and the transportation industry. The soaring prices of diesel fuel and of gasoline have had an especially detrimental effect upon farmers and truckers whose livelihood is tied closely to the input costs.  We in the Senate should not stand idly by while a foreign monopoly dictates our States' economic stability.  Remember, if oil company CEOs were doing this sort of OPEC price fixing, they would be in prison for violating the antitrust laws. We obviously can't apply our law to foreign countries in the sense that their leaders are violating them. But it is antithetical to the principles of free trade and markets, even to the WTO. Saudi Arabia wants to get into the WTO. We should not be supporting their entry into the WTO if they are using their economic power in a way that is antithetical to the very organization they want to join.  Just in the past month, gasoline prices in my State have taken their biggest jump in 10 years. We now pay an average of $1.38 a gallon for gas, an average of 17 cents higher than last month and 48 cents higher than in February a year ago. Diesel prices in my State are averaging $1.45, which is 12 cents more than last month and 43 cents higher than a year ago.  When considering the family farmers' plight, OPEC's action creates a harsh duty that is applied to every bushel of corn, soybeans, and any other agricultural product produced in the United States. Anyone who is farming can tell you that fuel expenditures are always one of the most costly inputs on the farm.  The agricultural industry has not fared as well in recent years. Just last year, prices for all kinds of livestock and grain commodities were at their lowest since the 1970s. The outlook for the next year is, at best, mixed. At a time when margins on farm products are already tight, OPEC has consciously increased the price of petroleum products and expenditures within our agricultural community. It is not the free forces of the marketplace that are doing this. These are political decisions that we ought to stand firmly against.  But this isn't just about family farmers and truckers. Sometimes we forget that trucking impacts almost every industry. While farmers and truckers might feel the most immediate impact from this action in my home State of Iowa, it is really true that all consumers will eventually feel the far-reaching effects of OPEC's marketplace shenanigans. In Iowa alone, trucks transport freight for 4,438 manufacturing companies, supply goods to 19,500 retail stores, and stock almost 9,000 wholesale trade companies.  Trucks supply goods to 2,359 agricultural businesses and deliver the produce and products to market. Annually, trucks transport approximately 160 million tons in and out of Iowa. Eighty-three percent of all manufactured freight transported in Iowa is carried by trucks, and over 75 percent of all communities in Iowa depend entirely on trucks for the delivery of theproducts my constituents use every day.  OPEC's action has and will continue to drive up costs for transportation, and the bottom line is that the consumer will eventually be forced to bear the burden of the cost. As anyone can see, this situation has the ability to have a substantial detrimental impact on the economies of Iowa and the entire Nation.  For this reason, I have tried to address this problem from every angle available to me. I recently wrote to Energy Secretary Bill Richardson and asked him to encourage the President to use the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to stabilize the price of petroleum products. As he is well aware, the President has the power to use the reserve when a very sharp increase in petroleum prices threatens the Nation's economic stability. In my opinion, the current situation meets this test. At the very least, the option should be heavily weighed.  I also sent a letter to Mr. Stanley Fisher, First Deputy Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund, to ask that the market-distorting behavior of the 11 members of OPEC be weighed when these nations apply for loans. Twenty percent of the IMF money comes from the American taxpayers. We should not be using U.S. taxpayers' money to further the causes of an economy that is anticompetitive and is strangling the economy of the very taxpayers who support the IMF.  IMF is an international organization of 182 member nations. Each member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries also belongs to the International Monetary Fund.  Due to the fact that the IMF's purpose is to promote monetary cooperation and economic growth, I find it disheartening that the member nations of OPEC have chosen a course of action which adversely affects economic growth and stability in the United States. It is for this reason I ask the IMF to consider developing criteria to judge market-distorting behavior which would be weighed when nations exhibiting monopolistic behavior apply for loans through the IMF.  I also spoke out against Saudi Arabia previously in my remarks and about their joining the World Trade Organization. I have made this a formal request of U.S. Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky.  As we all know, we have become far too dependent upon foreign oil. For a very long time, I have been a leading advocate for the development and expanded use of renewable sources of energy, especially corn-based ethanol as well as wind energy and biomass. I have been successful in getting tax credits applied to these alternative forms of energy. I thank my colleagues for their support of that.  You have all heard me say that not only is clean-burning ethanol good for the rural economy and the environment, it helps to reduce America's dangerous and expensive dependence on foreign sources of energy. I am disappointed it took a crisis to make some people aware of this unhealthy addiction, but now we should all see how our dependence on foreign crude can impact our economy and why we should seek to develop domestically-based renewable fuel sources.  This is a very important issue, and I applaud the resolution offered by the Senator from Missouri. I thank him for bringing the resolution to the floor and for helping to bring this issue to the attention of the Clinton-Gore administration, which needs to finally get on top of this growing problem.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  