 President, I would like to take a moment to discuss some of the health care provisions in the tax bill. It's not a perfect bill, but it contains a lot of items that will improve health care in this country.  Let me touch on the issue of Medicare equity. We in Iowa have been frustrated by the inequitable payment formulas that hurt cost-efficient states like ours. These disparities exist in both traditional Medicare and in the Medicare+Choice program. Well, this bill takes a major step toward correcting this injustice. I'd like to walk through some of the reasons why this bill is good for health care in Iowa.  This bill corrects the Medicare Disproportionate Share program, known as ``DISH,'' as proposed in a bill I sponsored with Senator Roberts and others. This program helps hospitals that treat large numbers of uninsured patients. It's obvious that many rural Americans are uninsured, and that rural hospitals meet their duty to treat these people. But from its inception, this program has discriminated against rural hospitals. They have had to meet a much higher threshold than large urban hospitals have. Well, this bill finally equalizes the thresholds for all hospitals. There's still more work to do on this program, but this is a major step forward for equity in Medicare.  The bill also reforms the Medicare Dependent Hospital program, as proposed in legislation I co-sponsored with Senator Conrad and many others. Many rural areas have aged populations, and this is especially true in Iowa. So this designation benefits small rural facilities that have more than 60% Medicare patients. But incredibly, hospitals only receive this benefit if they met that level way back in 1988! Unfortunately, the Medicare program is full of this kind of outdated, unreasonable rules. That's why we need Medicare reform. But in the meantime, I'm glad to report that this bill would correct this particular problem: if a rural hospital has been over that 60% level in recent years, it qualifies. That's great news for rural hospitals.  Other key provisions of the bill strengthen our Sole Community Hospitals, knock down obstacles to the success of the Critical Access Hospital program for rural areas, and enhance rural patients' access to emergency and ambulance services.  The bill also helps hospitals--including all Iowa hospitals, both urban and rural--by providing a full Medicare payment increase to offset inflation in 2001.  Low payment rates for Iowa and other efficient states have prevented the Medicare+Choice program from taking root in Iowa and offering seniors the full range of health care options available elsewhere. I am pleased that the bill provides a major boost to entice plans to enter such regions, raising the minimum monthly payments for plans in rural areas from $415 to $475 per month, and for urban areas from $415 to $525 per month. These increases were proposed in a bill I co-sponsored with Senator Domenici and others, and I am hopeful that they will soon provide Iowans with the same range of choices available to seniors in other areas.  The bill gives rural seniors access to the best medical care through telemedicine, as I have worked with Senator Jeffords and many others to do. In rural areas, medical specialists are not readily available. For many seniors, traveling long distances is simply not feasible. But technology now makes it possible for patients to go to their local hospital or clinic and be seen by a specialist hundreds of miles away. We in Iowa have tremendous capacity to take advantage of this. Yet for too long, the Medicare bureaucracy has put up every barrier it could think of to telemedicine. But this bill changes that, greatly expanding the availability of Medicare payment for services provided by telemedicine, Medicare patients will now have access to the world's best doctors and medical care regardless of where they live.  The bill protects funding for home health services by delaying a scheduled 15% cut in payments, as well as providing a full medical inflation update. It's not secret that I, like many of my colleagues, would have preferred to see that 15% cut canceled permanently rather than simply delayed for another year. I hope that we will accomplish that next year.  The bill also protects the access of our neediest beneficiaries to home health services when they use adult day care services. Patients can only receive home care under Medicare if they are ``homebound,'' and the bureaucracy has said that patients who leave their home for health care at an adult day care facility--such as many Alzheimer's patients--are no longer homebound. This has forced patients who are capable of living in their homes to move into institutions, just to get health care. I am very pleased that this bill includes the common-sense legislation I co-sponsored with Senator Jeffords to correct this Catch-22.  I am also very pleased that the bill addresses the Medicare hospice benefit, providing for a higher payment increase for inflation. The bill also deals with the ``six-month rule'' for hospice eligibility, clarifying that it is only a guideline, not an inflexible requirement. These provisions respond to concerns aired at my Aging Committee hearing on hospice in September, and I look forward to continued work in the 107th Congress to strengthen hospice care.  The legislation extends the moratorium on therapy caps and provides Medicare beneficiaries in nursing homes with access to critical services. The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 included a $1,500 cap on occupational, physical and speech-language pathology therapy services received outside a hospital setting. Thirty-one days after the law was implemented, an estimated one in four beneficiaries had exhausted half of their yearly benefit. Furthermore, it was those beneficiaries in need of the most rehabilitative care that were penalized by being forced to pay the entire cost for these services outside of a hospital setting. I fought successfully during last year's Balanced Budget Refinement Act for a two-year moratorium on the therapy caps while the Health Care Financing Administration studies the issue; I am pleased to see this effort recognized and the moratorium extended for an additional year.  The bill protects the right of patients in Medicare+Choice plans to return to their Medicare Skilled Nursing Facility of origin if they have to leave that facility for a brief hospitalization. Without this right, there have been instances in which patients in religiously affiliated nursing facilities have not been permitted to return to those facilities after hospitalization. I am gratified that the bill includes the legislation I co-sponsored with Senator Mack on this issue.  The bill discontinues a policy to phase out Medicaid cost-based reimbursement to our nation's 3,000 Rural Health Clinics and 900 Community Health Centers. In its place, it provides a reimbursement solution to ensure that these essential primary care providers can continue to serve millions of uninsured and under-insured Americans. The bill establishes a prospective payment system in Medicaid for federally certified Rural Health Centers and Community Health Centers. This provision creates an equitable payment system for these providers and ensures that the health care safety net remains strong and secure.  As one example, the legislation also provides Medicare beneficiaries with greater access to the most thorough type of colon cancer screening--colonoscopy. As Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, I helda hearing earlier this year to raise awareness about the far-reaching and devastating effects of colon cancer. This year 129,400 Americans will be diagnosed with this type of cancer and 56,000 Americans will die from it. However, if detected and treated early, colorectal cancer is curable in up to 90 percent of diagnosed cases. I fully support an expanded colon cancer screening benefit for Medicare beneficiaries and urge all older Americans to put the benefit to use.  For the first time, medical nutrition therapy may be reimbursed by Medicare for patients with diabetes or renal disease. As part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, Congress instructed the Institute of Medicine (IOM) to conduct a study of the benefits of nutrition therapy. IOM reported that nutrition therapy would improve the quality of care and would be an efficient use of Medicare resources. I cosponsored legislation to expand Medicare coverage to include nutrition therapy; offering coverage for beneficiaries with diabetes or renal disease is a step in the right direction.  In another first, this bill eliminates the arbitrary time limitation on Medicare coverage of immunosuppressive drugs following an organ transplant. Medicare covers expensive transplant operations but fails to follow through with coverage of the drugs necessary to preserve the transplanted organ; reimbursement is currently limited to the first three years following the procedure. While last year's BBRA extended coverage in some cases for an additional eight months, this legislation drops any time limitation for coverage of drugs critical to the health of transplant patients. This is common sense policy I am glad to support.  I plan to come to the floor on other occasions to discuss other provisions of this bill. While I'm not completely satisfied, I think there is a lot that will help Americans get the health care they need and deserve.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  