 President, I once again come before the Senate to discuss an often-overlooked population in our schools, talented and gifted students. It's time that we recognized the nearly three million students who are talented and gifted and provide them with the assistance they need.  For the past three years, I've been working to change the way people think about talented and gifted students. In order to do this, several destructive myths must be dispelled.  Currently, many schools operate under the false assumption that these students are just ``extra-smart'' and can fend for themselves with a little help. One such example of this faulty thinking is giving a talented and gifted third grader a fifth grade math textbook.  Students who display gifted qualities look at the world and think in a very different way from other pupils. Instead of thinking in a sequential or linear fashion like most students, they jump from one concept or idea to another. Specialized teaching and activities, designed for their thought process, will help these students excel.  In addition, these students often have problems fitting in socially because they are `different' and suffer emotionally from peer rejection and stigmatization. Tragically, as a result, some talented and gifted students experience depression, eating disorders and high levels of anxiety. Some are also vulnerable to violence and antisocial behavior.  Another myth is that gifted and talented programs only help middle and upper-class white students. Talented and gifted students cover the entire spectrum in terms of race, background, geographical region, and economic status. In other words, gifted students can be found in every classroom.  Along with getting rid of false notions and stereotypes about gifted and talented students, we need to direct resources to these kids to ensure that they will have an educational program that fits their needs.  I would like to thank Senator Jeffords for his leadership and for including provisions to help talented and gifted students in the Educational Opportunities Act, S. 2. The provisions found in S. 2 are based on a bill I introduced as the Gifted and Talented Education Act, S. 505.  These provisions establish a program through which states can apply for grants in order to fashion their own talented and gifted programs. States can use the money for a number of activities such as teacher training, equipment, materials, and technology. Under this program, states have a great deal of leeway in determining how best to meet the needs of their students. It also ensures that 88 percent of these funds will go toward enhancing student learning, not administrative costs.  These talented and gifted student provisions fill a gap in current education policy. There is no federal directive to serve this student population. The only federal program dealing directly with talented and gifted education is the Jacob Javits Program. However, that program is directed toward research, not the students themselves.  Furthermore, there is a great deal of disparity between the programs available to meet the needs and quality teacher preparedness of talented and gifted students. While most states do have some kind of talented and gifted program, the programs are not uniform across school districts and grade levels.  I think all of us, regardless of party affiliation, agree that all students should get the education they need. While all students have the potential to make great contributions to society, the reality, Mr. President, is that talented and gifted students have the greatest potential to be either the leaders of tomorrow or a burden to society. These students will either put their talents to good use or they will direct their energy and gifts toward destructive, wasteful activities. It's important that we help to direct these students in a positive way.  As a fiscal conservative, I have always fought for the wise and efficient use of the public's money. Investing in our future leaders, artists, scientists, and law enforcement officials, among others, is the most sound investment we can make. Again, I applaud Senator Jeffords for including this important provision in the bill and I urge you to join us in making a commitment to our nation's talented and gifted students.  