 President, while I am waiting for Senator McCain to come to the floor before I speak about the specific unanimous consent request I am going to make, I would like to point out, in a very general way, that the pursuit of what we are doing, in so many other ways, is part of Congress's constitutional responsibility and constitutional authority under the checks and balances of government to make sure the laws are faithfully executed.  There are several different tools that are used in that direction. They can be individual Senators. Any time an individual Senator wants to ask questions of whether the laws are being faithfully executed, that Senator can do it, that Member of the House of Representatives can do it, through the particular committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives, through both letter as well as open hearings about certain subjects of whether money being spent by the executive branch is according to Congressional intent or whether laws are being carried out the way Congress intended.  That is all part of congressional oversight, but there has also been seen a need, over a course of many years, for other ways to make sure it is done. One of those was the setting up of the Government Accountability Office that has authority, at the request of committees and request of individual Members of Congress, to investigate and do research on certain problems we have in the executive branch of government.  That predates, by a long time, the passage of the inspectors general law that we are dealing with, with this subject I have before the Senate now. The inspector general was set up for the purpose of being within the executive branch to see that the laws are faithfully executed and the money spent according to Congress. I see that Senator McCain has come to the floor. I would like to make my opening statement on the legislation. I thank Senator McCain for the courtesy he gives me to come and listen to my request. Whatever he decides to do with it will be his choice, but I want to tell him I appreciate the cooperation he has given me on so many different things  To justify my unanimous consent request, I start out with some of the issues that are involved with the legislation, the Inspector General Empowerment Act. In 1978, Congress created inspectors general or IGs as they are often known, to be the eyes and ears within the executive branch.  These independent watchdogs are designed to keep Congress and the public informed about waste, fraud, and abuse in government. They also help agency leaders identify problems and inefficiencies they may not be aware of. IGs are a very critical part to good governance and to the rule of law.  In order for IGs to do their job, they need independent access to information. That is why, when Congress passed the Inspector General Act of 1978, we explicitly said IGs should have access to all records of the agency they are charged with overseeing.  However, since 2010, more and more agencies have refused to comply with this legal obligation. This obstruction has slowed down far too many important investigations, ranging from sexual assault in the Peace Corps to the FBI's exercise of anti-terrorism authority under the PATRIOT Act.  Those are just two of the things I have been involved in. Every one of the other 99 Senators would probably have to say that in their oversight work, somehow the executive branch agencies have not carried out the spirit of the 1978 legislation.  It got worse in July of 2016. The Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel released a memo supporting this obstruction of congressional intent. Now, let me put this in a commonsense form that surely everybody ought to understand. In 1978, Congress passes the inspectors general law. It is voted on by a majority of the Congress. It is sent to the President. The President signs it. It has been law since that period of time, but we have a situation where 1 bureaucrat out of 2 million Federal employees sits and reads something into a piece of legislation that was never intended because the legislation says the inspector general should be entitled to all records, but the Office of Legal Counsel opinion says: Well, maybe not all. It kind of depends on the head of the department. There are some exceptions in the inspectors general law that ought to be there--thoseare spelled out--some of them dealing with national security, some of them dealing with the Department of Defense, as just one example.  So we have this opinion in July of 2016. The memo argued that Congress did not mean what it very clearly said; that the IG gets access to all records. This is unacceptable. It undermines Congress's intent. It undermines the rule of law. It makes a mockery of government transparency. The public deserves a robust scrutiny of the Federal Government. Every eighth grade civics student understands what checks and balances is all about.  Congressional oversight is one of those checks. Since September 2015, a bipartisan group of Senators and I have been working to overturn the Justice Department's opinion through S. 579, the Inspector General Empowerment Act. Among other things, this bill further clarifies that Congress intended IGs to access all agency records, notwithstanding any other provision of law, unless--and this is a big unless--other laws specifically state that the IGs are not entitled to receive such access.  A lot of those fall into the area of national security and defense. The bill has a total of 20 cosponsors, including seven of my Democratic colleagues: McCaskill, Carper, Mikulski, Wyden, Baldwin, Manchin and Peters. At the Judiciary Committee hearing in August of last year, Senator Leahy also agreed that this access problem needs to be fixed by legislation because it is ``blocking what was once a free flow of information.'' Even the Justice Department witness at that hearing disagreed with the results of the Office of Legal Counsel opinion and supported legislative action to solve the problem.  As of today, a large majority of Senators, the Las Vegas Review Journal--and I say that for the benefit of Senator Reid who at one time objected--the New York Times, the Washington Post, good governance groups like Project on Government Oversight and Citizens Against Government Waste, all support restoring the intent of that act through S. 579.  I want to emphasize that the intent of the act was destroyed by one bureaucrat writing a legal opinion that has been a crutch for a lot of people who don't want to cooperate with the inspector general.  Despite strong bipartisan and public support for the bill, we have not been able to pass the bill by unanimous consent. We attempted to pass the bill by unanimous consent September 2015 and again December 2015.  In December, the Armed Services Committee and the Intelligence Committee raised concerns about the bill. It is perfectly legitimate for them to do that. My cosponsors and I worked with our colleagues on those committees to address and resolve their concerns. Ultimately, Chairman McCain and Chairman Burr lifted their holds, and in December 2015 the bill cleared the Republican side with no objections. But when we tried to pass the bill on the floor by unanimous consent, Senator Reid, as I previously said, objected on the Democratic side.  In the meantime, the House passed its own version of the bill. Since then, we have worked closely with the House to resolve minor differences between the House and Senate bills. Now it is time to press forward and finally pass this critical bill to ensure the effective oversight of waste, fraud, and abuse in government--in other words, to make very clear that when the act says they are entitled to all records, ``all'' means all.  There is one provision of the bill we had to remove from this version at the insistence of Senator Leahy. It relates to testimonial subpoena authority for inspectors general.  First, let me be clear about why the testimonial subpoena authority is important to the ability of IGs to conduct effective investigations. When employees of the U.S. Government are accused of wrongdoing or misconduct, IGs should be able to conduct a full and thorough investigation. Unfortunately, employees who may have violated that trust are often able to evade the IG's inquiry simply by retiring from the government. Testimonial subpoena authority empowers IGs to obtain testimony about waste, fraud, and abuse from employees after they leave the agency.  Similarly, the subpoena authority helps IGs investigate entities that receive Federal funds. In other words, if you want to know what is wrong, follow the money. The subpoena authority enables IGs to require testimony from government contractors, subcontractors, grantees, and subgrantees. Currently, most IGs can subpoena documents from entities outside of their agency, but most cannot subpoena testimony. The ability to require witnesses outside the agency to talk to the IG can be critical in carrying out an inspector general's statutory duties or recovering wasted Federal funds.  Let me also be clear that when we learned of Senator Leahy's concerns with this provision in November 2015, my bipartisan cosponsors and I worked in good faith for 12 months to address them. We offered at least half a dozen accommodations that would provide meaningful and appropriate limitations on the subpoena in question, but Senator Leahy continued to demand the removal of that from the bill.  Despite a year of negotiation, we were unable to reach a resolution, so I proposed bringing the provision to the floor for debate. I offered Senator Leahy the option of debating on the floor the merits of the testimonial subpoena authority so that the Senate could vote on whether to keep or remove the provision from the bill, but my colleague declined to agree to floor time so that we could have an open debate on the issue.  His continued refusal to debate and vote on the much needed testimonial subpoena authority threatens to derail the entire bill, which has such substantial bipartisan public support.  Despite my strong belief that IGs need that subpoena authority, I also recognize that the IG bill contains many other critical provisions the IG needs to move forward with it, and now is the time to do that. We cannot afford to wait any longer for those provisions that empower the IG. This bill is still necessary to help IGs and to ensure to the American people that there is transparency and accountability within the government.  Before I ask unanimous consent, I wish to say for the benefit of the position that I think Senator McCain is going to take that the Secretary, under existing law, may block an IG investigation if it is necessary to preserve the national security and interests of the United States and if the information the IG has requested concerns any one of five categories: sensitive operation plans, intelligence matters, counterintelligence matters, ongoing criminal investigations, or other matters that would constitute a serious threat to national security if they were to be disclosed.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 68, S. 579. I further ask that the Johnson substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.  