 3812 regarding funding for wind energy research.  This is a straightforward amendment. It simply restores funding for wind energy research to the amount provided for just last year--$95.4 million.  The underlying bill provides $80 million, so the Merkley-Grassley amendment will increase funding by just $15.4 million. These additional funds will come from within the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Program, so we can see there is no cost to this amendment from the bottom line of the bill. It does not raise overall spending levels. It simply redirects $15 million from other renewable and efficiency programs to wind energy research.  This funding will allow the Department of Energy to continue the advancement of wind technologies and innovations. These advances have greatly increased the competitiveness of wind and facilitated rapid growth in wind energy across the country.  In Iowa, wind energy now accounts for more than 30 percent of the State's total electricity supply. Wind supported 88,000 jobs in 2015, an increase of 20 percent from the previous year. Wind was also the No. 1 source of new generating capacity in 2015--greater than natural gas and solar.  Some of my colleagues oppose wind energy and Federal policies that support this clean and renewable energy. They argue we shouldn't pick winners or that wind is a mature industry. Don't kid yourself. Wind, while nearly mature, is just an infant compared to the Federal dollars and incentives provided for fossil and nuclear energy.  It is quite amusing to me that some of the strongest opponents of wind energy in this body are the biggest proponents of other much more costly programs for mature, traditional energy sources. For example, the 100-year-old oil and gas industry continues to benefit from tax preferences that benefit only their industry that result in the loss of more than $4 billion annually in tax revenue.  Nuclear energy is another great example. The first nuclear powerplant came online in the United States in 1958. That was 58 years ago. Nuclear received special tax treatment, including--would you believe it--a production tax credit. Nuclear also benefits from Price-Anderson Federal liability insurance that Congress provided as a temporary measure way back in 1958. This temporary measure--can you believe it--has been renewed through 2025. Nuclear energy has also received more than $74 billion in Federal research and development dollars since 1950. This bill includes over $1 billion for nuclear research. This is an increase of $71 million, or 7.3 percent, over fiscal year 2016 for wind energy research. We are just asking for the same amount of money appropriated for next year as this year.  Fossil energy research and development is another one I can point out, which is allocated $632 million in this bill, equal to the 2016 levels. Even prominent conservative advocacy groups have called for the nuclear and fossil fuel energy funds to be cut or eliminated altogether.  Again, this amendment will simply provide level funding for wind energy research by providing an additional $15 million. This is not new money, so there is no score by the CBO. I urge my colleagues to support the Merkley-Grassley amendment.  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 10 minutes on another subject as in morning business.  