 President, both of the letters note the many dozen letters and hundreds of requests that I have sent, and both essentially complain about the volume of our investigation and requests for information.  The Judiciary Committee is hard at work doing the people's business, and the committee is doing much more than just oversight. The committee has reported 16 executive nominees and 37 judicial nominees. It has processed 27 bipartisan bills out of committee, and every bill that has come out of committee is a bipartisan bill. Eighteen of those bills were passed out of the Senate over to the House, eight of which have been signed into law by the President.  Just last week, the committee unanimously adopted bipartisan legislation to finally protect FBI whistleblowers who report wrongdoing to their supervisors and provide for independent review of FBI whistleblower cases for the first time.  So reviewing that record, it seems to me we can ask Senator Reid to justify his claim that this committee is partisan.  The committee concluded an investigation into the abuse and misuse of paid administrative leave. The committee took the results and worked hard with Members on both sides of the aisle to actually fix that problem.  In February, the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee approved the bipartisan, commonsense reforms in the Administrative Leave Act of 2016. Similarly, the committee has worked with Democrats and Republicans alike to overturn an Office of Legal Counsel opinion that allows the agencies across government to stonewall their inspectors general.  Now let me tell my colleagues how Senator Reid is involved in stonewalling that effort. We came up with a legislative solution called the IG Empowerment Act and attempted to pass it in December by a live unanimous consent request. But Senator Reid objected to the bill even though it is supported by seven Members of his own caucus and supported by the New York Times editorial board and a host of civil liberties and good-government groups. Even the largest circulating daily newspaper in the home State of Senator Reid urged him to work with us on a compromise. But rather than engaging us in a productive and civil manner, Senator Reid publicly slandered the bill as a legislative overreach. He claimed that he was concerned about a provision that allowed inspectors general to issue testimonial subpoenas to fight waste, fraud, and abuse.  In fact, Senator Reid voted--Senator Reid actually voted--to give the exact same authority to the Office of Special Counsel in 1989. That 1989 bill passed the Senate unanimously and is now law.  Senator Reid, was that legislative overreach when you did it?  Like that bill, the IG Empowerment Act has near unanimous support and is designed to root out wrongdoing from government, while ensuring proper safeguards of the use of subpoenas. So there is no reason to object to this bill on policy grounds. Yet Senator Reid stands in the way of getting that done.  The Judiciary Committee will continue its work. I say that to just one Senator: Senator Reid. And during the course of my oversight work, I will use every tool at my disposal to obtain answers for the American people.  So, Senator Reid, I will keep faith with my oath of office and ``we the people.''  I yield the floor.  