 President, before the Senate adjourns this afternoon, I want to remind my colleagues that National Domestic Violence Awareness Month begins on Saturday.  Throughout the month of October, we are called to increase public awareness and understanding of domestic violence. As noted by the National Network to End Domestic Violence, domestic violence thrives when we remain silent. That is why I recently introduced a resolution to commemorate National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.  As stated in our resolution, Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence in the United States. We also should pledge our continued support for programs designed to assist survivors, hold perpetrators accountable, and bring an end to domestic violence.  I thank my colleagues, Senators Leahy, Ayotte, and Klobuchar, for joining as original cosponsors of the resolution. It passed the Senate unanimously on September 15. Through the enactment of other key measures--such as the Violence Against Women Act, the Family Violence Prevention Act, and the Victims of Crime Act--Congress has made support to survivors a national priority for over three decades. Through the enactment of laws criminalizing domestic violence at the State and local level, we also have sent a strong signal to abusers that domestic violence is not a private matter, but a public issue.  We have come a long way, but our work is far from complete. Even now, domestic violence affects more than 12 million people each year in the United States, including women, men, and children of every age and socioeconomic status. Research also suggests that young women between the ages of 18 and 34 are particularly vulnerable to domestic violence. The negative effects of this crime go far beyond the confines of individual households. It impacts our communities when the victims of domestic violence are forced to choose between continued abuse or financial insecurity and even homelessness. It impacts our economy when the victims of this crime miss work and school.  Thankfully, there are many individuals and organizations in Iowa and elsewhere around the country that work around the clock to meet the needs of victims. They include the crisis hotline personnel who provide peer-to-peer support or counseling to victims across the Nation. They include the staff and volunteers at shelters, who provide safe havens for victims fleeing abuse in communities. They include the advocates who champion prevention initiatives and resources for victims at the State and Federal levels. Last, but certainly not least, they include the first responders who compassionately respond to victims of domestic violence in their most vulnerable moments. These men and women put their lives at risk when responding to domestic abuse calls, which can be among the most volatile they will experience. We thank them for their never-ending service.  Mr. President, once again, I thank my colleagues for passing this resolution unanimously. It is important that we continue to support the goals and ideals of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  