 President, first, we are not talking about convicted felons here, like the first thing the Senator from Illinois started to say. What we are trying to do is protect the constitutional rights of veterans, Second Amendment rights, and we are preventing the government from spending money to violate the constitutional rights.  As I just made clear, the main purpose of the VA regulation is to appoint a fiduciary, not to regulate firearms, but it has the effect of regulating firearms. This standard has been in place since the 1970s. It has nothing to do with regulating firearms.  Don't you think that since the Supreme Court held the Second Amendment to be a fundamental right in 2010, there ought to be an update of this system?  Indeed, Federal law made clear that the regulations prescribed by the VA Secretary are limited to ``the nature and extent of proof and evidence and the method of taking and furnishing them in order to establish the right to benefits under such laws,'' 38 USC 501. Again, that provides no authority to regulate firearms, but it has that impact.  Just like the Senator from Illinois, I don't want dangerous persons to have firearms, but the government must first prove a person is a danger before taking away their constitutional rights.  I am somewhat disappointed that Members on the other side of the aisle would object to even considering an amendment that simply protects veterans from having a fundamental, constitutional right taken away and doing it without due process.  When we were in the minority, we were accused of being obstructionist because we wouldn't go along with the then-majority leader's efforts to block Senators of both parties from offering amendments. Now that we are in a majority, Senator McConnell has tried to restore the tradition of having amendments considered from both sides of the aisle. Yet we have these oldtricks--still refusing to vote on amendments that show the American people whose side they are on.  I think this is an opportunity to show you are on the side of the veterans--veterans who probably handled guns in Iraq and Afghanistan not being able to do that here.  I don't understand what is so tough about voting on whether veterans' constitutional rights should be protected. It should be clear to anyone paying attention who is obstructing. They tried to destroy the Senate as a deliberative body when they were in the majority. Now they are obstructing a vote on protecting the fundamental constitutional rights of those who have put their lives on the line for our country.  Shame on you.  I yield the floor.  