  Back in February, Senator Cotton indicated a willingness to work with Senator Whitehouse and me to resolve our sole point of disagreement. Senator Cornyn tried to resolve our differences as well. As you can see, we are still at an impasse.  Our disagreement stems from a 42-year-old provision of the federal juvenile justice law that encourages States to phase out the detention of children who commit infractions, such as running away from home, skipping school, disobeying parents, or underage tobacco use. This statutory provision--which has been on the books since 1974--extends a ``carrot'' in the form of Federal grant funds, to any State that commits to deinstitutionalizing juveniles who commit extremely minor infractions, also known as ``status offenses.''  The reason for this core protection is simple: Locking up children for conduct, like running away or underage tobacco use, which could never, ever result in an adult's being jailed, defies logic and common sense.  For example, when you lock up a child for truancy, you ensure that the child will miss even more school and fall even further behind in schoolwork. At the same time you have done little, if anything, to resolve the underlying issue that led to the truancy. Similarly, very little is accomplished by locking up a repeat runaway who is being abused at home.  I urge my colleague to consider what happens when a judge sends an especially young child, who has committed the most minor infraction, known as a ``status offense,'' in juvenile detention with hardened or violent offenders. That young child, who has committed no crime whatsoever, is particularly vulnerable to abuse by older juveniles in detention.  Consider, too, that some of these children come from broken homes or have mental health issues. They are among the most vulnerable members of our communities and need our help. They don't need to be dumped in a detention facility where they will be exposed to violent criminals who have committed much more serious crimes than skipping school.  In the decades since 1974, Congress made good on its pledge to appropriate resources for every State that committed to fulfill the core requirements under the federal juvenile justice statute. About half of the States, recognizing that the detention of status offenders is mostly ineffective and tremendously costly, have made good on their commitment under this grant program. These States have phased out the practice of locking up status offenders entirely.  In another couple dozen States, judges invoke the ``valid court order'' exception sparingly. The exception is just that, an exception to be invoked only rarely. Status offenders end up in detention only occasionally in these states.  But in a tiny handful of States, some judges send status offenders to detention much more regularly. It has been reported that some of the children in detention for status offenses in one state are as young as 8 or 9. Juvenile advocates have charged that some judges are sending status offenders to detention as a general practice, which has led to calls for reform.  The Arkansas legislature has chosen to retain the option of jailing children for status offenses as a last resort option. This bill does not change that. This bill is not a mandate that would override the State's law. It merely lays out conditions for receiving Federal grant money. Arkansas is still free to not comply with the conditions set forth in this legislation.  I want to remind my colleague that over 100 nonprofit groups, numerous judges, and about 1000 law enforcement officers support this legislation. They agree that detaining child status offenders is not good public policy, based on significant research that points to the same conclusion.  I would also remind my colleagues that judges have multiple other options to hold these juveniles accountable. The other options include, for example, suspending the juvenile's driver's license, imposing fines, or ordering the juvenile into counseling, with or without parents. Counseling and other community-based alternatives not only cost much less, but are more effective than locking up children alongside violent criminals, research suggests.  This one issue is holding up a bill that is vital to help the children in our country.  Once again, I would like to point out that this legislation does not affect State law in Arkansas. We are merely imposing conditions to receiving Federal grant money. If this bill passes, which I hope will happen today, Arkansas is free to continue to invoke ``the valid court exception.'' So I ask that the Senator lift his hold on this critical piece of legislation.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  