 President, today the Senate will vote on the nomination of Judge Ebinger from Iowa. I am very pleased to be here to support her and to urge all my colleagues to also support her nomination.  I am very proud of the work my colleague Senator Ernst and I have done to fill the vacancies in Iowa's district courts by putting forward two exceptionally talented and qualified nominees, Judges Ebinger and Strand. I said this in committee but, for the benefit of all Members of the Senate, the Iowa nominees are two of the best judicial candidates the President has nominated during his Presidency.  To fill the vacancies in Iowa, I set up a Judicial Selection Commission and invited all interested Iowa lawyers to apply. The applicants were vetted by highly qualified members of the Iowa legal community. After spending hundreds of hours reviewing the applications, the Commission interviewed all 39 applicants. Eleven candidates of the thirty-nine were then selected for a lengthy second round of interviews. At the end of the process, the Commission sent their recommendations to me. In consultation with my fellow Iowa Senator, I was proud to recommend Judges Strand and Ebinger to the White House. Judges Strand and Ebinger have the highest credentials and character and will serve the State of Iowa with honor and with distinction.  I would like to say a little bit more about Judge Ebinger because she is the one of the two we are voting on today. Judge Ebinger received her undergraduate degree in 1997 from Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and her law degree from Yale Law School in 2004. She then served as a special assistant U.S. attorney in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Iowa in Cedar Rapids. There, she prosecuted criminal cases involving narcotics, immigration, firearms offenses, and violent crimes. She then clerked for Judge Michael Melloy on the Eighth Circuit for 2 years, also in Cedar Rapids, IA.  Following her clerkship, she moved to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Iowa as an assistant U.S. attorney. During this time, her practice shifted primarily to white-collar crime. She also handled intake for all child support enforcement cases and sex offender registry violations.  Judge Ebinger received a number of awards for her work with the U.S. Attorney's Office. In 2012, she was appointed to serve as a district judge in Iowa State court and was retained as a district judge in the 2014 election. As a State court judge, she presided over a court of general jurisdiction, handling civil law and equity, criminal, and family court proceedings. She has presided over 40 cases that have gone to verdict or trial.  Judge Ebinger is a highly qualified, well-respected judge already, and I urge my colleagues to support her nomination today.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  