 President, as a member of the Congressional Trademark Caucus, I have made it a goal to increase awareness and spark a dialogue about the importance of trademarks. Because this year constitutes the 70th anniversary of the Lanham Act, I would like to join my colleague, Senator Coons, in introducing a resolutionto recognize the Lanham Act and designate July as National Anti-Counterfeiting Consumer Education and Awareness Month.  Seventy years ago, the Lanham Act was signed by President Harry Truman to establish remedies for brand owners suffering from trademark infringement and to protect consumers from counterfeit products. It is this very law that has laid the foundation for modern trademark protection and led to a tremendous increase in the use of trademarks.  According to the World Intellectual Property Organization, in 2012, approximately 24 million trademarks were in force around the world. Further, the U.S. Department of Commerce reports that 31 percent of all jobs in the United States are in intellectual property-intensive industries.  Despite the legal framework currently in place to protect against counterfeiting, trademark-related crimes are one of the fastest growing economic problems worldwide. According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, manufacturing, trade, and consumption of counterfeit products continues to increase, escalating from $250 billion in 2008 to $461 billion in 2013.  Other counterfeiting trends were recently highlighted in a study released by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Global Intellectual Property Center, GIPC. The study found that China and Hong Kong alone represent 86 percent of the global physical counterfeiting. This translates into $396.5 billion worth of counterfeit goods each year. This level of counterfeiting activity bears serious economic and health and safety implications, both locally and internationally.  The GIPC also found that the value of seized counterfeit goods by customs in 38 sampled economies totals less than 2.5 percent of the global measure of physical counterfeiting. This suggests that although the efforts of customs authorities yield results, the extent of their success is still ``a drop in the bucket.''  Not only are trademark-related crimes growing rapidly, the devastating effects are also far-reaching. Trademark-related crimes impact not only whole industries, but economies as well. The most direct impact of counterfeiting is revenue loss. The GIPC estimates losses to be in the billions for any given industry.  Brand owners are actively responding to this problem. According to a GIPC report, some companies spend as much as $20 million annually in an attempt to fight counterfeiting of their products. This is money that could have been spent on research and development, business expansion, and innovation.  There are also indirect effects stemming from counterfeit products that cause economic disruption. For example, the presence of counterfeits leads to lowered incentives for innovation, spiking unemployment rates, and slower economic growth. This is a serious issue for the United States, considering the U.S. Department of Commerce reports intellectual property generates 34 percent of U.S. GDP, two-thirds of U.S. exports, and $5.8 trillion in U.S. output.  Counterfeits have devastating effects on the health and safety of consumers. For example, there has been a spike in production of fakes that have an immense impact on everyday life--such as airbags, smoke detectors, computer chips, and prescription drugs.  With increased counterfeiting of so many everyday products, the presumption of quality and effectiveness is becoming less certain. Unfortunately, there is an increased possibility of lasting and potentially fatal consequences for consumers' health and safety.  In April, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing entitled, ``Counterfeits and Their Impact on Consumer Health and Safety.'' This hearing specifically explored how hazardous counterfeit products--like medicines, electronics, automotive, and military parts--can harm consumers.  The hearing panel warned that consumers unknowingly purchase counterfeits. In fact, consumers often pay the same as they would for legitimate goods, but receive potentially unsafe products. For example, consumers are purchasing fake chargers that may explode or medicines that may be manufactured with dangerous or contaminated substances. These types of counterfeits can result in severe injuries, including death.  The hearing panel also discussed the exploitation by counterfeits of e-commerce platforms with a business direct to consumer business model. Cyber commerce, for-profit streaming, and ever-changing technologies have continued to present new challenges in combating counterfeiting activity. They also discussed the changing tactics of counterfeiters, including small package delivery through the mail, which make it difficult for law enforcement to go after these criminals.  Counterfeit products have been found to have ties to terrorism, trafficking, and organized crime groups around the world. According to the GIPC report, Interpol and FBI seizure records suggest that proceeds from counterfeit brake pads and cigarettes have been earmarked for terrorist groups like Hezbollah and al-Qaeda. As the scope of counterfeit products increases, so does the ability of criminal and hostile organizations to fund their illicit and harmful operations.  Increased education and awareness efforts are critical to helping to put a stop to ar counterfeit activity. That is why we are honoring the Lanham Act and designating July as National Anti-Counterfeiting Consumer Education and Awareness Month. Educating members of Congress, the media, and the public about the dangers of counterfeits and the vital role trademarks play will help protect consumers from confusion and deception in the marketplace. In addition, Congress, Federal agencies and law enforcement, the business community, and consumer groups must all work together so we can keep consumers safe.  As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, as well as in my capacity as a cochair of the Congressional Trademark Caucus, I will continue to work aggressively to facilitate dialogue, inform consumers, and collaborate with government agencies on trademark-related issues. And I am pleased to work my colleague Senator Coons on this resolution.  