 President, for a long time, my friend Senator Leahy and I have worked hard to improve protections for FBI employees who report waste, fraud, and abuse.  In March 2015, we held a hearing in the Judiciary Committee examining the FBI whistleblower program. That hearing addressed Department of Justice and Government Accountability Office reviews of the program. Both of those reviews found significant problems. The biggest problem is a longstanding loophole the Department created in its interpretation of the statutory protections for FBI whistleblowers. The Department's rules only protect FBI employees who experience reprisal after they report wrongdoing to a handful of offices or individuals. But those rules do not recognize that almost all whistleblowers first report wrongdoing to their immediate supervisor. Then they go up the chain of command. It is just human naturethat, when you spot a problem at work, you tell your boss.  FBI policy even encourages employees to report through their chain of command. Yet under the current rules, those same employees have no remedy if they suffer reprisal for disclosing waste, fraud, or abuse to their boss. According to the Government Accountability Office, in 5 years, roughly one-third of FBI reprisal complaints were dismissed because the employee made the report to the ``wrong person'' in their management chain. It doesn't matter if the original disclosure uncovered actual wrongdoing. If the employee who reported it experiences retaliation, there is nothing they can do about it. Worse, FBI employees are the only employees in the Federal Government without these protections.  Even whistleblowers in the intelligence community, thanks to the President's Policy Directive No. 19, are protected when they make disclosures to their supervisors. But the employees of the FBI have been left behind. The problem stems from an apparent compromise Congress reached in 1978 as part of the Civil Service Reform Act. There were some in the Congress at the time that wanted to exempt the FBI completely from important whistleblower protections.  But this was 1978, only a few years after J. Edgar Hoover's reign over the FBI ended. It had become very clear in those years that the FBI was not immune to abuses of power. So the FBI got its own provision in the U.S. Code, separate from the protections that apply to most other nonmilitary Federal employees. The point was to provide protections similar to those available for other Federal employees.  But, when the Department wrote its rules, it strictly limited the number of people FBI employees could report to. The Department said that it should not protect disclosures to supervisors because that would mean the same people who are prohibited from engaging in reprisal--supervisors--would receive disclosures. But that was not the intent. The whole point of the whistleblower protection laws is to protect the whistleblower from the person who is going to retaliate against them for disclosing waste, fraud, or abuse. That is typically the person who receives their disclosures--which is almost always a direct supervisor.  But the Department's current rules leave those employees out in the cold. The result? As I said, roughly one-third of FBI employee reprisal complaints have been dismissed because they did what FBI policy tells them to do. They reported to their chain of command. This result is absurd and not what Congress intended.  Congress wanted to encourage disclosures of wrongdoing so that problems could be more easily identified and then fixed. How can you fix problems if your employees do not have a logical, safe way to raise them? The answer is that you can't.  Moreover, there are many other federal law enforcement agencies that function under the same whistleblower protections as non-law enforcement agencies. There is no logical reason for the FBI to have unique, separate, and inadequate standards for protecting whistleblower disclosures.  So I and Senator Leahy drafted the FBI Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act. The bill amends the FBI whistleblower statute to clarify, once and for all, that FBI whistleblowers are protected for disclosing waste, fraud, and abuse in their chain of command. This change was recommended by the Government Accountability Office in its 2015 review.  It is also supported by the Office of Special Counsel, the Department's Office of the Inspector General, and numerous good government and whistleblower advocacy groups. Even FBI Director James Comey and Attorney General Loretta Lynch have both testified before the Judiciary Committee that disclosures to supervisors should be protected. Now, we passed a version of this bill out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously. That version would have made additional meaningful changes to the FBI whistleblower program.  The bill adopted by the Committee would also have addressed the other problems identified in the Justice Department report and the Government Accountability Office study.  Most importantly, the bill that passed the Committee would have dealt with the lengthy delays in the Department's internal investigation and adjudication process. We also wanted to provide FBI whistleblowers with some relief when the inspector general finds in their favor. That way, FBI would be encouraged to settle cases instead of wasting taxpayer money defending reprisal. We wanted to require the Department to make its decisions on these cases publicly available. That way, the FBI would not be the only party in these cases with access to case precedent.  We also wanted to be sure that FBI employees had opportunities for a fair and independent hearing and the ability to seek relief from a court of appeals. In that case, at least someone outside the Department would be able to hold the Department and the FBI accountable. But, behind the scenes, the FBI and the Justice Department objected to these provisions--although they never provided any official written comment on the bill. They claimed our reforms would jeopardize national security.  But they never, ever said how. In nearly a year, they could not produce one single specific, coherent concern with the process that we developed. They had no response to the fact that classified information has not been an issue in FBI cases. Reprisal complaints generally can be considered without ever addressing classified information. The Department's own rules tell employees not to file classified information as part of the whistleblower program; and there has never been an FBI case that required the consideration of classified information.  The FBI even initially objected to the provision recommended by GAO that would protect disclosures to supervisors. The FBI claimed that their employees' work was too sensitive. But that claim holds no water because employees in the intelligence community are protected for reporting wrongdoing to their supervisors.  Now, we have waited nearly a year for constructive, good-faith feedback on our other reforms, but have received none. And unfortunately, we have not been able to reach a unanimous agreement on those issues this year or obtain time for debate and a vote on the floor. I am very disappointed. However, we still found a way forward on one key provision of this legislation. FBI employees have waited long enough to be protected for the same disclosures as everyone else in the Federal Government. Year after year, decade after decade, so many FBI employees have been retaliated against with no legal recourse.  Well, that ends now. We can keep working together on other, much-needed reforms, and we will. We are not finished with the great work left to do to improve FBI whistleblower protections. Other issues identified by the Government Accountability Office and by the Justice Department itself still need to be addressed.  But with the passage of the amendment to our bill, FBI employees will finally have a remedy if they are retaliated against for reporting waste, fraud, and abuse to their supervisors--just like every other Federal employee in the vast American bureaucracy. I am thankful for the support and hard work of Senator Leahy on these issues for so many years and for working so closely with me on this legislation. I also am very thankful for Representative Chaffetz's leadership on this issue in the House. I know that he and Representatives Jeffries and Cummings have been great advocates for this change.  Most of all, I am grateful for the FBI whistleblowers I have worked with over the years, folks like Fred Whitehurst, Jane Turner, Michael German, Robert Kobus, Darin Jones, and so many more. This would never have come to pass without your leadership, persistence, and personal sacrifice. It has been a long road, but it has been a privilege to travel it with you.  We are not done yet. But now, we are one very big step closer.  