Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida for yielding the time to me.  I rise in strong support of the legislation to provide relief in response to the tragedy surrounding the collapse of Interstate 35W Bridge spanning the Mississippi River in Minneapolis.  The people in my area of Florida remember this type of grief, and we share the grief of the people of Minnesota. It was during a violent storm at 7:38 a.m. the morning of May 9, 1980, that a freighter, the Summit Venture, slammed into the Sunshine Skyway Bridge which spans Tampa Bay to connect my district to Manatee County in the south, across Tampa Bay. Thirty-five people in their vehicles fell more than 1,200 feet into the waters of Tampa Bay that morning, fell to their deaths.  The Sunshine Skyway is a Florida landmark. The scenes of the mangled bridge missing 1,260 feet of the center span of the southbound lanes of the bridge was a daily reminder of the tragedy, and we remember, and we remember for the people of Minnesota.  Only two people survived the accident in Florida, one whose car skidded to a halt at the bridge's edge and the other who survived his pick-up truck's fall into the water and swam to safety.  For 7 years, the damaged span stood as a constant reminder. Congress, however, began the healing process very shortly after that tragedy, as we do today for the Minnesota tragedy.  I thank and compliment and commend Chairman Oberstar and Mr. Mica, my good friend and colleague from Florida, who worked so hard on all of these issues and for moving this legislation quickly in a bipartisan way to bring support for the people of Minnesota.  The House responded to my request for funding to help rebuild the Sunshine Skyway Bridge quickly in the same type of fashion. So, as I said, we remember and we share the grief that you suffer today because we went through it back in 1980; and this Member stands ready to help in any way that we can to not only pass this authorization bill but to pass the appropriations that go along with it.  I thank my friend, Mr. Mica, for yielding the time to me. He is an outstanding leader in our delegation; and he does, I think, an exceptional job for all of us.  