Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in the strongest opposition to this bill. This bill, as brought forth by the majority, will increase the energy costs to all Americans. It increases the imports more than we are now, where we are now at 67 percent, of foreign oil, sending dollars overseas to compete against us and actually raise the war of terror.  I am shocked that any union would ever support this bill. It will lead to the loss of jobs in all sectors of our economy. It is clearly the work of those, including the leadership on the other side, who do not appreciate the blessings of America's place in the world.  Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher once said, ``Nothing is more obstinate than a fashionable consensus.'' This bill appears to be based on the consensus opinion that America is too wealthy, too strong and too influential in the world. The way we got there was to build the world's strongest economy by using the energy that God gave us.  The popular consensus of representatives of this bill is if we use less energy and make it more expensive then we can unilaterally reduce our impact on the world. I have news for those who believe this: Nature abhors a vacuum.  The U.S. has been the world's number one industrial economy since the Civil War. Since the Civil War. We got there by using our coal, our oil, our natural gas and our brains to create and use more energy to amplify human strengths to do more things than any other competitor on Earth. Along the way we became number one.  Now, for the first time since the Civil War, our Nation faces serious competition to our number one status from China and India. China just surpassed Germany to become the third-largest economy in the world. Experts believe that within 20 years they will overcome this Nation. And with this bill they will.  China already produces more CO2 than we do, which is the logical outcome of the relentless race to use more energy, because they understand energy use means economic growth. They are our competitors. They import energy around the world. They consume over half of the cement in the world today building their economy for tomorrow.  So what does this bill do to prepare our Nation for competition? It tells us to turn the lights out. That is what this bill does.  Mr. Chairman, I fear for our Nation. I fear for our young people. I fear for a Congress that does not understand that to stay in number one requires more energy, not less. Energy is the power of life. I fear for a Congress that does not understand the history of our blessed place in this continent of the world. I fear for my children and my grandchildren because what you are doing here today is dead wrong. And anybody who says this is the right thing to do does not understand the energy policy at all.  President Ronald Reagan, who more than anyone understood the spirit that makes America great, often referred to our Nation as ``the Shining City on the Hill.'' Mr. Chairman, I fear we are witnessing nothing less than an effort to turn off the lights in what Ronald Reagan referred to as ``the Shining City on the Hill,'' because some believe we need to rest in our quest to make the world a better place. Our competitors in the world would like us to rest.  Mr. Chairman, this is a bad bill. There is no energy in this bill at all. We are faced with the ability not to have our ships float, our trains run, our cars drive and our trucks deliver because there is no energy in this bill. And I say shame on you.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  