Mr. Speaker, I'd like to compliment Mr. McIntyre. He was very concise in his presentation about why we should act on this legislation.  And Eni, I'm glad you brought up the fact that it has passed the House twice, died in the Senate. Congressman Rose came to me, and that's when I got interested in this legislation. And it's long overdue.  Now, I know there will be a motion to recommit which I will not offer and will not support. But I want to remind people that motion is a motion to actually have them go through, the Lumbee, the process. And I heard much about the process.  Now, I've been involved in this business now 34 years, and the process of recognition is at the will and the whim of a bureau that, in fact, supported, and the Solicitor General said, no, you have to go back to Congress, and, in fact, we will not recognize you. If you go through the process, just forget it.  We've already gone through the process, in reality. In fact, we had a hearing a while back, including the assistant secretary of the BIA, and I asked him, when was the last time the process worked? When was the last tribe recognized through the process? And he stuttered and stammered, and I think he had one in the last 10 years. That's the process?  And we've been waiting 51 years for this recognition, 51 years. The Congress did act, twice. The Congress set up the original act, and now we're being asked, through a motion to recommit, to use the process? And I'm saying, nonsense.  Let's do what is right today. Let's recognize this tribe as they should. Let's make sure that, in fact, they can go forth.  And those that oppose this, let's not kid yourself. It's not about policy. It's really about cutting the pie up. We have been told by a study, this is going to cost $400 million more. And then the other side says, no, it's to come out of the pot. This is not about the money because the money is in the formula. If we don't appropriate any more dollars, then it doesn't cost any more money. But if they're recognized, they do have a right to participate in those programs as they should, as a recognized tribe.  And so I'm suggesting that this is long overdue. Again, congratulations to the chairman and to the Congressman who represents that district. And I hope he remembers that, when I have an issue on Alaska, that Members that represent the districts ought to be listened to. And I do respect that representation.  