Madam Chairman, I am dismayed that this Congress, including Members of my own party, has again decided to eliminate funding for the Denali Commission and cripple the economic lifeline to hundreds of small communities throughout rural Alaska.  When health crises arise, options are often extremely limited in rural Alaska. Health issues or emergencies that require hospital care often involve costly air transportation that can take as much time and money as a flight from New York to Los Angeles, if weather permits. For local health care, the typical rural community health facility is aging, small and inadequate to provide necessary services. In one of its earliest decisions, the Denali Commission designated rural health care as a top priority for Commission support and is continuing its work to provide safe and appropriate infrastructure which will improve health care delivery for rural Alaskans.  Through its health care program, and in partnership with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and Alaska health providers, the Commission is working to address the infrastructure needs of communities statewide to ensure all Alaskans receive safe and reliable health care.  In 1999, the Commission was granted authority by Congress to address rural Alaska health care issues. This authority authorized the Denali Commission to plan, construct and equip health, nutrition and child care projects across the state. Potential projects include hospitals, health care clinics, and mental health facilities including drug and alcohol treatment centers. In 2001, the Commission identified rural primary care facility needs in more than 288 rural communities, and estimated the cost of needed rural primary care facilities to be $253 million.  Since then, more than 200 communities have sought assistance from the Denali Commission. And in addition to constructing several essential village primary care clinics, the Denali Commission has funded major design initiatives for needed replacement hospitals in Nome and Barrow. It has now completed clinics in over 65 of these remote communities.  Now, in 2007, Congress is telling the Commission that they no longer see a need for the Denali Commission. They are looking to cut $39 million when the real need in my State is several times that amount. Have the health care problems in rural Alaska been miraculously fixed overnight? Have any Members of the House visited Alaska and seen firsthand that rural health care is no longer an issue for Alaskans? The answer to both is a resounding ``No.''  The Commission works tirelessly each year to make sure that my Alaskans are not treated like second class citizens and eliminating these funds will be devastating. It is my hope that the Senate has more sense and will continue funding this essential program. I will work with my colleagues in the other chamber to make sure that this happens--Alaskans deserve better.  