Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from West Virginia said, I do support H.R. 1294. This bill and prior versions have been in the works over the last several Congresses. This bill is long overdue.  We have heard arguments saying that we should let the tribes undergo the Federal acknowledgment process at the Department of the Interior. This would be a reasonable argument except for the fact that the Department's process is not specifically authorized by Congress. The intentions behind the creation of the process in 1978 were honorable enough, and perhaps compelling tribes to use this process is appropriate in certain cases.  But it is a fact that the Department has not always abided by its own process in extending the recognition, or failing to extend recognition, to some legitimate tribes. It is a fact that the administrative process is bogged downwith hundreds of petitions, many of which are not filed by tribes that can demonstrate the history of the six Virginia tribes.  In the hearings held on this bill, the committee has heard convincing testimony describing the rich but sometimes sad history of the six Virginia tribes. I do not need to repeat the detailed history starting with Pocahontas and Captain John Smith. We have heard a lot of that recently.  What matters is whether or not the evidence presented to the Congress demonstrates a continuous existence of a distinct Indian community from the time of European contact to the present. And in this, the six group petitioners in H.R. 1294 pass the test with flying colors.  This legislation enjoys broad support throughout the Commonwealth of Virginia. I would specifically point to the efforts of the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. Jo Ann Davis) who has been an untiring advocate for recognizing the Rappahannock tribe, which is in her district. She is the sponsor of H.R. 106, a bill to recognize this tribe. She is also cosponsoring the bill before us today.  Her support, as well as the support of the elected officials of Virginia, is critical. Local knowledge and interaction with the tribes is a key consideration. We are obligated to weigh this very heavily in our deliberations over this bill. We have an obligation to defer to the judgment of the Members when bills affecting their constituents are at stake.  One of the few points of opposition to H.R. 1294 concerns the issue of gaming. The bill contains a strict prohibition on any gaming in Virginia. I do not think it is fair to limit tribal sovereignty in this way. It is unfair to view recognition through the prism of Indian gaming.  However, the committee made its decision to defer to some Members of the Virginia delegation on this issue, and I reluctantly supported an amendment to add the gaming measure.  Therefore, I trust that H.R. 1294 will pass the House with a strong majority today, and I urge my colleagues to give their Virginia tribes their due.  I would like to also recognize Mr. Moran who has done an outstanding job on this issue and has been a great promoter. I always admire those, although not in his district, that have stepped forth and carried this torch on that side of the aisle, and I do compliment him on that effort.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  