Mr. Speaker, I have several concerns with H.R. 1483. While I may support several subtitles within this bill, changes have been made that harm the positive intent of the legislation.  An unexpected and unrequested increase, from $10 million to $15 million, in the authorization for new Heritage Areas was inserted by the Majority. No hearings have been held to discuss this change and we do not understand why it is warranted. The cost of this bill has ballooned to over $135 million.  I have further reservations because the closed rule does not provide two Members of the House the opportunity to adequately represent their districts. Mr. Bartlett and Mr. Goode have expressed concerns that they do not want to be included in these Heritage Areas and would prefer to be removed. I believe a Member has the right to represent his district and decide which Federal designations will be created over his constituents.  The committee has heard concerns that this bill would exacerbate the problem of Heritage Areas and their inability to operate without Federal funds. Heritage Areas are supposed to become self-sufficient: they were designed with that goal and that intent. This simply delivers more money to those heritage areas that have run through their authorization. The National Park Service testified that no National Heritage Area has succeeded in becoming self-sufficient.  We have seen evidence that the National Park Service and some Heritage Areas are violating public law by using Federal funds for lobbying. They go so far as to instruct other groups on how to start new Heritage Areas and further this problem.  In committee we sought to strengthen the private property rights protections. My Democrat colleagues believe this is the cure to a problem that does not exist. I urge them to reconsider and adopt real property protections that allow owners to withdraw from Heritage Area boundaries. This protection has been given to the last twelve Heritage Areas and should not be denied any new Heritage Areas.  Finally, the committee has learned that Heritage Area boundaries may be used to impede the placement of critical energy transmission lines. At a time when the national grid is already heavily taxed and the threat of blackouts loom, we should not build obstacles to providing Americans with reliable energy.  