Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 94. I want to thank Chairwoman Bordallo and Chairman Rahall for their efforts on this resolution.  I know the issue of harmful foreign fishing subsidies is one of the key concerns of the West Virginia fishing fleet and I congratulate Mr. Rahall on his interest in this resolution.  All kidding aside, this issue is a global concern. Harmful foreign fishing subsidies that threaten the sustainability of legitimate fisheries and threaten the economic viability and international competitiveness of the U.S. fishing industry must be identified and eliminated.  Some foreign fishing fleets have been heavily subsidized by their governments and this has led to over exploitation of some important fish species.  Harmful subsidies not only put legitimately prosecuted fisheries in jeopardy of overfishing, but also put U.S. fishermen at an economic disadvantage in the global fish market.  However, we need to be careful when discussing subsidies because some subsidies are actually beneficial. Government programs which help fishermen reduce unnecessary bycatch, which aid efforts to develop ``clean'' fishing gear, which aid governments in monitoring or enforcing the fisheries, or whichmake the fishery safer for fishermen are all legitimate and beneficial governmental programs.  Harmful subsidies that increase the size and harvesting capabilities of fishing fleets beyond the capacity needed to sustainably harvest the quotas in a fishery can be harmful environmentally and economically.  While I support the main concept of this resolution--to place the House of Representatives on the record opposing harmful fishing subsidies by foreign governments--one statistic used in this resolution is misleading even though it is often quoted. The resolution uses the statistic that ``75 percent of the world's fish populations are currently fully exploited, over exploited, significantly depleted or recovering from overexploitation.'' Full exploitation of fisheries is not necessarily a bad thing. In fact, the full utilization of our Nation's fisheries is a key purpose of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. Admitedly, fully exploited fisheries need to be carefully managed, monitored, and enforced to keep them from becoming over exploited.  If you remove ``fully exploited'' from this statistic, the figure drops to approximately 25 percent. This figure, while much less dramatic, is still a concern that we need to address. Foreign subsidies that contribute to this figure need to be addressed.  The United States has already taken a leading role in addressing IUU fisheries and in addressing harmful foreign subsidies. I support these efforts and urge support of efforts to continue to reduce harmful foreign fishing subsidies.  