Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlelady for yielding.  My colleagues and Mr. and Mrs. America, this is primarily a politicalgesture without a great deal of result, and that is unfortunate. The hearings are necessary, especially in cargo screening. It has been shown to us that the cargo screening port security cannot occur within our ports themselves without total cooperation from the overseas shippers to the United States.  What we are asking in this bill is expenditure of huge dollars for really window dressing and not results. As the gentleman from Florida said, we are not really in this legislation as being proposed giving us any more security. We are expending dollars in the billions in the airports, and it will be in the billions in the ports and the waterways of our Nation. And the direct result will be, and keep this in mind, Mr. and Mrs. America, a direct cost to you without any security. Every product, everything you pick up that is imported to the United States will add an additional cost, and it may make us noncompetitive. There are other ports within our hemisphere that will be accepting without the security that is being offered in this bill within our ports the cargo that should be coming through our ports employing our people.  If you want true security, it will be done at the origin of shipping to the United States, and that is where we should be putting our efforts, not a charade of saying we are going to have our ports secure because we are going to put millions of dollars, billions, into the screening of everyone who works in the ports and setting up an artificial barricade of security.  There is an old saying: If you want a secure area, don't let anybody know how you secured it. What this proposal says is: national standards shall be set, and thus you shall be secure. But if I am the bad guy, I will figure around it to do good damage, bad damage to you, good damage to me. I ask you to reconsider and let's go back to the hearing process and do this job right.  