Mr. Chairman, I first want to compliment the gentleman from New Jersey, and the gentleman, Mr. Chabot, of Ohio. This was sprung on me 2 years ago, and I was quite upset, and I'm still upset, but you are being gentlemen about it.  I will return that favor. Last time, it was very unhappy and very ugly.  But, again, I urge my colleagues to vote against this. Let's be clear about this amendment. This amendment is not about fiscal responsibility, in all due respects. It's a giveaway to the radical and environmental groups that want to treat the Tongass and all southeast Alaska as their taxpayer subsidized playground.  The problem with the timber harvest program is that environmental groups have purposely driven up the costs of managing it by filing multiple, multiple frivolous lawsuits and appeals. Now that they have successfully created the problem, they're offering a solution: target a Member of Congress unfamiliar with Alaska and the Tongass, and express concern that the Tongass timber program has become uneconomical and should not be funded by the taxpayer, request that they offer an amendment, threaten Members with negative score on their annual report cards for failing to support the amendment.  This is like a personal injury lawyer who sues lawyers over living, and then complains to Congress about the high cost of medical care. As long as you are talking about taxpayer dollars and fiscal conservatism, it should be noted that the lawsuits and appeals responsible for the high cost of doing business in the Tongass are all funded by the American taxpayer under the Equal Access to Justice Act, which says if you are an environmental fundraising group in the ninth circuit, you file lawsuits by piece work and get your money back for every one you file.  This is the ``taxpayer waste'' we should be discussing here today, taxpayers waste. If not for the never-ending onslaught of frivolous, taxpayer-funded lawsuits and appeals, the U.S. Forest Service could be managing a timber program at a net profit.  In addition to putting a Federal stamp of approval on these groups' antics, a ``yes'' vote on this amendment will cripple what's left, what's left of the several hundred Alaskan jobs. At one time, I had 15,000 jobs in my State that's been taken away. You have outsourced them.  The timber industry supports the best-paying year-found jobs in southeast Alaska, or they did. Even though environmentalists have already succeeded locking up over 96 percent of the Tongass, and eliminating most of these jobs, they are now after the remaining 4 percent, the last few hundred jobs, 15,000 versus 400, and this is America? This is nothing economic. This is economic terrorism. What's worse, the American taxpayer has been paying for it.  If supporters of this amendment would like to join me in restricting the frivolous timber appeals and lawsuits filed by the environmental trial lawyers against every timber sale and every road in the Tongass, we could lower the cost of timber harvest and return the profit to the taxpayer.  Very frankly, I believe this amendment is a job-killing bill, supposedly protecting taxpayers, but it's about fooling them. It's about forcing my constituents out of work and removing people from the Tongass so the environmentalists have a 17 million acre taxpayer subsidized playground for themselves.  I want to remind people, I have been through this in 1980. This Congress took away 16.5 million acres of Tongass. They took it all away but 10 percent. We were told there would be peace in the valley, yet same groups, same trial lawyers, same environmental groups are trying to take that last 4 percent away, 400 jobs, out the drain.  Each one of you were talking about how bad the economy is in the United States, how you outsourced your jobs, you and your industrial States, and yet you are doing this to the State of Alaska, the jobs that Alaskans have. It's a disservice to this body to continue to pander to a group that knows nothing about it other than the fact they want their playground. It's the wrong thing to do to us.  I know the why the two gentlemen are introducing this amendment. I understand it. But think of what you are doing to your Americans. The workers are left. Let us manage the timber. We would have had a profitable area, but asked by your supporters of this amendment have stopped our ability to manage the forest in a profitable way and driven those jobs overseas, into Canada, into South America, where they defoliated the forests.  We have done a disservice to a renewable resource, a terrible disservice to a renewable resource. This Congress has not managed its force, because they want to supposedly protect the trees, and those trees are dead trees, my good friends, they are dead. They should be harvested.  All I am asking is not to impose this on them so we can get that little, final 4 percent available for the Alaskan workers and for this Nation. That's not asking much. I am urging my colleagues to vote, very strongly, a no on this amendment. It's the wrong thing to do. It's the wrong thing to do for this Nation, wrong thing to do for the State of Alaska, but it's the wrong thing to do for the Americans of this great Nation.  