 We have been trying to do this for months. Finally, they have approved going to an appropriations bill. This should not be breaking news, goodness gracious, but it is newsworthy because of what has been going on around here for the last 2 or 3 months. Democrats have repeatedly blocked the Senate from even debating individual appropriations bills. They never had a good excuse, of course, and the excuses kept changing as each previous excuse got debunked, but nevertheless they kept it up month after month after month. Well, finally that seems to have changed today. Maybe we can assume that this is the end of the filibuster summer, in November, a partisan season of obstructionist Democratic filibustering in which they have blockaded government funding bills entirely--all of them. Nearly every one of those bills was bipartisan.  Our Democratic friends, as they voted for them in committee, would send out press releases praising the bills, and then when they got out here on the floor, they all blocked them. They said no to funding for bridges and infrastructure. They said no to funding for energy conservation and clean water. They said no to funding for absolutely anything at all, especially for our troops.  You know, it is particularly jarring when you consider some of the things written recently by President Obama's own Defense Secretary in an op-ed entitled ``U.S. Military Needs Budget Certainty in Uncertain Times.'' Here is what this Obama administration Cabinet Secretary said:       While Washington struggles to get its house in order, the      challenges around the world continue. China continues its      dubious and destabilizing land-reclamation activities in the      South China Sea. Islamic State continues its barbarous      campaign. Russia continues to violate the sovereignty of      Ukraine and pour gasoline on the Syrian conflict. In this      uncertain security environment, the U.S. military needs to be      agile and dynamic.  This is the Defense Secretary of the President's administration.       What it has now is a straitjacket. At the Defense      Department, we are forced to make hasty reductions when      choices should be considered carefully and strategically.  This is President Obama's Defense Secretary talking about the necessity for these bills that are being blocked by his own party.  Here is the way he continues in his op-ed. He said:       I appeal to Congress to act on a long-term budget deal--  We did that--     that will let the American troops and their families know we      have the commitment and the resources to see them succeed,      and send a global message that the United States will      continue to plan and build for the finest fighting force the      world has ever known.  This is the Secretary of Defense in the Democratic administration. Sounds like he is lecturing the guys on the other side here who are the obstacle.  In spite of these pleas from the Secretary of Defense, we are still unable to get on a defense appropriations bill. One Member of the other side said that funding our troops was wasting the Senate's time--wasting the Senate's time.  We have seen them all filibustered repeatedly. They just did so again this morning. At a time when a vast number of threats face our country, as Secretary Ash Carter alluded to, our colleagues across the aisle actually voted to filibuster the bill that funds our troops and our military one more time. Democrats filibustered for months on end to hold hostage the men and women who voluntarily put themselves in harm's way, for reasons that shifted constantly and had little to do with our troops.  