 There would be no way--consistent with the Constitution that James Madison wrote--that they would in the end not have some considerable sway over how this episode ends.  What I think it says, more than anything, is how committed to dysfunction our friends on the other side are--dysfunction for the sake of dysfunction. The American people are sick and tired of that. They want to see us do our work like adults, serious adults taking the responsibility we have been given by our constituents to do our very best for this country.  This is the same party on the other side that I remember lecturing everyone else about the dangers of the filibuster. Apparently they weren't very serious because it is obviously their new best friend now. This is the same party we remember bashing legislative ``hostage-taking,'' but apparently they weren't serious about that either because they basically have become experts.  Look, the Democrats may never be able to fully remove the stain of this filibuster summer gridlock gambit from their party's reputation, but they can work with us now to finally start turning the page.  I ask my friends on the other side: When are we going to get back to normal if not now? When, if not now, when we have agreed to all of the contentious parts of the appropriations process. Every excuse has been wiped away. We have settled our own budget agreement. We have agreed on topline budget numbers. We have settled on subcommittee allocations, and we have just proceeded to an individual appropriations bill at long last.  It is time for the appropriations process to finally be allowed to move forward, time for the Senate to finally be able to get back to regular order. It is time for each of us to get back to work, not just because it is the right thing for our country, not just because it is the right thing for the brave men and women who are voluntarily putting themselves in harm's way, but it is the best way for Senators of both parties to have the most say in the process, for the American people to be best represented, with their Members debating each appropriations bill on the floor with the opportunity for amendments to be offered.  A lot of work went into developing these appropriations bills--the occupant of the chair is on that committee. Most passed the committee with bipartisan support. That was certainly true of the Defense appropriations bill. It passed out of the Appropriations Committee 27 to 3. It was similarly true of the appropriations bill that funds veterans, which passed the committee with bipartisan support. That is the bill we just voted to proceed to.  It would support veterans by funding the health care and the benefits they rely on. It would support military families by funding the housing, schools, and health care facilities that serve them. It would provide support for women's health, for medical research, for veterans suffering from traumatic brain injury. It would do a lot of good in many of our home States too. In my State it would provide funding for design work at a new VA medical center in Louisville, a special operations headquarters at Fort Campbell, and an educational facility at Fort Knox.  The bill would do right by our veterans. We should pass it. With continued cooperation, we can pass it by Veterans Day. Then the appropriations process can continue after we pass this bill. It is obvious why we started with a Defense appropriations bill first. While this morning's filibuster was deeply regrettable, to say the least, we have the option to reconsider that bill and we will. We are going to keep working to ensure its passage.  Look, as we approach Veterans Day, I ask my colleagues to consider this. We have an all-volunteer force in this country. The young men and women who sign up to defend our Nation don't ask for a lot, but our Nation certainly asks a lot of them. These mothers and brothers and friends and neighbors aren't legislative poker chips, and helping them isn't a ``waste of the Senate's time.'' These are Americans who deserve our support. Let's put the past in the past and unite to finally give it to them. Both parties did so in committee a few months ago and both parties could do so now.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  