 President, as the Democratic leader frequently reminded me when he was the majority leader, the majority leader always gets the last word.  I enjoyed hearing the Democratic leader's history lesson, going back, as I recount--I am sure I will leave some out--to the Iraq war resolution, which he voted for, as did Hillary Clinton, to a recitation of past debates from ObamaCare, to you name it, including complaining about highways, a bill Senator Boxer and I worked on and actually passed that he voted against, which hopefully will soon be in conference, but none of that has anything to do with what is before us today.  The issue before us today is the Iran nuclear agreement. We know how the American people feel about it. They are overwhelmingly opposed to it. We know how the Israelis feel about it. They are overwhelmingly opposed to it. We know our Sunni-Arab allies are now visiting the Russians to talk about arms purchases because they do not trust us anymore. We know the President wanted to transform the Middle East, and, by golly, he has. Our friends don't trust us and our enemies are emboldened.  So the issue is not over. The Democratic leader saying the issue is over doesn't make it over.  This agreement and the foreign policy of this administration is best summed up by Jimmy Carter. A couple of months ago, he was asked to sum up the Obama administration's foreign policy, and this is almost a direct quote. He said he couldn't think of a single place in the world where we are in better shape now than we were when the President came to office. That is Jimmy Carter.  Foreign policy will be a big issue going into 2016, and this agreement is a metaphor for all of the mistakes this President has made. You name the area of the world, and you will see the results. So no amount of saying the issue is over makes it over. It is still on the floor of the Senate. We will have an opportunity again next week to move past this procedural snag to give all Members of the Senate an opportunity to vote up or down on a resolution of disapproval, which we know is supported on a bipartisan basis.  And I end with this: There is bipartisan opposition to this deal--bipartisan opposition to this deal. Only Democrats support it. So if the President is so proud of it, I can't figure out what these folks over here are protecting him from.  You guys should all be invited down to the veto signing. Break out the champagne, celebrate, take credit for it. You own it.  I yield the floor.  