 President, well, what we just saw here is pretty shocking. There are always limits to what can be accomplished when the American people choose divided government, but of course it does not mean Washington should not work toward bipartisan solutions that make sense for our country. Trade offers a perfect opportunity to do just that. We on this side believe strongly in lifting up the middle class and knocking down unfair barriers that discriminate against American workers and American products in the 21st century.  On this issue, the President agrees. So we worked in good faith all year--all year long--to formulate a package that both parties could support. The top Republican on the Finance Committee, Senator Hatch, engaged in months of good-faith negotiations with the top Democrat on the committee, Senator Wyden. They consulted closely with colleagues over in the House such as Chairman Ryan. They consulted closely with President Obama, with Democrats, with Republicans.  The issues they had to work through were tough. Difficult concessions had to be made. Many believed an agreement would never emerge, but in the end a strong bipartisan trade package came together that was able to pass through the committee by an overwhelming margin of 20 to 6--20 to 6. It was a significant win for the people we represent. It was a win for the Americans who look to us to secure economic growth and good jobs for them, not give in to the special interests who, apparently, would rather see those jobs end up in countries like China.  It was a win for the security of our country and for our leadership around the world. The Secretary of Defense, for example, was at lunch with Republicans today talking about the importance to our repositioning to the Pacific, from a defense and foreign policy point of view, to get TPP. He was accompanied by seven--not at our lunch, but seven former Defense Secretaries of both parties said this just last week, ``The stakes are clear and America's prestige, influence and leadership are on the line.''  So the rationale for voting yes today, a vote that would have simply allowed the Senate to debate the issue, was overwhelming. It was supported by the facts, and yet voices in the President's party who rail against the future won out today. I do not routinely quote President Obama, but today is no ordinary day. So when the President said, ``The hard left is just making stuff up,'' when the President said their increasingly bizarre arguments didn't ``stand the test of fact and scrutiny,'' it was hard to argue with him.  ``You don't make change through slogans,'' the President reminded his adversaries on this issue. ``You don't make change through ignoring realities.''  I think that is something worth reflecting on.  Now this doesn't have to be the end of the story. Trade has traditionally been a bipartisan issue that cuts across the partisan divide. I suspect we have colleagues on the other side who aren't that comfortable filibustering economic benefits for their constituents or a President who leads their party.  What we have just witnessed is that the Democratic Senate shut down the opportunity to debate the top economic priority of the Democratic President of the United States.  I suspect some may be parking their vote, rather than buying the outlandish rhetoric we have heard from the left. Certainly, that is my hope.  But to get the best outcome for the country, we have to be realistic. For instance, the idea that any Senator can make a guarantee that a particular bill will be enacted into law is simply impossible.  I assure you that we would have had a different outcome on today's cloture motion if Senators actually wielded the power to force things through by sheer will alone. Obviously, we don't. What we can guarantee is that Senators receive a fair shake once we proceed to the debate our country deserves on a 21st century American trade agenda.  We will have an open and fair amendment process. How many times have I said that this year? That is what we intend to do when we get on TPA. For my part, I can restate my commitment to processing TPA, TAA, and other policies that Chairman Hatch and Senator Wyden can agree to.  The Senate has historically been a place where our country debates and considers big issues. This is an issue worthy of our consideration. Yet today we have voted to not even consider it. It doesn't mean we can predetermine outcomes. It doesn't mean we can even guarantee the successful passage of legislation once we proceed to debate it. We can't make those kinds of guarantees that the other side was saying are preconditions to even considering the President's No. 1 domestic priority.  But blocking the Senate from even having a debate of such an important issue is not the answer. Senators who do so are choosing to stand with special interests and against the American jobs that knocking down more unfair trade barriers could support.  So I sure hope that some of our colleagues across the aisle will heed the words of President Obama and rethink their choice. I hope they will vote with us to open debate on this issue.  Let me reiterate. We will continue to engage with both sides. We will continue to engage with both sides. We will have an open amendment process. We will continue to cooperate in the same spirit that got us through so many impossible hurdles already in getting this bill to the floor.  This was no small accomplishment to get it as far as it has come, given the various points of view on the Finance Committee. Chairman Hatch and Senator Wyden deserve a lot of credit for that. But they didn't go through all of that to stall out on the floor before we have the chance to do something important for the American people.  So I hope that folks on the other side who are preventing this debate will seriously consider the implications. Other countries are taking a look at us. They are wondering whether we can deliver. We hear TPP is close to being finalized, and here is the headline they see--that every single one--with one exception, I believe--of the President's own party in the Senate prevented the mechanism for having trade considered, prevented it from even coming to the Senate floor. That is not the kind of headline that we want to send around the world--that America cannot be depended upon, that America cannot deliver trade agreements. To our allies in the Pacific that are apprehensive about the Chinese--and who thought this was not only good fortheir commerce but good for their security--what kind of message does that send?  So I moved to reconsider. Hopefully, it will be an opportunity for people to think this over, and we will be able to come together and go forward on a bipartisan basis to achieve an important accomplishment for the American people.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lankford). The Democratic leader.  