 President, America asks a lot of the men and women of its voluntary military force: to undertake dangerous missions in far-off lands, to spend months and years away from their families, and always to sacrifice so that we might live in freedom.  These brave men and women do it all without reservation. They ask precious little in return, save for the resources they need to do the job and the support they need to look after their families. It is the least we can do, to provide for them. We just voted 71 to 25 for a bill that promises a lot of things for our men and women.  It would be very cruel indeed for any Senator who just made that promise to turn around now and block the rest of us from fulfilling the pledge to our troops. Passing the legislation before us is a way to fulfill the promise we just made, 71 to 25. That is why nearly every Democrat voted to pass it in committee, 27 to 3. That is why Democrats have hailed this bill as a win-win-win and a victory for each of their States.  They know it gives President Obama the same level of funding he asked for. They know it adheres to a bipartisan spending level that both parties agreed to, that President Obama signed into law, and that President Obama campaigned on in the last Presidential election.  Now our friends face a choice.  Option 1: Allow the promise just made to our troops to be fulfilled by voting for a bill they can't stop praising.  Option 2: Break the promise they just made by killing a bill they claim to love, all in the service of some unrelated and completely incomprehensible partisan plan.  It is the road of bipartisanship and support for our troops that brought us this far. We shouldn't let partisan politics trip us up now. We don't have to--not if commonsense Democrats continue to prioritize pay raises and medical care for our troops over some unrelated gambit to funnel more cash to bureaucracies such as the IRS and the EPA.  I will just leave my colleagues with something one of our Democratic friends said of men and women in the military. Here is what he had to say: ``Just as we called on them to protect us, they are calling on us to provide them with the resources they need. . . .''  They are. Senators just promised they would, 71 to 25. They just made the promise. So now they shouldn't block us from fulfilling that promise by preventing us from getting on the Defense appropriations measure.  