 President, I am going to proceed under my leader time.  I want to start by congratulating the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee for an incredible job in giving the Senate an opportunity to actually express itself on what the President has described as an executive agreement.  It is an executive agreement. I think it is important for everybody to understand that the next President of the United States is going to take a new look at this because it doesn't have the force of law of a treaty. But the President didn't want us to have anything to do with it at all. And the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Corker, skillfully negotiated with the other side to give us an opportunity, as elected representatives of the American people, to actually express our views on his unilateral action with the Iranian Government. We proceeded, as the Senator from Tennessee pointed out, in a manner that respected the process and gave the Senate an opportunity to vote on that deal only, even though technically it was open for amendment. Yet we have been denied the opportunity to get an up-or-down vote on the agreement on which the Corker-Cardin bill gave us an opportunity to express ourselves.  So I congratulate the Senator from Tennessee. It has been an extraordinary legislative performance. The Senator from Tennessee, as we all know, is someone who admires and respects and is willing to talk to the other side, and frequently good things come about as a result of it. But we are where we are.  This evening, Senate Democrats will have one more opportunity to do the right thing and end their blockade of a vote on the President's deal with Iran. We know that a strong, bipartisan majority of the Senate would vote to reject it. But Democratic leaders are determined to do anything they can to prevent that vote from happening because Democrats know the deal is indefensible--indefensible--on the merits.  The President's Iran deal would allow the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism to retain thousands of centrifuges, to enrich uranium, to conduct their research and development programs for advanced centrifuges, and to reap a multibillion-dollar cash windfall which would help it fund terrorist groups like Hezbollah.  Here is what the Iranian Defense Minister said just last week:       I officially declare that under no circumstances will we      refrain from providing material and moral support to      Hezbollah, or to any other group of the resistance to the      U.S. and Israel. We say this loud and clear.  That is the Iranian Defense Minister.  The assault on Israel and the assault on the United States continues unabated. In other words, President Obama's Iran deal would likely entrench Iran's nuclear capabilities, essentially help subsidize terrorism, and threaten Israel--for what? For what? It is not as if the Iranian regime is about to change its behavior. The Supreme Leader crows that change ``will never happen'' as he rails against the Great Satan--that is us--and promises Israel's demise. The scary thing about this is that he is serious. He really means it. The scarier thing is that the President's deal could empower his regime.  This is a gravely serious matter. The American people deserve to know where their respective Senators stand on the President's deal.  Democrats seem to think they can end the discussion by blocking an up-or-down vote, then turn around and pretend they care deeply about Israel and human rights. Well, if they vote again to deny the American people a final vote, they will have a chance to test the theory.  I will file an amendment that would prevent the President from lifting sanctions until Iran meets two simple benchmarks: It must formally recognize Israel's right to exist, and it must release the American citizens being held in Iranian custody.  Let me say that again. If cloture is not invoked, I will file an amendment that would prevent the President from lifting sanctions until Iran meets two simple benchmarks: It must formally recognize Israel's right to exist, and it must release American citizens being held in Iranian custody.  The President has so far resisted linking his deal--a deal that fails to end Iran's enrichment program, while leaving it as an American-recognized nuclear threshold state--to other aspects of Iran's conduct, but linkage is appropriate, and in this negotiation it would have been wise to have linkage.  Indeed, Senators say they understand the importance of standing up for an ally such as Israel in a dangerous region, and the Senate voted unanimously just a few months ago in calling for Iranian leaders to release these Americans.  Here is what one American prisoner--this is an American prisoner in Iran, one of ours--wrote earlier this year:       As a fellow American and combat veteran, I am writing to      bring to your attention my situation and that of a long list      of my fellow Americans. For nearly three and a half years, I      have been falsely imprisoned and treated inhumanely. . . .      While I am thankful that the State Department and the Obama      administration has called for my release and that of my      fellow Americans, there has been no serious response to this      blatant and ongoing mistreatment. . . .  My strong preference is for our Democratic friends to simply allow an up-or-down vote on the President's Iran deal. I don't know what they are protecting him from. He is proud of this deal. As I suggested last week, he could have a ceremony down there while he vetoed the resolution of disapproval. He has convinced them to protect him from what he is bragging about. But if they are determined to make that impossible, then at the very least we should be able to provide some protection to Israel and long-overdue relief to Americans who have languished in Iranian custody for years.  So let me just say this. Either way, this debate will continue. This is an issue with a very, very long shelf life. It will be before the American people for the next year and a half and will certainly be a factor in their determination of whom they want to lead our country as President in the next election.  