 President, Henry Kissinger recently said our country faces the most ``diverse and complex array of crises'' since World War II. It is really hard to disagree with that.  Consider the daily situation reports received by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs: Taliban forces overrunning Kunduz in Afghanistan, retaking their first provincial capital in 14 years; Beijing exerting greater will in its aggressive military expansion, even deploying ships to patrol off the coast of Alaska; Russia deepening its aggression in Ukraine and in Syria deploying the largest number of troops outside the former Soviet Union since the U.S.S.R.'s collapse; Tehran showing its determination to expand the Iranian sphere of influence as it deploys additional forces to the Syrian battlefield; and in the tribal areas of Pakistan, Al Qaeda terrorists reminding us of their continued resolve to attack the homeland.  There is all this, Mr. President, to say nothing of the resilient, versatile threat posed by ISIL, to say nothing of ISIL's consolidation of gains inside Iraq and Syria.  We stand here 1 year after the President described a strategy for degrading and destroying ISIL. So far, this strategy has resulted in a seeming stalemate. We know from nearly daily news stories the administration is reconsidering that plan and crafting a new strategy to combat ISIL. We also know the war against the terrorist group will be protracted. That is one reason the President sought $585 billion in defense funding in his budget request.  So today the Senate has the capability to provide the level of funding authority the President actually asked for. Today the Senate has the power to help America navigate a treacherous world. Today the Senate has the opportunity to help the Defense Department begin the hard work of rebuilding America's combat capability as we seek to protect America's interests across the globe.  That is why I am calling on every colleague to join me in voting to advance the bipartisan National Defense Authorization Act. The last time the Senate considered this legislation 84 Senators--84 Senators--including a large majority of Democrats, voted to advance this bill. That was just this summer--a couple of months ago.  I would urge Democrats to vote the same way now, because we have heardsome worrying rhetoric from across the aisle. We have even heard a suggestion that this bipartisan reform bill is just ``a waste of time.'' I strongly disagree.  Is it a waste of time to transform bureaucratic waste into crucial investments for our troops and their families, such as the raises they have earned and the quality of life programs they deserve? Is it a waste of time to provide hope for wounded warriors and extend a hand of compassion to heroes who struggle with mental health challenges?  The bipartisan bill before us is hardly--hardly--a waste of time. That is why it passed the Senate once already with overwhelming bipartisan support. Our troops should be able to count on that overwhelming bipartisan support again today. This is not the time to flip-flop on the men and women who protect us. This is not the time to flip-flop on America's defense, certainly not in this age of daunting global threats.  Secretary Kerry called the situation in the Middle East ``a catastrophe, a human catastrophe really unparalleled in modern times.'' He is right. It is tragic. It is dangerous. And it only underlines the duty each of us has now to meet our responsibilities--meet our responsibilities--not filibuster the bipartisan legislation that ensures our troops have the tools and equipment they need in this time of global crisis.  This bipartisan bill will support our troops, help our military to rebuild and face the challenges of both the present and the future, and provide President Obama the level of funding authorization he actually asked for in his budget request. We passed this bipartisan defense bill once already. We need to pass it again now.Measures Placed on the Calendar--S. 2129, S. 2130, S. 2131, and S. 2132  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there are four bills at the desk due a second reading.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cruz). The clerk will read the bills by title for the second time.  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:       A bill (S. 2129) making appropriations for Agriculture,      Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, Energy and      Water Development, and Departments of Transportation, and      Housing and Urban Development, and related programs for the      fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other      purposes.       A bill (S. 2130) making appropriations for the Department      of Defense, energy and water development, Department of      Homeland Security, military construction, Department of      Veterans Affairs, and Department of State, foreign      operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending      September 30, 2016, and for other purposes.       A bill (S. 2131) making appropriations for Departments of      Commerce and Justice, and Science, and Related Agencies and      Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending      September 30, 2016, and for other purposes.       A bill (S. 2132) making appropriations for financial      services and general government, Department of the Interior,      environment, and Departments of Labor, Health and Human      Services, and Education, and related programs for the fiscal      year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes.  Mr. McCONNELL. In order to place the bills on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings en bloc.  