 President, earlier this year I observed that President Obama's national security policy has been noteworthy for its consistent objectives. He has been very consistent--drawing down our conventional and nuclear forces, withdrawing from Iraq and Afghanistan, ending the tools developed by the previous administration to wage the war on terror, and placing a greater reliance upon international organizations and diplomacy. That has been the hallmark of the Obama foreign policy.  None of this is a surprise. The President ran in 2008 as the candidate who would end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the war on terror. And our Nation has a regrettable history of drawing down our forces and capabilities after each conflict, only to find ourselves ill prepared for the next great struggle.  The book ends to the President's policies were the Executive order signed his very first week in office that included the declaration that Guantanamo would be closed within a year, without any plan for what to do with its detainees, and the Executive order that ended the Central Intelligence Agency's detention and interrogation programs. Now, some of these detainees, my colleagues, are now in Qatar, preparing to rejoin the Taliban. Some are in Uruguay, camped out in a park across from the American embassy. And, regrettably, some are back on the battlefield in Yemen, Afghanistan, and Syria. These are other hallmarks of the Obama foreign policy.  Last year the President announced that all of our combat forces would be withdrawn from Afghanistan by the end of his term in office, whether or not--whether or not--the Taliban were successful in capturing parts of Afghanistan, whether or not Al Qaeda senior leadership has found a more permissive environment in the tribal areas of Pakistan, and whether or not Al Qaeda has been completely driven from Afghanistan.  I will repeat. The pattern is clear. The President has been a reluctant Commander in Chief. And between those two book ends, my colleagues, much has occurred that has undermined our national security.  There was the failure to negotiate a status of forces agreement with Iraq that would have allowed for a residual military force and prevented the assault by the Islamic State of Syria and the Levant. China is aggressively expanding its sphere of influence. There is the threat to veto funding for the troops--we just heard it from the minority leader--and their equipment without similar increases at the IRS and EPA.  Let me say that again. The President is threatening to veto the Defense bill unless we increase funding for the IRS and EPA. Now, this is going to diminish our military's ability to respond to the myriad of threats that are facing us today. And we all know what they are. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has doggedly pursued tactics and capabilities to circumvent all that we have done since September 11, 2001, to defend our country.  So while the President has inflexibly clung to campaign promises made in 2008, the threat from Al Qaeda has metastasized around the world. ISIL, which has broken off from Al Qaeda, uses social media to communicate with Americans, divert them to encrypted communications, encourage travel to the would-be caliphate, and encourage attacks right here at home. Al Qaeda and ISIL publish online magazines instructing individuals in terrorist tactics. And in the long run, the al-Nusra Front in Syria may present the greatest long-term threat--the greatest long-term threat--to our homeland.  The President's efforts to dismantle our counterterrorism tools have not only been inflexible, but they are especially ill timed.  So today the Senate will vote on whether we should take one more tool away from those who defend this country every day: the ability of a trained analyst, under exceedingly close supervision, and only with the approval of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, to query a database of call data records based on reasonable articulable suspicion--no content, no names, no listings of phone calls of law-abiding citizens. None of that is going on. We are talking about call data records.  These are the providers' records, which is not what the Fourth Amendment speaks to. It speaks to ``the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects.'' But these records belong to the phone companies. Let me remind the Senate that the standard for reasonable articulable suspicion is that the terror suspect is associated with a ``foreign terrorist organization'' as determined by a court. Nobody's civil liberties are being violated here.  The President's campaign to destroy the tools used to prevent another terrorist attack has been aided by those seeking to prosecute officers in the intelligence community, to diminish our military capabilities, and, despicably, to leak and reveal classified information--putting our Nation further at risk.  Those who reveal the tactics, sources, and methods of our military and intelligence community give a playbook--a playbook--to ISIL and to Al Qaeda. As the Associated Press declared today, the end of the section 215 program is a ``resounding victory for Edward Snowden''--a ``resounding victory for Edward Snowden.'' It is also a resounding victory for those currently plotting attacks against our homeland.  Where was the defense of the National Security Agency from the President? Our chairman of the IntelligenceCommittee and his committee colleagues have worked with determination to educate the Senate concerning the legal, technical, and oversight safeguards currently in place.  We hear concerns about public opinion. A CNN poll was released today--just today. The CNN poll is not exactly part of the rightwing conspiracy. It states that 61 percent of Americans--61 percent of Americans--think that the expiring provisions of the PATRIOT Act, including data collection, should be renewed.  So if there is widespread concern out of America about privacy, we are not picking it up. They are not reporting it to CNN. Sixty-one percent say: I am not concerned about my privacy. I am concerned about my security.  So my view is that the determined effort to fulfill campaign promises made by the President back in 2008 reflects an inability to adapt to the current threat--what we have right now--an inflexible view of past political grievances and a policy that will leave the next President in a weaker position to combat ISIL.  I cannot support passage of the so-called USA FREEDOM Act. It does not enhance the privacy protections of American citizens, and it surely undermines Americans' security by taking one more tool from our war fighters, in my view, at exactly the wrong time.  