The incentives in this bill are a rehashing of the failed policies of the Carter Administration's stimulus in 1977, and I do not believe these measures will truly create jobs.  The news reports daily that Americans are not only hurting with the downturn of the economy, but they are also fearful that their government will continue to recklessly spend in the name of economic recovery. Last year, stimulus legislation was passed in this House, promising that a trillion dollars robbed from future generations of Americans would create jobs immediately and unemployment would not rise above 8 percent. The truth, however, is that since this boondoggle became law, unemployment hasn't fallen below 8 percent; it has risen to over 10 percent, and still hovers at just under 10 percent. Millions of jobs have been lost since the recession began, and Washington's only answer has been to spend money.  Wisconsinites have been contacting me with their concerns daily since President Obama first announced this plan in the State of the Union Address. While it is noble for Washington to suspend payroll taxes for employers that hire new workers, enact a $1,000 tax credit for retaining employees, and increase the expensing of new equipment purchased by small businesses, I fear that these measures are merely a superficial solution. Employers will not be able to take advantage of these incentives if they do not have work to offer. It is common sense that employers hire workers because they have work that needs to be done, not because they will get a tax credit. The fact remains that businesses in this country are scared. They are scared by the uncertainty that Congress is projecting. The threat of increased taxes, increased government regulation, and costly government mandates are creating an environment that does not bode well for job seekers.  We must focus on increasing businesses' confidence that their government will not further hamper their abilities to create work. At the end of the day, this legislation is a drop in the bucket, it is not the solution. Only after long-term tax relief can we realize long-term economic recovery.  