Speaker, in 2006, Congress took significant steps to reduce methamphetamine production and distribution by passing the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act. Today, the House will consider H.R. 2923, the Combat Methamphetamine Enhancement Act, which will address problems that the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) has identified in the implementation of the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act. H.R. 2923 aims to strengthen enforcement measures and ensure that retailers are in full compliance with the law.  Prior to passage of the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act, it was common practice for methamphetamine dealers to go into stores, load up shopping carts with cold medicines, break open the blister packs, and use the pseudoephedrine and ephedrine to make methamphetamine. The Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act stopped this practice, by requiring that cold medicines containing pseudoephedrine and ephedrine be placed behind a pharmacy counter, requiring signature and proof of identification before purchase, and limiting how much of these medicines a person can buy in a day or month. However, the law contains a loophole that allows retailers to continue to sell products containing pseudoephedrine and ephedrine without showing that their employees are complying with the law's requirement.  H.R. 2923 will require retailers of pseudoephedrine and ephedrine products to verify with the DEA that they have trained their staff in the requirements of the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act. If they don't, they simply won't be able to purchase pseudoephedrine products from distributors. The DEA needs every resource available to enforce the tough drug laws already on the books. This measure will curb drug manufacturers' access to ephedrine or pseudoephedrine, while keeping these products available to responsible consumers.  Over the past decade, methamphetamines have emerged as one of the most dangerous homegrown drugs. Ranking as one of the most widely used illicit drugs in the world, it has become the most prevalent drug problem in many Western and Midwestern states, and is emerging on the East Coast. Congress made great efforts in the fight against methamphetamines with the enactment of the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act. However, while many of the provisions in the comprehensive legislation have had positive results, including a sharp decline in national methamphetamine lab seizures; manufacturers, traffickers and abusers continue to search for loopholes in the law.  H.R. 2923 is a common sense bill, designed to strengthen the implementation of the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act. This bill would create incentives to ensure that the verification process of the law is made both effective and enforceable. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  