 A lot of times people come to Members of Congress saying, Why do you need to have a Chaplain? And I tell them that we need to have a Chaplain here because of the tremendous pressures that are put on Members of Congress and their families, whether it's politically, whether it's spiritually, whether we have family crises and things like that, and in order to keep the Members of Congress grounded so that they can better discharge their duties, we need to have someone to talk to and to counsel us from a spiritual standpoint.  Father Dan Coughlin has done that for the last 10 years. He is the first Roman Catholic priest who has been named as a Chaplain to the House of Representatives, and there was a lot of chatter about that at the time, but I would just remind everybody that most of his predecessors as Chaplain were ordained in specific non-Roman Catholic denominations and they had the same job in dealing with Members of all faiths, and sometimes even no faith at all, and their families when times of crises came, whether it be a personal crisis or a political crisis. And I think that in the last 10 years, a tribute to Father Coughlin's immense talents is the fact that he is universally respected in this House of Representatives and beyond. And I can say personally that I think I am a better person for having known Father Coughlin and having been counseled by him.  Father Coughlin also is respected in his home diocese in Chicago. Last Saturday my wife, Cheryl, and I accepted his invitation to join him and others at a mass celebrating the 50th anniversary of his ordination to the priesthood. There were many priests celebrating with him, the church was filled, and it was an extremely moving demonstration of the respect that Father Coughlin has both with his colleagues as priests in Chicago as well as the laity that did show up to fill the chapel at the Archbishop Quigley Center. Cardinal Francis George, who is Father Coughlin's ecclesiastical boss, showed up during the reception, and I think that his presence there also is a tribute to the fact that Father Coughlin had done a very, very good job in Chicago before he was plucked by former Speaker Hastert to become our Chaplain of the House of Representatives.  All that being said, this House is in Father Coughlin's debt for the work that he has done with us as an institution, has done with us as individuals, regardless of what our faith is, and has done with our families in helping keep our personal lives as well as our official lives in a proper perspective. We are much in debt to Father Coughlin forthat, and I hope he is with us for many more years, rather than days, to come.  