 There is a reason this antitrust exemption has survived now for 65 years, which is that it actually has encouraged competition because it allows smaller insurers to use the actuarial data that larger insurers are able to amass. If the smaller insurers can't get this actuarial data, which is what will happen if this bill is enacted into law, then they will either be gobbled up by the larger insurers, which get the data in-house, or they will go out of business. As a result, there will be less competition rather than more. So what you hear today about competition is not what you are going to get if this exemption is repealed.  Now, repealing the limited exemption that health insurance carriers have under the McCarran-Ferguson Act is, at best, going to change little and, at worst, is going to be counterproductive. As the CBO concluded in October, repealing the exemption would have little or no effect on insurance premiums because State laws already bar the activities that would be prohibited under Federal law should the bill be enacted. Instead, additional regulatory burdens on insurers will likely be passed on to the policyholders in the form of higher premiums.  This, my friends, is the majority's higher health insurance premium bill in the name of competition. It's not going to happen. The bill would subject to new Federal enforcement a variety of ongoing collaborative practices among health insurers which are currently permitted by the States because they allow the small insurers to compete.  Now, shouldn't we be for small insurers? Shouldn't we be for having new companies enter the market? This bill will prohibit that.  Small insurance companies rely on the data collected from their larger competitors, and share it industrywide in order to accurately set their rates. However, this would be forbidden under the bill. If small insurers can't get the data, further consolidation is likely. Small insurance will either merge to gain a competitive edge or get swallowed up by the big insurance giants. Again, the majority is putting together an insurance company consolidation bill--less competition rather than more. Worse, a repeal could result in the small insurers' going out of business altogether. Meanwhile, for the big insurance companies, the big, bad insurance companies with the means to collect and analyze this data in-house, it would simply be business as usual.  