President, Senator Specter and I have introduced a comprehensive court security measure, S. 1968, the Court Security Improvement Act of 2005, CSIA. Our bill responds to requests by the judiciary for a greater voice in working with the United States Marshals Service to determine their security needs. It enacts new criminal penalties for the misuse of restricted personal information to harm or threaten to seriously harm judges, their families or other individuals performing official duties. It also enacts criminal penalties for threatening judges and Federal law enforcement officials by the malicious filing of false liens, provides increased protections for witnesses, and makes available new resources for State courts to improve security for State and local court systems. Finally, it extends life insurance benefits to bankruptcy, magistrate and territorial judges, and health insurance to surviving spouses and families of Federal judges.  One of the provisions of CSIA extends the ``sunset'' of a provision first enacted in the ``Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act of 1998'' that grants the Judicial Conference of the United States the authority to redact information from a judge's mandatory financial disclosure in circumstances in which it is determined that the release of the information could endanger the filer or the filer's family. The Specter-Leahy bill also extends the protections of this provision to the family members of filers.  The misuse of this redaction authority has been a matter of some concern to me. I appreciate that the Judicial Conference is seeking to improve its practices. I offer this amendment to S. 1558, which is drawn from CSIA, because none of us wants to see judges or their families endangered. The redaction authority need not expire if there is agreement that it should be continued by reauthorization for another 4-year period before another sunset. Instead, if the Senate adopts our amendment and the House accepts the Senatebill, the authority will be extended without interruption. I hope that the House will join us without delay both in extending the redaction authority and in expanding the scope of its protections to include family members.  I also hope that we will move quickly to pass the other important provisions of CSIA so that we can better protect the dedicated women and men throughout the judiciary in this country who do a tremendous job under challenging circumstances.  