President, I firmly believe our Nation needs a sound and balanced national energy plan, emphasizing a clean, reliable, sustainable, and affordable energy policy. Unfortunately, this bill fails to do that. The Senate sent a good energy bill to conference, and we got back a frog. This conference report fails to reduce our dependence on imported oil, fails to address the threat of global warming, fails to make much needed new investments in clean energy production and fails to provide any help to consumers that are suffering from record high gas prices.  Specifically, this conference report does not include the Senate's mandatory oil savings clause, which would have reduced oil use by 1 million barrels per day. The bill also deletes the renewable energy standard that would have required utilities to obtain at least 10 percent of their electricity from renewable sources by 2020. Increasing the production of electricity from renewable energy sources will help improve the quality of our country's water and air. Instead of supporting the advancement of renewable energy technologies to create jobs and reduce pollution, we have a bill that gives oil, gas, ethanol, and nuclear companies enormous subsidies.  In addition, the bill does not include any provisions to address global warning. I believe we have a responsibility to act now to curb greenhouse gases; thus, I was pleased the Senate bill agreed on the need for mandatory programs to address greenhouse gases. Two major scientific reports released last fall warned that global warming is occurring more rapidly than previously known, and that the effects of such warming trends are widespread. In Vermont, we will also see ecological and economic consequences of these alarming trends. Vermonters working in our ski and maple syrup industries have already reported changes they have been forced to make in recent years to adjust to climate change. This bill's refusal to take any steps to combat global warming is not only disappointing, but dangerous to our future generations. One hundred years from now, it may turn out that global warming was the single most important problem that the United States almost totally ignored. At that stage I will not be able to say ``I told you so,'' but some academic scholars might note my timely warmings. Indeed, when I was chairman of the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, I included a provision on the impacts of global warming in U.S. food production in the 1990 farm bill--15 years ago.  The bill also contains a number of anti-environmental provisions that were not included in the Senate's bill. It threatens drinking water by allowing the underground injection of diesel fuel and other chemicals during oil and gas development and exempts oil and gas construction activities from the Clean Water Act. It also includes a seismic inventory of oil and gas resources in sensitive Outer Continental Shelf areas.  In addition, I am disappointed that this Energy Bill doesn't take a single concrete step to address the high and rising cost of gasoline for American consumers. The Senate unanimously adopted my amendment to allow the Federal Government to take legal action against any foreign state, including members of OPEC, for price fixing and other anticompetitive activities. It is high time we say, ``no!'' to OPEC's illegal price fixing schemes. Yet, due to opposition from the Bush administration, under whose tenure the average price of gasoline has skyrocketed from $1.45 per gallon to more than $2.30 per gallon, this provision was deleted from the Energy bill conference report.  This bill fails on almost every count. Yet, almost unbelievably, it could have gotten much worse. Under the leadership of my friend from New Hampshire, Senator Gregg, we were able to stop the House GOP leadership from letting MTBE polluters off the hook for contaminating our ground water and drinking water. I understand that the conferees came to an agreement which in no way impacts the rights of citizens and local governments to pursue all available State and Federal remedies where there is environmental harm and other injury that results from leakage of MTBE into the ground water. While I was concerned about any effort to alter the subject matter jurisdiction of these cases, I am relieved to learn that they did not do so in conference. I understand that nothing in the current language will alter the substantive law that courts currently apply in these cases and that they will apply to future claims.  After a colloquy between conferees on the record, Representative Stupak did not offer his amendment clarifying their unanimous understanding of the relevant section. The amendment that he withheld would have simply added the phrase ``under applicable state or federal law'' to the permissive removal provision. I am told by Senator Bingaman that the conferees found this amendment unnecessary because it wasclear to them, as it is to me, that the relevant language adopted does not change the substantive law that applies and it does not change the current law that applies in consideration of removal petitions.  This administration and this Congress had a real opportunity to produce a bill that would lead the Nation towards balanced, sustainable, clean energy production. Instead, we have 1,700 pages worth of policies that will increase our dependence on fossil fuels, provide billions to wealthy energy corporations, and threaten environmental and public health. I do not see how my Republican colleagues can any longer justify their drastic cuts to vital social programs while pushing through this multibillion dollar legislation that does nothing to secure our energy future.  