President, the Senate is on a path toward a divisive and actually unnecessary showdown. I have been here long enough to know that if the vote on the Republican leader's nuclear option were by a secret ballot it would fail overwhelmingly. There are too many Senators who will tell you privately that on a secret ballot they would never vote for it. We know this because, as these Senators know, it is harmful to this institution and it is wrong for this country--wrong in terms of protecting the rights of the American people, wrong in terms of undercutting our fundamental system of checks and balances, wrong in terms of defending the independence of and public support for an independent Federal judiciary. But especially it is wrong in unilaterally destroying minority protections in the Senate in order to promote one-party rule, something this Senate has never known and has never wanted.  I have served in the Senate for almost 31 years. During that time, several times the Democrats were in charge of the Senate--in the majority. Several times the Republicans were. The hallmark of every leader, Republican or Democratic, was that the special minority protections of the Senate would remain. No matter who was in the majority, they believed they had as their obligation protecting the rights of the minority because that is what the Senate is all about. Every Senate majority leader took as his trust to make sure that when he left, the Senate had at least the strengths it had when he took over.  Today, Democratic Senators alone will not be able to rescue the Senate and our system of checks and balances from the breaking of the Senate rules the Republican leadership seem so insistent on demanding. It will take at least six Republicans standing up for fairness and for checks and balances. I know a number of Senators on the other side of the aisle know in their hearts that this nuclear option is the wrong way to go.  Senators on both sides of the aisle have called for the vote on the nuclear option to be one of principle rather than one of party loyalty, and for this to be a vote of conscience. I agree. To ensure that it is, I urge both the Republican leader from Tennessee and the Democratic leader from Nevada--both of whom are my friends--to announce publicly, today, in advance of the momentous vote that awaits us at the end of this debate, that every Senator should search his or her heart, his or her conscience, and vote accordingly.  I call on both the Democratic and Republican leaders to announce that there will be no retribution or punishment visited upon any Senator for his or her vote.  I remember in the aftermath of another vote, one I called at that time a profile in courage, when our friend, the senior Senator from Oregon, Mark Hatfield, cast the deciding vote against a proposed constitutional amendment. Ten years ago some of the newer Republican Senators at the time reportedly wanted to strip him of the chairmanship of the Appropriations Committee. The press at the time provided counsel to those newer Senators, some having recently arrived from the other Chamber, and who were accustomed to the way the Republican Party in that body operates, where everything is all or nothing.  At the time, some of those Members urged that Senator Hatfield be penalized for his vote of conscience, a vote they did not like. They thought conscience should be set aside, he should have toed the party line. I remember the unfair pressures brought to bear on Senator Hatfield. I do not want to see that befall other Senators, Republican or Democrat, whichever way they choose to vote on the nuclear option.  The Senate has its own carefully calibrated role in our system of Government. The Senate was not intended to function like the House. The Great Compromise of the Constitutional Convention more than 200 years ago was to create in the Senate a different legislative body from the House of Representatives. Those fundamental differencesinclude equal representation for each State in accordance with article I, section 3. Thus, Vermont has equal numbers of Senators to New York or Idaho or California. The Founders intended this as a vital check. Representation in the Senate is not a function of population or based on the size of a State or its wealth.  Another key difference is the right to debate in the Senate. The filibuster is quintessentially a Senate practice. James Madison wrote in Federalist No. 63 that the Senate was intended to provide ``interference of some temperate and respectable body of citizens'' against ``illicit advantage'' and the ``artful misrepresentations of interested men.'' It was designed and intended as a check, a balancing device, as a mechanism to promote consensus and to forge compromise.  The House of Representatives has a different and equally crucial function in our system. I respect the House and its traditions just as I respect and honor the Senate tradition. It is the Senate and only the Senate that has a special role in our legislative system to protect the rights of a minority from the divisive or intemperate acts of a headstrong majority.  As the Republican leader agreed in debate with Senator Byrd last week, there is no language in the Constitution that creates a right to a vote or a nomination or a bill. If there were such a right, if there were a right in the Constitution to require a vote, then Republicans violated that more than 60 times by 60 times refusing to have a vote on President Clinton's judicial nominees, by 60 pocket filibusters of Clinton judicial nominations and about 200 other executive nominations.  According to the Congressional Research Service, more than 500 judicial nominations for circuit and district court did not receive final Senate votes between 1945 and 2004. That is more than 500. It amounts to 18 percent of all overall nominations. By contrast, this President has seen more than 95 percent of his judicial nominations confirmed, 208 to date.  What the Republican leadership is seeking to do is to change the Senate rules in accordance with them but by breaking them. It is wrong that the Senators who refused to have votes on more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees, and hundreds of his executive branch nominees, have only one Republican agenda now--to contend the votes and nominations are constitutionally required.  The Constitution hasn't changed from the time of the Clinton Presidency to Bush's Presidency, nor have the Senate rules been changed. That is why I like to keep the Senate autonomous and secure in a ``nuclear free'' zone.  The partisan power play now underway by Republicans will undermine the checks and balances established by the Founders of the Constitution. It is a giant leap toward one-party rule with an unfettered executive controlling all three branches of the Federal Government. It not only would demean the Senate and destroy the comity on which it depends, but it would undermine the strong, independent Federal judiciary protecting rights of liberties of all Americans against the overreaching of political branches.  It is saying, no matter whether you are Republican or Democrat or Independent in this country, only Republicans need apply because they will control the executive branch, the House of Representatives, the Senate, and now the independent Federal judiciary. That is what it comes down to. There will be no checks and balances on who goes on a Federal bench for a lifetime job, lifetime position. There will be no checks and balance. It will be, if you are a Republican, you can be on the Federal bench and help shape it; otherwise, forget about it.  This is not a country of one-party rule. I hope this country is never one of one-party rule. No democracy law exists if it is there by one-party rule.  Our Senate Parliamentarian, who is nonpartisan, our Congressional Research Service, which is there to serve both Republicans and Democrats, have said the so-called nuclear option would go against Senate precedent. In other words, to change the rule, you would have to break the rule. In other words, to say we are going to talk about how judges should judge, we will break our own laws to do it. What an example to a great and good country like ours. What an example to say we are somehow above the law.  What it is saying to the American people, you 280 million Americans, you follow the law, but 100 Senators are better than that. We don't have to follow the law. We stand above the law. In fact, if we don't like the law, we will break the law and make a new one.  Do our friends on the other side of the aisle want to so blatantly break the rules for short-term political gain? Do they desire to turn the Senate into a place where the parliamentary equivalent of brute force is whatever can be rammed through by partisan ramrodding and arm twisting?  We are not playing king of the hill. We are protecting the Constitution. We are protecting the best checks and balance of our Nation, the Senate, and we are doing it so we can remove the checks and balance of the Federal judiciary. What enormous stakes.  That is why I say if this were a secret ballot, the nuclear option would never pass. There are too many Senators who state privately in the cloakrooms, the dining room, and the Senate gym, they know this is wrong but they have to follow party discipline.  We did not come to this crossroad overnight. No Democratic Senator wanted to filibuster. Not one of us came to those votes easily. We hope we are never forced by an overaggressive executive and compliant majority into another filibuster over a judicial nomination. Filibusters, like the confrontation the Senate is being forced into over the last several days, are the direct result of a deliberate attack by the current administration and its supporters in the Senate against not only the traditions of the Senate but the rules: We are willing to break the rules that serve our purpose for the moment.  The nuclear option is the grand culmination of their efforts. It is intended to clear the way for this President to appoint a more extreme and more divisive choice--not only in the circuit courts of appeals but should a vacancy arise on the Supreme Court. That is not how the Senate has worked or should work.  I have been here with six Presidents. It has been the threat of a filibuster that has encouraged a President to moderate his choice and work with Senators on both sides of the aisle, both Republican and Democratic Senators. Of the six Presidents I have served with, five of them actually looked at the advice and consent clause and worked with Senators from both parties for both advice and consent of the judges. But this has been politicized and the Senate Republicans have systematically eliminated every other traditional protection for the minority. Now their target is a Senate filibuster, the only route that is left to allow a significant Senate minority to be heard.  Under pressure from the White House over the last 2 years prior to this year, the former Republican chairman of the Judiciary Committee led Senate Republicans in breaking the longstanding precedent and Senate tradition with respect to handling lifetime appointments to the Federal bench. Senate Republicans have had one set of practices to delay and defeat 61 of a Democratic President's moderate, qualified judge nominations. But then they suddenly switch gears and switch the rules to rubberstamp a Republican President's choices to lifetime judicial positions, including many who were very controversial.  The list of broken rules and precedents is long, including in the way the home State Senators were treated, the way hearings were scheduled, in the way the committee questionnaire was unilaterally altered, to the way the Judiciary Committee historic protection of the minority by committee rule IV was repeatedly violated. In the last Congress they destroyed virtually every custom and courtesy used throughout history to enforce cooperation and civility in the confirmation process.  For years, Democratic Senators have been warning that the deterioration of Senate rules and practices, if done away with, would also do away with the protection of minority rights.  So that is where we are. I have been proud to serve here both in the majority and the minority. I remember all the times when I was here as a member of the majority party, it was constantly drummed into us at our partycaucuses, at party meetings, we have to maintain the Senate rules to protect the rights of the then minority, the Republicans.  It is amazing to me the Senate, the place that is supposed to be the conscience of our Nation, would allow a President, any President, to convince them to turn their back on precedent, on history, but also on their own rules.  We have always been a check and balance on Presidents. Now we have Senators who will tell you, quietly outside the Chamber, they are frustrated by taking orders from the White House and yet will not stand up and say no, we don't work for the White House. We are not appointed by the White House. We are elected by the people of our State. We swear on the oath to protect the Constitution. We are not protecting it when we break our own rules. We are not protecting the people of this country when we throw away the ability to have checks and balances. This is a serious mistake, and we will rue this day.  So at this ninth hour, I say to Senators: Vote your conscience. As I said earlier, if this was a secret ballot, the nuclear option would never pass. But vote your conscience. And again, I would urge both the Republican leader and the Democratic leader to announce on the floor of the Senate that nobody will be punished if they vote their conscience because, after all, why would anybody want to serve, why would anybody want to be 1 of 100 to represent 280 million Americans? Why would you want to serve in the Senate if you felt you could not vote your conscience? I will vote mine on this issue. I will vote to protect the rights of the minority--all minorities throughout this country. I will vote to uphold the law. I will vote to uphold the rules of the Senate. And I will vote to uphold that which causes us to have a check and balance where instead of rushing off the cliff following one person on either the right or the left, we seek the compromises that are best for this country.  I see the distinguished Senator from New York on the floor. I am perfectly willing to yield the remainder of my time to her.  