President, I join my good friend, the Senator from California, in paying tribute to a remarkable young woman from Lakeport, CA, Marla Ruzicka.  There are times when we are called upon to give speeches such as this on the floor. They are never easy. Sometimes they are speeches given about somebody at the end of a long and full life. Here we are speaking about a young woman at the beginning of a life already full but with promise for decades to come.  Marla was the founder of a humanitarian organization called Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict which is devoted to helping the families of Afghan and Iraqi citizens who have been killed or suffered other losses, such as their homes destroyed, businesses destroyed, as a result of U.S. military operations. We know such suffering occurs no matter how careful the military may be.  But Saturday, Marla died in Baghdad. She died from a car bomb, a car bomb not directed at her but directed at a convoy. She was doing the work she loved and which so many people around the world admired her for. She was on her way to help somebody else. It was the case of being at the wrong place at the wrong time. But it was not unusual because she had risked her life so many times in Afghanistan and Iraq.  I met Marla 3 years ago when she first came to Washington. She was barely 26 years old. She had been in Afghanistan. She had seen the effects of the U.S. bombing mistakes that destroyed the homes and lives of innocent Afghan citizens. In one or two incidents, wedding parties had been bombed. In others, the bombs missed their targets and instead destroyed homes and neighborhoods.  I remember one incident she spoke of where every member of a family--16 people--was killed except a young child and that child's grandfather. These were the cases Marla spoke about. She spoke about them passionately because she felt passionately that the United States should help those families put their lives back together.  She met with me. She met in my office with Tim Rieser, who works on appropriations for me in the Foreign Operations Subcommittee. It did not take her long to convince either Tim or myself that she was so obviously right. We knew we not only had a moral responsibility to those people who had suffered because of the mistakes of the United States, we also had an interest in mitigating the hatred, the resentment toward Americans that those incidents had caused.  It was Marla's initiative--going to Afghanistan, meeting those families, getting the media's attention, coming back here and meeting with me and Tim and others--that led to the creation of a program that has contributed more than $8 million for medical assistance, or to rebuild homes, provide loans to start businesses, and provide other aid to innocent Afghan victims of the military operations.  From Afghanistan, Marla went to Iraq. She arrived, as I recall, a day or two after Saddam's statue fell. She and her Iraqi colleague, Faiez Ali Salem, who died at the same time, the same place as Marla, organized dozens of Iraqi volunteers to conduct surveys around the country of civilian casualties. Then she returned to Washington and again her efforts--I have to emphasize, her efforts, her personal efforts, her pounding on doors, her going person to person with her irrepressible energy--led to the creation of a program now known as the Civilian Assistance Program which has provided $10 million to the families and communities of Iraqi citizens killed by the U.S. and other coalition forces--another $10 million was allocated for this program last week--all by this happy, young woman you see depicted here, sitting with the people she helped.  To my knowledge, this is the first time we have ever provided this type of assistance to civilian victims of U.S. military operations. It would never have happened without the initiative, the courage, the incomparable force of character of Marla Ruzicka.  In my 31 years as a Senator, I have met a lot of interesting, accomplished people from all over the world, as all of us do--Nobel Prize recipients, heads of State, people who have achieved remarkable and even heroic things in their lives. I have never met anyone like Marla. She made sure we knew what she was doing and how we could help. Tim Rieser received an e-mail from her within an hour of the time she was killed. He sent it on to me during the middle of the night, Saturday night, with the photographs of Marla and the little girl she had helped.  I know how both my wife Marcelle and I felt, looking at those pictures, knowing we would never see another. There are so many stories about her, and some of them are being recounted now in the hundreds of press articles that have appeared in just the past 48 hours.  One story I remember the day after Marla arrived in Washington from Kabul. She had heard there was a hearing in the Senate where Secretary Rumsfeld and General Franks were going to testify. Thinking, perhaps a bit naively, that they might talk about the problem of civilian casualties, she decided to go hear what they would say. After the hearing was over, obviously disappointed that the issue she cared so deeply about hadn't even been mentioned, Marla walked straight up to Secretary Rumsfeld at the witness table and started talking to him.  He heads down the hallway; she heads down the hallway with him. I can imagine what the security people felt. She followed him right outside to his car, and she did not stop talking to him about the families of civilians she had met who had been killed and injured and the need to do something to help them.  Anybody who knew Marla can see that. Secretary of Defense? Secretary of State, Senator, it didn't make any difference. She had a story to tell and, by golly, you were going to hear that story. You could run down the hall, you could go to the elevator, but you were going to hear her story. She was not someone who was easy to say no to.  Not easy? It was almost impossible to say no to her. That was not simply because she was insistent. We all have insistent people who come to our offices. We have all developed ways to say no. But in her case, she was not just insistent, she was credible. She had been there. She knew what the war was about. She had seen the tragic results, and she was not about blaming anyone. She wasn't there to blame others. She just said: Look, there are people who need help. I want to help in whatever way I can.  That is what made it different. She saw her work as part of the best of what this country is about. It was the face of a compassionate America she believed in. She wanted the people of Afghanistan and Iraq to see the face of the America she believed in, a compassionate, humanitarian face.  It took time for some of us to realize she was not just a blond bundle of energy and charisma, which she was, but she was also a person of great intellect and courage who realized she wanted to help more victims. It wasn't enough to protest; that you can do easily. She needed to work with people who could help her do it. Of course, that meant the Congress, the U.S. military, the U.S. Embassy, the press, everybody else involved. She understood that. So she put aside politics and focused on the victims. But she made sure the Congress, the U.S. military, the U.S. Embassy and the press and everybody else heard from her. It didn't take long before the U.S. military saw the importance of what she was doing and they started to help. There were several civil affairs officers with whom Marla worked as a team. She would find the cases. They would arrange for the plane to airlift a wounded child to a hospital or some other type of assistance. She became one of our most beloved ambassadors because she was doing what our ambassadors want to do--put the good face, the humanitarian face, the loving and caring face of America first and foremost.  I think one of the reasons so many people around the world feel Marla's loss so deeply is because we saw how important her work was, and that meant taking risks the rest of us are unwilling take. In a way, she was not only helping the families of Iraqi war victims; she was also helping us, until she finally became an innocent victim of war herself. Yesterday, my phone rang so many times, people calling from Baghdad, calling me at home. Every one of them had a different story of something she had done, some way in which she had made somebody's life different. She has been called many things: an angel of mercy, a ray of sunshine in an often dangerous and dark world.  One person who knew her well described Marla as being as close to a living saint as they come. I suspect that is how many of us feel. She probably didn't feel that way herself. Many of us feel that way.  I don't think I have ever met, and I probably will never meet again, someone so young who gave so much of herself to so many people and who made such a difference doing it. Our hearts go out to her parents, Cliff and Nancy. I talked to her father yesterday. I said: Think how much she did in her short lifetime, more than most of us will get to do in a lifetime. But I thanked them for having the courage to let her be the person she wanted to be--not that I suspected anybody could have stopped her from being what she wanted to be.  One of the articles talks about her going to a checkpoint and the guard stopping her and she didn't have the proper papers. She stuck her head forward and pulled back the scarf. They saw the blond hair. She started talking to them about why she had to go here and there. Next thing you know, she is being sent on her way.  So our job is really to carry on the work Marla started not just in memory of a wonderful and heroic young woman, although that should be enough reason, but because the work is so important. That is what I am committed to. I know I will work with my friend from California to honor Marla in that way. I think it would be safe to say to my friend from California, I suspect there will be others in this Chamber who will do the same.  I yield the floor.  