That was almost 2 years ago and still Mr. Griffith has not taken the bar exam, has not made arrangements to take the bar and, according to his testimony in answer to my questions last month, has no intention of taking the bar and becoming a member of the Utah bar despite having practiced law there for 5 years.  In an interpretation worthy of the Queen of Hearts from Alice in Wonderland, Mr. Griffith and his supporters have defied logic and reason by turning Ms. Fox's letter upside down in an attempt to characterize it as something other than it is and to condone his conduct. If he will make this self-serving interpretation in this case, what makes anyone think that he will not be the same sort of ends-oriented judge that will twist facts and law in cases he rules on from the federal bench? Ms. Fox's recommendation that he ``closely associate'' himself with a Utah lawyer until he takes the bar and becomes a member of the bar was not offered as an indefinite safe harbor that permits him to violate Utah law. Ms. Fox's letter is being misused and mis-char-acterized as an invitation to flout the law. This is the kind of reinterpretation in one's own interest that characterizes judicial activism of the worst sort when employed by a judge.  Although he can point to no time before having read Ms. Fox's letter where he used the phrase ``closely associate,'' and can show us no evidence that he arranged his work at BYU in accordance with this advice, Mr. Griffith has in hindsight tried to assert that he somehow always knew he needed to ``closely associate'' with Utah lawyers. Indeed, he variously responded to the committee that in his view he ``closely associated'' if he first gave legal advice to a University official in a private meeting and then sometime later told a member of his staff who was admitted to the Utah bar about it.  He points to former bar president John Adams' letter of June, 2004, and to Utah bar executive director John Baldwin's letter of July, 2004 as support for his position, but these letters do not bolster his case. First of all, each is written long after Mr. Griffith's inquiry of the bar, and long after Katherine Fox told him to take the bar, but conveniently provided by his friends and supporters in the summer of 2004 as the investigation into his bar membership was beginning. In any case, neither of the letters says anything to undermine Ms. Fox's letter. Indeed, the support letters only speak in the vaguest, most noncommittal terms. Mr. Adams says that Ms. Fox's letter ``accurately answered your questions, and. . . recommended a course of action to follow in your work so long as you were not licensed in the State of Utah.''  Mr. Baldwin's letter is even stronger, telling Mr. Griffith: ``[T]hose who engage in the practice of law in Utah must be licensed by the Utah Supreme Court through the Utah State bar. 