Fourteen of our colleagues came to us with a bipartisan plan to avoid the Majority leader's nuclear option, which was a short-sighted effort to change the more than 200 years of Senate tradition, precedent and rules by destroying minority rights.  While we may not all agree with every part of the agreement, by our votes yesterday and today Democrats are showing that we are prepared to move on. I urge the Republican leader not to be captive of the narrow special interest that have moved and pushed so much the effort toward the nuclear option. We have a great deal of work to do in this body, work that can be accomplished easily by Republicans and Democrats working together, not by those who want simply partisan rules.  I expect that in due course the Senate will consider each of the three controversial nominees mentioned in Part I. A. of that Memorandum of Understanding. I do not expect there to be any repeat by Democrats of the extraordinary obstruction by Republicans of President Clinton's judicial nominees. For example, I do not expect any of the tactics used by Republicans during the extensive delay in Senate consideration of the Richard Paez nomination. Judge Paez waited more than four years before we were able to get a vote on his confirmation longer than the Priscilla Owen nomination has been pending. I recall some Republicans mounting an extraordinary motion after the filibuster of his nomination was broken to indefinitely postpone the vote; a last-ditch, unprecedented effort that was ultimately unsuccessful. Of course, Judge Helene White never got a vote or even a hearing in more than four years. Republicans denied her a hearing for a period longer than the Owen nomination has been pending. Like more than 60 of President Clinton's moderate and qualified judicial nominations, she was subjected to the Republican pocket filibuster.  In this connection I should also note that last night the Senate, with Democratic cooperation, entered into unanimous consent agreement to govern the consideration and vote on three additional circuit court nominees, Tom Griffith, Richard Griffin, and David McKeague. Those are nominations that will be debated and voted upon when the Senate returns from Memorial Day. The Democratic Leader deserves great credit for forging significant progress on these matters.  I have seen reports that the vote today of the nomination of Priscilla Owen is the ``first'' of this President's controversial nominees. That is not true. This administration has sent divisive nominee after divisive nominee to the Senate. Several controversial judicial nominees have already been voted upon by the Senate. Among the 208 judges already confirmed are some who were confirmed with less than 60 votes, some with more than 40 negative votes. The President's court-packing efforts are not new but continuing. Moreover, his penchant for insisting on divisive nominations is not limited to the judiciary, as will be demonstrated, again, when the Senate turns to the nomination of John Bolton following the vote on the Owen nomination.  As for the nomination of Priscilla Owen, after reviewing her record, hearing her testimony and evaluating her answers I am voting against her confirmation. I believe Justice Owen has shown herself over the last decade on the Texas Supreme Court to be an ends-oriented judicial activist, intent on reading her own policy views into the law. She has been the target of criticism by her conservative Republican colleagues on the court in a variety of types of cases where the law did not fit her personal views, including in cases where she has consistently ruled for big business and corporate interests in cases against worker and consumers. This sort of judging ought not to be rewarded with such an important and permanent promotion. She skews her decisions to show bias against consumers, victims and just plain ordinarypeople in favor of big business and corporations.  As one reads case after case, particularly those in which she was the sole dissenter or dissented with the extreme right wing of the Court, her pattern of activism becomes clear. Her legal views in so many cases involving statutory interpretation simply cannot be reconciled with the plain meaning of the statute, the legislative intent, or the majority's interpretation, leading to the conclusion that she sets out to justify some pre-conceived idea of what the law ought to mean. This is not an appropriate way for a judge to make decisions. This is a judge whose record reflects that she is willing and sometimes eager to make law from the bench.  Justice Owen's activism and extremism is noteworthy in a variety of cases, including those dealing with business interests, malpractice, access to public information, employment discrimination and Texas Supreme Court jurisdiction, in which she writes against individual plaintiffs time and again, in seeming contradiction of the law as written. In fact, according to a study conducted last year by the Texas Watch Foundation, a non-profit consumer protection organization in Texas, in the last six years, Owen has not dissented once from a majority decision favoring business interests over victims, but has managed to differ from the majority and dissent in 22 of the 68 cases where the majority opinion was for the consumer.  It is worth noting that the opposition to Priscilla Owen's nomination includes a broad array of newspaper editorial boards, prominent organizations, and individuals throughout the country and in Justice Owen's home state of Texas. Groups opposing Justice Owen range from the AFL-CIO and the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights to the Endangered Species Coalition and the National Partnership for Women and Families. Opposition to the Owen nomination has come from a wide variety of groups in Texas including the American Association of University Women of Texas, Texas Lawyers for a Fair Judiciary, and the Texas chapters of the National Organization for Women and the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund (MALDEF), just to name a few. Among the many citizens who have written to oppose Justice Owen's nomination are dozens of attorneys from Texas and elsewhere, as well as C.L. Ray, a retired Justice of the Texas Supreme Court, who wrote, ``I have rarely seen a public servant show so much contempt for the laws of this State.''  Lawyers who appear in front of Justice Owen in Texas Supreme Court rate her poorly as well. The most recent results of the Houston Bar Association's Judicial Evaluation Poll shows that 45 percent of the respondents rated Justice Owen ``poor,'' more than gave that lowest rating to any other justice. She was in last place in the ``acceptable'' category, with only 15 percent, and in second-to-last place among her colleagues in receiving a rating of ``outstanding,'' with only 39 percent giving her that review.  I have heard Senator Cornyn say that Justice Owen has been supported by major newspapers in Texas, but that support must have been for her election to the Texas Supreme Court because a number of major newspaper editorial boards in Texas have expressed their opposition to Justice Owen's confirmation to the federal appellate bench.  When he nominated Priscilla Owen, President Bush said that his standard for judging judicial nominees would be that they share a commitment to follow and apply the law, not to make law from the bench. He said he is against judicial activism. Yet he has nominated judicial activists like Priscilla Owen. Under President Bush's own standards, Justice Owen's record of ends-oriented judicial activism does not qualify her for a lifetime appointment to the federal bench.  I have said time and time again that if somebody walks into a federal court, they should not have to wonder whether they will be treated fairly based on whether they are a Republican or a Democrat, a defendant or a plaintiff, rich or poor. They should know that they are going to be treated fairly no matter who they are and that their case will be determined on the merits. In Priscilla Owen's case, her record shows that litigants cannot be sure of that. The President may well get the votes to put Priscilla Owen on the Fifth Circuit today, but would it not have been better to have nominated someone with a record of fairness and impartial judging who could be confirmed by a united, not a divided Senate?  Mr. President, I see the distinguished Republican leader now on the floor of the Senate. I will close--so that he may be recognized--by saying, again, when somebody walks into a Federal court, they should not have to ask themselves: Is this a Republican court or Democratic court? This is an independent judiciary.  I yield to the distinguished majority leader.  