President, I support reauthorization of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. This legislation was championed by my dear friend Senator Paul Wellstone. I supported him then and when it was reauthorized in 2003, and I continue to support this effort. It is part of his extraordinary legacy. The people of Minnesota, the Senate, the Nation and the world suffered a great loss when we lost Paul Wellstone.  The United States has long played a leading role in the international community in combating these heinous crimes, and furthered its efforts by enacting the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 and reauthorizing the law in 2003. This reauthorization confirms our commitment to effectively and successfully combating this horrific problem by combining tough law enforcement strategies with important safeguards and services for victims.  Information about severe cases of human trafficking will continue to be provided in the annual State Department Country Report for each foreign country, in a continued effort to raise awareness about this issue. In addition, the Inter-Agency Task Force will continue to monitor trafficking by providing annual and interim reports on countries whose governments do not comply with the minimum standards. Efforts to establish initiatives to enhance economic opportunities for potential trafficking victims, including training and education programs, will also continue.  I am especially pleased that this reauthorization package has been improved significantly. For the first time, the bill focuses not only on the important goal of preventing international human trafficking, but also on preventing the human trafficking that occurs within our own borders. Children here in the United States are at tremendous risk, especially those who are homeless or runaways, and they are particularly susceptible to being domestically trafficked for purposes of commercial sexual exploitation. I will not rest until this alarming trend is stopped.  Over the last 30 years, I have worked with my colleagues to write and enact legislation aimed at protecting children and assisting victims. In the last Congress, Senator Hatch and I joined forces to introduce the PROTECT Act, which provided prosecutors and law enforcement with tools necessary to combat child pornography and human trafficking. The final legislation signed into law included a number of provisions I had also either authored or strongly supported, including: The National AMBER Alert Network Act; the Protecting Our Children Comes First Act, which reauthorized funding for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children; and legislation to amend the Violence Against Women Act to provide transitional housing assistance grants for child victims of domestic violence.  As a father and a grandfather, I cannot think of any more important responsibility than our responsibility to protect the most vulnerable amongst us--our children. I recognize that more needs to be done, and I will continue to explore new ways to combat humantrafficking. Although our work is far from finished, the reauthorization of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act is another important step in the right direction.  