President, I commend the distinguished senior Senator from Illinois. He is absolutely right. You have the corporate interests, and this administration is closing courthouse doors--one of the few places where people can go that are not aligned with either the Republican or the Democratic Party; a place where they don't need any political clout; a place where somebody can't say they are going to contribute heavily to a political party so their interests will be heard, or something like that. There is one place they could go--whether they are a mechanic, a bus driver, a person raising a family, somebody who had been damaged by a product sold when the manufacturer knew of the flaw--the one place they could go would be the courthouse. They are not the rich, powerful, or well-connected. They could win. Or at least seek justice. We are going to close that door, too.  Over the few days that the Senate has been considering this bill, there have been a few modest amendments that might actually keep the door open a tiny crack for the people who need it. There have been serious concerns raised by the National Conference of State Legislatures of our 50 States, the National Association of State Attorneys General, prominent legal scholars, consumers, environmental groups, and civil rights organizations. They asked us to at least consider a few improvements but the courthouse door was slammed shut. The Senate's door was slammed shut.  For anybody watching this debate, they have figured out that by now the fix was in, despite these legitimate concerns.  After 31 years here I am disappointed that the Senate is now taking its marching orders for major legislation from corporate special interests and the White House.  We could have actually acted as an independent body and made some changes in this bill. Instead, we are saying--the 100 of us--to all 50 of the State legislatures that we know better than they do, that they are irrelevant, that we could close them off.  It is going to make it harder for American citizens to protect themselves against violation of State civil rights, consumer, health, environmental protection laws, to take these cases to State court.  Aside from being convenient, plaintiffs actually know where the local state courthouse is. These courthouses have experience with the legal and factual issues within their States. We are simply going to sweep these cases into Federal court, after we have already swept so much criminal jurisdiction there, and you can't get a civil case heard anyway. We are erecting barriers to lawsuits, and we are placing new burdens on plaintiffs. They will languish.  The bill contains language that would reduce the delay that parties can experience when a case is removed to Federal court by setting a limit for appeals of remand orders. But we don't say anything about how long the court can sit on the remand motion. They could sit on it for 10 years if they want to before they do a thing. Plaintiffs can die, witnesses can move away, memories could grow dim, and nothing happens.  Senator Feingold offered a modest amendment to set a reasonable time for action on remand motions. The solution received praise from one of the sponsors of this legislation, but the corporate masters and the White House said no. So it was rejected by the Senate.  The biggest concern raised by legal scholars and agreed to by several Senate sponsors of the bill would address the recent trend in Federal courts not to certify class actions if multiple state laws are involved.  The way this is set up in the bill--a lot of the business groups are behind this--one could easily get a case dismissed by a Federal court.  Senator Feinstein and Senator Bingaman worked together to alleviate what was a legal Catch-22. The Federal court says if a case has complicated State laws in it, it can't hear it. But you can't bring it in State court either. The Federal court says the State laws are complicated and it should have been heard in the State court. But under this bill, it goes to the Federal court so, of course, the corporate interests win. We tried to change that.  Cynics might even speculate that is what the business groups behind this purported ``procedural'' change are really seeking, the dismissal of meritorious cases on procedural grounds by the federal courts. Naturally, the orders came down from the corporate masters and the White House: Don't do it. We love the way this is going to allow us to keep things out of court. There it goes.  Anyone who reads this bill will notice that despite its title, it affects more than just class actions. Individual actions, consolidated by state courts for efficiency purposes, are not class actions. Despite the fact that a similar provision was unanimously struck from the bill during the last Congress, mass actions reappeared in this bill this Congress. Federalizing these individual cases will no doubt delay, and possibly deny, justice for victims suffering real injuries. Senator Durbin's amendment sought to clarify the bill's effect on these cases. I'm glad the debate this week served to clarify the narrow scope of this provision.  It is interesting because a similar provision to was unanimously struck from the bill during the last Congress--unanimously but that wasn't good enough for the corporate masters. It was slipped back into the bill this Congress.  Class action legislation had been criticized by nearly all of the State attorneys general in this country, Republicans and Democrats alike. The distinguished former attorney general, Senator Pryor of Arkansas, had a concern that S. 5 would limit their official powers to investigate and bring actions in State courts against defendants. He wanted to put in minor clarifications to show they could do that. Although these attorneys general contacted their Senators--Republicans and Democrats alike--they were tossed out.  Senator Kennedy's amendment to exempt civil rights, and wage and hour cases in the bill, was a sensible solution. Prominent civil rights organizations and labor advocates requested that the bill be modified to acknowledge the fact that many of our states have their own protective civil rights and employment laws. I was proud to cosponsor it and regret that with the fix being in, this amendment was rejected by the Senate. But the fix was in, and that is out.  What we have done here? I will give you an example of one class action suit that would have been impacted under this legislation--Brown v. Board of Education, finally ending segregation in our schools, a blight on the American conscience. And how did Brown v. Board of Education get to the Supreme Court? Not from the three Federal courts in that class action suit; not the three Federal courts that said ``separate but equal'' is the law of the land. It had been good enough for all of us. Send those African-American children to one school. Send the White kids to a much better school--because that is what it was. The view was that is good enough for us, always been that way.  Only one State court in the State of Delaware said: That might be what the U.S. Supreme Court said, but they are wrong. They are wrong. We don't believe in Plessy v. Ferguson. We don't believe in the separate but equal. We say sending Black children to one school and White kids to the other is not equal. We are making second-class citizens of these African Americans.  And because a State court heard and ruled on that class action, it went up to the U.S. Supreme Court, and the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously came down with Brown v. Board of Education.  We pray there is not some class of people in this country being damaged the way African-American children were being damaged at that time because if they go into the courts in the wake of this legislation, the fix is in, this Senate has closed the court doors to them, this White House has closed the court doors to them, these corporate interests have closed the court doors to them. It is a shame. It is wrong. It is one heck of a message to send to this country.  It is disappointing to me that the Senate has refused to listen to wise counsel of our state legislatures, our state law enforcement officers, our state judges and even the views expressed by our federal judiciary since they are the institutions that we are affecting by enacting this legislation.  I predict this legislation will be manipulated by well-paid corporate defense lawyers to create complex, expensive and lengthy litigation over the criteria and factors in the bill and whether they apply to a particular case. Unfortunately, one of the great boons of this legislation, to the extent it does not simply deter class actions brought by consumers, is that it will make them more costly, burdensome and complicated.  The so-called Class Action Fairness Act falls short of the expectation set by its title. It will leave many injured parties who have valid claims with no avenue for relief, and that is anything but fair to the ordinary Americans who look to us to represent them in the United States Senate.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  