President, the recent debacles at ChoicePoint and Bank of America remind us that we must vigilantly protect our personal information at all points of vulnerability. The bankruptcy process, which inherently involves the exchange of highly personal information, should be no different.  This is a bipartisan amendment that balances the need to protect personalinformation with the needs of creditors, regulators and law enforcement to access critical information. The amendment is strongly supported by the non-partisan Judicial Conference, and also by the Center for Democracy and Technology.  I am pleased that my colleagues Senator Snowe and Senator Cantwell have agreed to cosponsor this amendment, and that Chairman Specter and Senator Grassley worked so closely with us to improve the amendment even further. They have all been leaders on privacy issues, and I appreciate their support.  Our bipartisan amendment does two things. It enhances court discretion to balance the need to know against the need to protect personal information, and it requires truncation of social security numbers in publicly filed documents. This protection is particularly important in an electronic filing environment, where information once filed is immediately available to the public via the Internet.  The amendment allows the court, for cause, to protect personal information. For example, the court can seal or redact information, such as the home or employment address of a debtor, because of a personal security risk, including fear of injury by a former spouse or stalker. The amendment would also give the court the leeway to protect other information normally considered private, such as personal medical records.  Our bipartisan amendment still protects law enforcement and creditors where necessary. A law enforcement provision ensures that police and regulators can get needed information directly from the bankruptcy court, and a creditor protection provision specifies that creditors, including the IRS, receive the full Social Security number of a debtor in the initial notice of the case. Finally, we also clarify that these protections should not limit the access of the trustees, administrators and auditors to necessary information.  We must be careful that our efforts to require documentation for accuracy and accountability do not inadvertently create problems for privacy and security. As modified, the amendment properly balances these concerns, and protects the needs of those who need to know.  This has been a cooperative, bi-partisan effort, I extend special thanks to Senator Snowe, Chairman Specter, and Senator Grassley for all their hard-work in reaching an agreement, and I am pleased to submit this modification.  