President, earlier this year I was pleased to join the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, Senators DeWine and Kohl, on the introduction of the ``Antitrust Criminal Investigative Improvements Act of 2005, ACIIA. Today, I am even more pleased to see the Senate pass this bill. This is important legislation, and I hope that it will receive the speedy vote in the House of Representatives that it deserves. Once the President signs it into law, the Department of Justice will finally have another vital tool to enforce antitrust laws--wiretap authority to investigate and prosecute criminal antitrust violations.  America's antitrust laws play a critical role in protecting consumers and ensuring a fair and competitive marketplace for business. Congress's first antitrust law, the Sherman Antitrust Law, was enacted in 1890 to prohibit abusive monopolies and restraints of trade. Since that time, enforcement of the antitrust laws has benefited consumers through lower prices, greater variety, and higher quality products and services. But antitrust criminal offenses have been somewhat anomalous in the law, for they have not qualified for judicially approved wiretaps. The ACIIA will add criminal price fixing and bid rigging to the many crimes that are already ``predicate offenses'' for wiretap purposes. There are over 150 offenses that currently qualify for judicial approved wiretaps. These ``predicate offenses'' under Title III of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act, include crimes of lesser impact and significance than criminal antitrust violations. The ACIIA will ensure that the Department of Justice has the tools commensurate with the seriousness of the violations.  Under current law, the Department of Justice must often rely on the FBI or other investigative agencies to obtain evidence. While the Justice Department may engage in court-authorized searches of business records, it may only monitor phone calls of informants or the conversations of consenting parties. In light of the seriousness of economic harms caused by violations of the Sherman Antitrust Act, the inability of the Department of Justice to obtain wiretaps when investigating criminal antitrust violations makes little sense. The evidence that can be acquired through wiretaps is precisely the type of evidence that is essential for the successful prosecution and prevention of serious antitrust violations. This bill equips the Department of Justice investigators and prosecutors the opportunity to zealously enforce the criminal antitrust laws of the United States.  