President, this amendment Senator Sarbanes and I have pending is going to moderately preserve the current conflict-of-interest standards for investment banks. They might safeguard the integrity of the bankruptcy process. Senators understand that well before I was born we have had in bankruptcy law provisions to cover conflicts of interest of investment bankers. For some reason this was taken out in the pending legislation. The pending legislation would eliminate the now 67-year-old conflict-of-interest standards that prohibit investment banks which served as underwriters of a company's securities from playing a major advisory role in the company's bankruptcy process.  In other words, it means if you had an investment bank that advised or underwrote securities for WorldCom or Enron at a time when, as we now know, they were cooking the books--they were the ones who advised them how to do this before bankruptcy--then they could be hired to represent the interests of the defrauded creditors during the bankruptcy proceeding.  It is kind of the fox guarding the chicken coop. You advise one of thesecompanies how to cook the books, make a lot of money--it is going to defraud a lot of people--but if the bubble breaks and you go into bankruptcy and the people who have been defrauded try to get a little bit of money back--try to get back some of the money they are owed, even though it is going to be cents on the dollar, people who had their pensions built into this, had their retirement built into this--you could have the very same investment banker saying, ``We will represent you. We are the guys who got you in the problem in the first place, where you lost all your pension and the money you are owed, but we will help you get it back.''  It is ironic that firms that had a part in the company's deception could stay on the payroll in bankruptcy and profit handsomely from their own fraud.  For 67 years we said, wisely: Enough. You can't do that. Nobody seemed to have a problem with it, but for some reason, that prohibition was dropped here. I have to ask what kind of message are we sending to investors and pensioners who are suffering from corporate misdeeds and ensuing bankruptcies if we allow this to happen. They deserve better.  What we have suggested, what a lot of people seem to support, is: All right, we won't put the total blanket prohibition in, but we will at least say that if you were involved within 5 years of this bankruptcy you cannot come back and handle the rights of the creditors. In other words, if you are the one who lost all the money of the creditors, you lost all the money of the pensioners, you lost all the money of the investors, you are not the one who is going to come back in and say now you can pay us to get back what little bit is left.  The National Bankruptcy Review Commission, agreeing with us, strongly recommended that Congress keep the current conflict-of-interest standards in place. They said:       Strict disinterestedness standards are necessary because of      the unique pressures inherent in the bankruptcy process.  Of course there are. Of course there are pressures. The larger the bankruptcy, the greater the pressures. Which assets do you sell? Which assets do you keep? Which assets should go to the creditors? What we want to do is monitor section 414. I would like to go back to the blanket prohibition, but we said at least make it 5 years. In fact, Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Edith Jones, well respected, very conservative member of the Fifth Circuit and member of the Bankruptcy Commission, urged Congress to remove section 414. She said:       If professionals who have previously been associated with      the debtor continue to work for the debtor during a      bankruptcy case, they will often be subject to conflicting      loyalties that undermine their foremost fiduciary duty to the      creditors. Strict disinterestedness, required by current law,      eliminates such conflicts or potential conflicts. . . .      Section 414, in removing investment bankers from a rigorous      standard of disinterestedness, is out of character with the      rest of this important legislation and should be eliminated.  Then the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission wrote to us. He said, speaking for the Commission:       We believe that it would be a mistake to eliminate the      exclusion in a similar one-size-fits-all manner at a time      when investor confidence is fragile.  Think of what he said. A lot of investors, since Enron and WorldCom, have lost confidence. If we perpetuate the things that perpetuate that lack of confidence, loss of confidence, then shame on us. We can easily go in with a very commonsense exclusion of conflicts of interest.  How can any one of us go back and say to our constituents: We were in favor of keeping the people who advised and got the enormous bankruptcy in the first place. Now we are in favor of putting them in to guard what little bit of assets the creditors and the investors might have. Try to explain that to somebody who is trying to recover because they relied on what these same people had said and now they are trying to recover their life savings, or trying to recover their business which itself may go bankrupt because of money owed them. Try to convince them that we are trying to protect you by letting the same people who made this mess now be responsible for getting payment to you.  The amendment Senator Sarbanes and I offer is a modest compromise. We limit it to 5 years before the bankruptcy. It only applies in the 5 years immediately preceding the bankruptcy. It doesn't say you are precluded forever, as current law does. But it says you are precluded if you were involved within 5 years of this collapse. Then you are not going to be involved in getting people back their money.  With Enron and WorldCom and others, this is the last time in the world that the Senate should weaken conflict-of-interest standards. Certainly the investors and the public are not going to like it. What we are trying to do, we are trying to get us back in line with the SEC and others, to restore public confidence in financial transactions with greater accountability and increased investor protection.  As I said earlier, I will yield to the distinguished senior Senator from Maryland.  