We know the vote will not come today, but I urge Members for him and against him to come and speak. I say that because there are very few decisions we face here in the Senate that are as consequential or as enduring as the one we face today. Few in our Nation's history have served as Chief Justice of the United States. It is a unique and significant position. Once one assumes it, he or she holds it for life. To put that in perspective, we have had 43 Presidents. We have only had 16 Chief Justices of the United States.  I explained last week why I was supporting John Roberts's nomination to be Chief Justice. It was neither an easy decision nor was it a hurried decision. But it was a decision that my conscience led me toward.  I thank Senators Reid, Kennedy, Kerry, Bingaman, Boxer, Pryor, Obama, Nelson of Nebraska, and others for their thoughtful remarks these past few days. I commend to the Senate each of the statements on both sides made in the Judiciary Committee meeting on Thursday.  I must say, as the Democratic leader of that committee, I believe the Democratic Senators distinguished themselves by the thoughtful manner in which they proceeded. The hearing record upon which the Senate can draw in making this decision is as full as it is largely through their diligence. Now each Senator has to carefully weigh this question and decide it for himself or herself.  Regardless of how Senators decide to vote on this nomination, the Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee can all be proud that we have done our job, we have fulfilled our constitutional responsibility to fully, fairly, and openly review this nomination on its merits. For that I thank them all.  I note that it is true that Democratic Senators are not all voting in lockstep. Each Senator individually gave this nomination serious consideration. They each honored their constitutional duty and their obligation to the American people in reviewing this nomination.  Democratic Senators kept open minds throughout this process, unlike some partisan cheerleaders who rallied to endorse the White House decision long before the first day of hearings opened. I urged my colleagues on this side of the aisle to wait until we had the hearings before they made a decision either for or against the nominee. I thought that was the most responsible thing for any Senator to do.  I have served in the Senate for more than 30 years, much of that time on the Judiciary Committee. This is the 11th Supreme Court Justice nomination on which I cast my vote. I am one vote out of 100, but I recognize that those 100 of us privileged to serve in the Senate are entrusted with protecting the rights of 280 million of our fellow citizens. Just think for a moment, the Chief Justice is there to protect the rights of all 280 million Americans. Only 101 Americans can have a say in who is going to be Chief Justice: The President, of course, with the nomination, and then the 100 Members of theU.S. Senate who have to stand in the shoes of 280 million Americans.  There is no entitlement to confirmation for lifetime appointments on any court or any nomination by any President, Democratic or Republican. Americans deserve a Supreme Court that acts in its finest tradition as a source of justice. The Supreme Court must be an institution where the Bill of Rights and human dignity are honored, preserved, and protected.  As I considered this nomination, I reflected on the hearings and my meetings with Judge Roberts. While I believe Judge Roberts should and could have been more forthcoming, I was encouraged by some of his answers to my questions both at the hearings and during our nearly 3 hours of face-to-face meetings.  I took Judge Roberts at his word when he gave the committee assurances that he would respect congressional authority. His steadfast reliance on the Supreme Court's recent Raich decision as significant precedent, contravening further implications from Lopez and Morrison, was intended to reassure us that he would not join in what has been a continuing assault on congressional authority. I heard him and I rely on him to be true to the impression he created. To do otherwise would greatly undermine Congress's ability to serve the interest of Americans, to protect the environment, to ensure equal justice, and to provide health care and other basic resources that are so vitally important to some of our neediest citizens. I think he knows that now.  I was also struck by Judge Roberts's admiration for Justice Robert Jackson and for Justice Jackson's protection of fundamental rights, including the right of unpopular speech under the first amendment. We all know we don't have to fight to protect popular speech. It protects itself. We have to fight to protect unpopular speech under the first amendment. Justice Jackson's protection of unpopular speech, and his willingness to serve as a check on Presidential authority, are among the finest actions by any Justice in our history.  I expect Judge Roberts to act in the tradition of Justice Jackson and serve as an independent check on the President. When he joins the Supreme Court, he can no longer simply defer to Presidential authority. We know we are in a period in which the executive has had a complicit--and I believe compliant--Republican Congress that has not served as an effective check or balance. Without the Court to fulfill its own constitutional role as check and balance, excess will continue; the balance will be further tilted.  Justice Roberts said he went to law school because of his love of the law and the rule of law. I was struck by that comment. I was struck by it because it was the same thing that motivated me when I entered Georgetown Law School here in this city. The purpose of the law is to serve justice. A Justice on our highest Court needs to know in his core, in his entire being, that the words engraved in the Vermont marble on the Supreme Court building are not just ``Under Law'' but ``Equal Justice Under Law,'' and that under our great national charter it is not just the rule of law that a Justice must serve but the cause of justice. The rule is there so we can serve the cause of justice.  As Chief Justice, John Roberts will be responsible for the way in which the judicial branch administers justice for all Americans. I was encouraged that he said he would provide a fifth vote in staying an execution when four other Justices voted to review a capital case. Effective judicial review is all the more important in an era in which so many innocent citizens have been sent to death row.  I respect those who come to different conclusions about this nomination. Actually, when I listened to those who came to different conclusions, I readily acknowledge the unknowable at this moment. Perhaps they are right and I am wrong. Only time will tell. But in my judgment, in my experience, especially in my conscience, I find it better to vote ``yes'' than ``no.'' My Vermont roots, which are deep and cherished in my family, have always told me to go with my conscience and that is what I have done in this decision.  Judge Roberts is a man of integrity. For me, a vote to confirm requires faith that the words he spoke to us had meaning. I take him at his word that he does not have an ideological agenda and that he will be his own man as Chief Justice. I take him at his word that he will steer the Court to serve as an appropriate check of potential abuses of Presidential power. I hope and trust he will.  This nomination process we complete this week provides some important lessons for the President as he renews his efforts to select a successor to Justice O'Connor. Last week Chairman Specter--I might add, parenthetically, a chairman who ran a superb hearing in the best tradition of the Senate, making sure that both Republicans and Democrats were heard and that questions were asked--and I, along with the Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate, met with President Bush. I urged him to follow through with meaningful consultation this time, to share with us his intentions, and to seek our advice before he chooses; to use both parts of the advice and consent clause of the Constitution.  I remain concerned by the administration's lack of cooperation with the Senate on Judge Roberts's nomination. We did start off well with some early efforts at consultation. I praised the President for that. But then those early efforts didn't result in meaningful discussions.  The President's naming of Judge Roberts, first to replace Justice O'Connor and then swapping that for the vacancy left by Justice Rehnquist, came as a surprise both to Republicans and Democrats, not as a result of meaningful consultation. I believe there could and should have been consultation with the Senate on the nomination of someone to serve as the 17th Chief Justice of the United States, and I am sorry there was not. Many other Senators, including many Republican Senators, have offered similar advice.  Chairman Specter has appropriately counseled that the next nominee should be someone who promotes stability on the Court, much like Justice O'Connor. Senator Graham urged the President to listen to Democrats and what we have to say as he considers his next nominee. What we are saying could easily be summed up by quoting the President's campaign promise. We are asking him, in this case especially, to be a uniter, not a divider, for the sake of the country--not for the sake of the 100 Senators but for the sake of the country.  I thought the White House did not help the Roberts nomination by withholding information that has traditionally been shared with the Senate. The Administration treated Senators' requests for information with very little respect for the constitutional role the Senate is expected to fulfill in this process. Actually, the Administration stonewalled entirely the very narrowly tailored request for a very small number of important work papers from John Roberts's time as the principal political deputy to Kenneth Starr at the Solicitor General's Office. This decision did not help the nominee. I suspect he could very easily have answered questions about those papers. But the choice was taken out of his hands, and the choice was made at the White House.  That should not be allowed to establish a new standard because it would override the precedent from Chief Justice Rehnquist's hearings and others. Previous Presidents have had the appropriate respect for the constitutional process and worked with the Senate to provide such materials.  I urge the Administration to go back to precedent, to work with us and cooperate on future nominations.  Finally, some Republican Senators did not help the confirmation process by urging the nominee not to provide fuller answers during the course of the hearings.  I say that because, again, I remind all Senators, it would be the same thing whether it was a Democratic President who made nominations. No matter who makes the nomination, Democratic President or Republican President, we are the only 100 people in this country out of 280 million Americans who get to vote on the nomination and we should not start off by asking a nominee or telling the nominee not to answer any questions.  I can't imagine too many of our constituents would like that. I know thousands of questions were mailed in by Americans from all over who wouldhave liked to ask questions, and they could not be asked.  These hearings which we hold in the Senate are the best and only opportunity for the American people to hear from the nominee on important issues that affect all of us. The hearings we hold are the best and only opportunity to hear directly from the nominee about his or her judicial philosophy.  The President asked for a dignified process and an up-or-down vote. That is what we accomplished in the Judiciary Committee. With the Senate vote this week, we will complete our action and grant the Senate's consent. The hearings were dignified and they were fair. Chairman Specter has every reason to be proud of what the committee accomplished under his leadership.  And I must say, I was personally very humbled by what the Democratic leader, Senator Reid, said about the senior Senator from Vermont this afternoon on the Senate floor. I appreciate hearing that from my dear friend, Senator Reid.  With the benefit of lessons learned from this nomination, the President is facing a new opportunity to unite this country around a nominee to succeed Justice O'Connor.  I hope the President and those around him are listening this afternoon.  Now more than ever--with Americans fighting and dying in Iraq every day, with hundreds of thousands of our fellow Americans being displaced by disasters here at home--now more than ever is the time to unite rather than divide this Nation. The Supreme Court belongs to each and every American, not to any political party or any faction. For our country's sake, for the sake of all Americans, no matter what their politics might be, I urge the President to make a choice that unites us and doesn't divide us.  I will have more to say as the week goes on.  I see the distinguished Senator from Maryland in the Chamber. I yield to her such time as she may need.  