 Mr. President, last night I spoke, praising the Senators on both sides of the aisle who came together to avert the so-called nuclear option. I see on the floor the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I think those Senators have made his and my work a lot easier. I also commend the distinguished Senator from Delaware for his comments.  This President, with the compliance of the Republican majority, has tried to push the Senate across an unprecedented threshold that would forever change and weaken this body. This move would have stripped the minority of the crucial rights that have been a hallmark of this chamber, and it would have fundamentally altered the brilliant system of checks and balances designed by the Founders.  This misguided bid for one-party rule, the nuclear option, has been deterred for now. This ill-advised power grab was thwarted through the work and commitment of a bipartisan group of 14 Senators who have prevented the Republican majority leader from pulling this potentially devastating trigger. Pursuant to that agreement, I expect a few Democrats who had previously voted against cloture on the Owen nomination in the last Congress to vote in favor of cloture today. I understand that they are taking this action to save the Senate from the nuclear option and to preserve the filibuster.  This Republican tactic put the protection of the rights of the minority in this chamber in serious risk. That protection is fundamental to the Senate and to the Senate's ability to act as a check and balance in our national government. That protection is essential if we are to protect the independence of the Judiciary and the Judiciary is to remain a protector of the rights of all Americans against the overreaching of the political branches.  I will continue to work in good faith, as I have always done, to fulfill the Senate's constitutionally-mandated role as a partner with the Executive branch in determining who will serve in the Judiciary. I urge all Senators to take these matters to heart and to redouble our efforts to invest our advice and consent responsibility with the seriousness and scrutiny it deserves. As I have said before, just as Democratic Senators alone could not avert the nuclear option, Democratic Senators alone cannot assure that the Senate fulfills its constitutional role with the check and balance on the Executive. I believe Republican Senators will also need to evaluate, with clear eyes, each of the President's nominees for fitness. If they have doubts about the suitability of a nominee to a lifetime judicial appointment, well, they can no longer look the other way and wait for Democratic Senators to save them from a difficult vote. And there will be a number of difficult votes on the horizon on a number of problematic nominees. 