President, I am pleased that the Senate has agreed by unanimous consent to include in the Commerce-Justice-Science appropriations Act, H.R. 2862, an amendment proposed by myself, Senator Shelby and Senator Specter to waive the match required under the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 1998 for law enforcement agencies that received funds under that act, used them to purchase Zylon-based body armor, which has recently been shown by the Department of Justice to be defective, and now want to replace those faulty vests with funds awarded by that act. This waiver would be granted only if those agencies can present documentation to prove that they purchased Zylon-based body armor with funds awarded to them under the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act. I thank my friends Senator Shelby, the chairman of the CJS Appropriations Subcommittee, and Senator Specter, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for cosponsoring this amendment and for their leadership on this issue.  I was proud to partner with our former colleague Senator Campbell to author and shepherd into law the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 1998, which was reauthorized by the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Act of 2000 and most recently as part of the State Justice Institute Reauthorization Act of 2004, to create the Bulletproof Vest Partnership grant program as a means of helping law enforcement agencies purchase body armor for their rank-and-file officers. We wrote that act, in part, in response to a situation that became apparent in the tragic Carl Drega shootout in 1997 on the Vermont-New Hampshire border, in which two State troopers who did not have bulletproof vests were killed. The Federal officers who responded to the scenes of the shooting spree were equipped with life-saving body armor, but the State and local law enforcement officers lacked protective vests because of the cost.  Bulletproof vests remain one of the foremost defenses for our uniformed officers. Since their introduction more than 30 years ago, body armor has saved more than 2,700 lives. From 1999 through 2005, over 11,500 jurisdictions have participated in the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program, with $118 million in Federal funds committed to support the purchase of an estimated 450,000 vests. The Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program funds up to 50 percent of the cost of each vest purchased or replaced by law enforcement agency applicants. Under law, the program is required to fully fund the 50 percent of requested vest needs for jurisdictions under 100,000 in population. Remaining funds are distributed to jurisdictions of over 100,000 in population.  Concerns from the law enforcement community over the effectiveness of body armor surfaced nearly 2 years ago when a Pennsylvania police officer was shot and critically wounded through his relatively new Zylon-based body armor vest. Responding to requeststhat Senator Campbell and I made, as well as from law enforcement officials, Attorney General Ashcroft launched the Body Armor Safety Initiative. The National Institute of Justice, NIJ, was directed to initiate an examination of Zylon-based bullet-resistant armor--both new and used--to analyze upgrade kits provided by manufacturers to retrofit Zylon-based bullet-resistant armors, and to review the existing program by which bullet-resistant armor is tested to determine if the process needs modification.  On August 24, 2005, the Justice Department announced that test results indicate that used Zylon containing body armor vests may not provide the intended level of ballistic resistance. Unfortunately, an estimated 200,000 Zylon-based vests have been purchased, many with Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program funds, and now need to be replaced. The Justice Department has adopted new interim requirements for its body armor compliance testing program. It has also added an additional $10 million to the $23.6 million already available for the current fiscal year to law enforcement through the Bulletproof Vest Partnership program to assist agencies in their replacement of Zylon-based body armor vests.  Before concerns on Zylon-based vest safety arose, DOJ and NIJ had set voluntary compliance testing protocols to assess whether models of ballistic-resistant body armor comply with a certain minimum standard of protection and resistance. All models of ballistic-resistant body armor that complied with those standards were eligible for funding under the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act. As it turns out, those standards were not rigorous enough and the certification process was not onerous enough, thereby subjecting our Nation's law enforcement officers to severe safety risks.  Across our Nation, law enforcement agencies are struggling over how to find the funds necessary to replace defective vests that are less than 5 years old with ones that will actually stop bullets and save lives. Vests cost between $500 and $1,000 each, depending on the style. The extra $10 million released by the Justice Department is only a drop in the bucket and these officers are being forced to dip into their own pockets to pay for new vests unless the Federal Government offers more help. The amendment by Senator Shelby, Senator Specter and me that has been included in the CJS Appropriations Act will help ease the burden faced by officers and their families and further our mission to provide every police officer who needs a safe vest with the means to purchase one.  