I actually posed that question to him and asked him if he was sending us a signal.  I accept his assurance that he will act as an independent check on the President in the mold of Justice Jackson and that when he joins the Supreme Court, he will no longer heavily defer to presidential authority. It is one of the crucial roles of the Court, and I take him at his word that he will do so.  This is a fundamental question. We know that we are in a period in which the executive has a complicit and, some would say, compliant Republican Congress that refuses to serve as a check or balance. Without the courts to fulfill that constitutional role, excess will continue, and the balance will be tilted.  The other dimension of the fundamental balance of constitutional powers involves appropriate deference to congressional action taken by the people's elected representatives. The manner and techniques Judge Roberts has used while in the executive, private practice, and while briefly on the DC Circuit, show him to require an unrealistic exactitude in drafting laws that no collective body could ever meet, especially one of 535 people. I wish he had served in Congress or worked for a time in Congress so he would have a deeper understanding of the legislative process. I hope that his experience during the hearing and the many questions from Senators of both sides of the aisle have helped to increase his appreciation for congressional authority and its importance.  I believe the current activism of the Supreme Court must be curtailed. I hope that will not be a part of Chief Justice Rehnquist's legacy that John Roberts seeks to continue. Congress acts to protect the interests of Americans through the commerce clause, spending powers and the 14th amendment. That has to be respected. I am encouraged by his assurances that he will respect congressional authority.  My reading of his dissent from the denial of rehearing en banc of the Rancho Viejo v. Norton case, in which he made the ``hapless toad'' reference, is that he urged rehearing to ``afford the opportunity to consider alternative grounds for sustaining application of the Act.'' Indeed, his steadfast reliance on the Supreme Court's recent Raich decision as significant precedent contravening further implications from Lopez and Morrison was intended to reassure us that he would not join the assault on congressional authority under the commerce clause. I heard him, and I rely on him to be true to the impression he created.  As a lawyer, John Roberts has been significantly involved in the development of Supreme Court authority limiting the authority of Congress under its constitutional spending powers. He argued before the Supreme Court in the 1980s, 1990s, and in this decade in a series of cases--South Dakota v. Dole, Wilder v. Virginia Hospital Association, Suter v. Artist M., and Gonzaga University v. Doe--in which he talked about narrowing Congress's spending powers and limiting the ability of individuals to sue to compel the protections Congress required under Federal law.  His briefs in Gonzaga adopted the extreme view that spending power enactment was a contract between the State and Federal Governments and that the intended beneficiaries of those programs had no rights to sue to enforce the commitments, even when states were violating the law and the Federal government was not effectively enforcing it. I questioned him extensively onthat. At the hearing, he took pains to assure me and Senator Feinstein, among others, that as Chief Justice, he would not continue to urge additional restrictions and would respect congressional authority. To do otherwise would greatly undermine Congress's ability to serve the interests of all Americans and protect the environment, assure equal justice, provide health care and other basic benefits. I think he knows that now.  From the initial questioning by Chairman Specter, throughout the testimony of the nominee, many Senators asked about the fundamental reproductive rights of women. He testified that he now recognizes Roe v. Wade and Planned Parenthood v. Casey as established precedents of the Supreme Court and entitled to respect.  He testified that he interprets the liberty protected by the due process clause of the 14th amendment as the constitutional bedrock of the right of privacy, both substantive and procedural. Here, too, within the overly strict confines of his own self-imposed constraints on his answers, he consciously created the impression that he would not be a judicial activist on this essential point. He left me with the understanding that he would not seek to overrule or undercut the right of a woman to choose. I trust that he is a person of honor and integrity, that he will act accordingly.  As Chief Justice, John Roberts would not be only an appointee of a Republican administration or a legal advocate for a narrow interest. As Chief Justice, he has to be able to check the abuse of presidential power. As Chief Justice, he must support congressional efforts to serve the interests of all Americans. As Chief Justice, he has to work to ensure that the Federal courts, and the Supreme Court in particular, are halls of justice where Americans such as Beverly Jones and Roderick Jackson and Christine Franklin can see and find redress for grievances, meaningful remedies for the violation of their rights, and protection of their fundamental interests.  Justice White wrote in the Franklin case:       From the earliest years of the Republic, the Court has      recognized the power of the Judiciary to award appropriate      remedies to redress injuries actionable in court.  As Chief Justice, John Roberts has to ensure that the Supreme Court and all Federal courts never ``abdicate our historic judicial authority to award appropriate relief in cases brought in our court system.''  Supreme Court Justices decide what cases to decide. They consciously shape the direction of the law by choosing which cases to hear as well as how they are to be decided. We know he believes in the rule of law. I was impressed when he talked about why he went to law school--because he believes in the rule of law. That was the same reason that I went to Georgetown Law School. But court decisions--and especially Supreme Court decisions--are not mechanical applications of neutral principles. If they were, all judges would always reach the same results for the same reasons. But they don't. Legal decisions are not mechanical. They are matters of judgment and often matters of justice.  As Chief Justice, John Roberts is responsible for the way in which the judicial branch administers justice for all Americans. He must know, in his core, in his heart, in his whole being, the words engraved in the Vermont marble on the Supreme Court building are not just ``under law'' but ``equal justice under law.'' It is not just the rule of law that he must serve but the cause of justice under our great charter.  I heard days of testimony and held hours of meeting with Judge Roberts. I would have liked more information, of course. I always want more.  Is a ``no'' vote the easier, more popular one? Of course. For me it would be. But in my judgment, in my experience, but especially my conscience, I find it is better on this nomination to vote yes than no. Ultimately, my Vermont roots have always told me to go with my conscience, and they do so today.  Judge Roberts is a man of integrity. I can only take him at his word that he does not have an ideological agenda. For me, a vote to confirm requires faith that the words he spoke to us have meaning. I can only take him at his word that he will steer the Court to serve as an appropriate check of potential abuses of Presidential power.  I respect those who have come to different conclusions, and I readily acknowledge the unknowable at this moment, that perhaps they are right and I am wrong. Only time will tell. All of us will vote this month, but only later will we know if Judge Roberts proves to be the kind of Chief Justice he says he will be, if he truly will be his own man. I hope and trust that he will be.  I will vote for his confirmation. I will give my consent as a Senator.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  