President, recently 14 of our colleagues brought to us a bipartisan plan to avoid what I thought was the majority leader's shortsighted bid for one-party rule. As part of the plan to avert the nuclear option, which would have changed more than 200 years of Senate tradition and precedent, rules protecting minority rights and checks and balances, those Senators have agreed to vote for cloture on this controversial and divisive renomination. I have no doubt they will follow through on their commitment, but in all likelihood, it is going to result in the appointment for life of a judge for Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit whose disturbing view of the Constitution would set back life for American workers and consumers more than 100 years and remove protections for people and their communities we now take for granted. The preservation of our system of checks and balances in connection with the appointment of lifetimers to the Federal judiciary requires that all Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, take seriously the Senate's constitutionally mandated role as a partner in making these determinations.  So again I urge all Senators of both parties to take these matters seriously and vote their conscience. Senators need to evaluate with clear eyes the fitness of Justice Janice Rogers Brown for the lifetime appointment. My opposition to her, as it has always been, has been based on her long and troubling record. I will be speaking about this more in the future, but apparently she will be treated far more fairly than President Clinton's nominees to the court.  The Senate has already considered one of the three controversial nominees mentioned in part IA of the Memorandum of Understanding our colleagues brought us. We are now beginning consideration of the second, and I expect the third will follow shortly. What I do not expect is any repeat by Democrats of the extraordinary obstruction by Republicans of President Clinton's judicial nominees. For example, I do not expect any of the tactics used by Republicans during the extensive delay in Senate consideration of the Richard Paez nomination. Judge Paez waited more than 4 years before we were able to get a vote on his confirmation, and even then Republicans mounted an extraordinary motion after the filibuster of his nomination was broken to indefinitely postpone the vote--a last-ditch, unprecedented effort that was ultimately unsuccessful.  More than 60 of President Clinton's moderate and qualified judicial nominations were subjected to a Republican pocket filibuster, including nominees to the DC Circuit. First we were told by the Republicans that we do not need more judges added, but that changed dramatically once they had a Republican President in power. But they also blocked by committee filibusters highly qualified people for that circuit. Allen Snyder, for example, who was nominated by President Clinton, was a former clerk to Chief Justice Rehnquist--no wide-eyed liberal, he--and he was a widely respected and highly regarded partner at the law firm of Hogan & Hartson. He was filibustered by pocket filibuster by the Republicans and not allowed to come to a vote. Elena Kagan was pocket filibustered by the Republicans, not allowed to have a vote for the DC Circuit. Her qualifications: She is now a dean of the most prestigious law school in this country, Harvard Law School. They were each nominated to vacancies on the DC Circuit. They were not allowed to have either a committee vote or Senate consideration.  The bipartisan coalition of Senators who joined together last month to avert an unnecessary showdown in the Senate over the White House-inspired effort to invoke the nuclear option was right to include in the agreement the following provision:       We believe that under Article II, Section 2, of the United      States Constitution, the word     ``Advice'' speaks to consultation between the Senate and the      President with regard to the use of the President's power to      make nominations. We encourage the Executive branch of      government to consult with members of the Senate, both      Democratic and Republican, prior to submitting a judicial      nomination to the Senate for consideration.       Such a return to the early practices of our government may      well serve to reduce the rancor that unfortunately      accompanies the advice and consent process in the Senate.       We firmly believe this agreement is consistent with the      traditions of the United States Senate that we as Senators      seek to uphold.  I agree with their fundamental point. I have served here with six Presidents. Five of them did consult on major judicial nominations. They consulted with members of both parties. That included President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, former President Bush, and President Clinton. In this case, there was no meaningful consultation with the nomination of Janice Rogers Brown. Maybe that is one reason neither of her home State Senators support her. In the past, Republicans always said if home State Senators do not support a nominee, we cannot go forward. All of these rules changed with a different President. There was no consultation with these Senators in this case.  But I am hoping things may be better. I was pleased to see President Bush respond to a question in a news conference last week. He has agreed to consult with the Senate about his nomination should a vacancy arise in the Supreme Court. I see that as a positive development, and I am hoping that now that he has been reelected, he may take the opportunity to be a uniter and not a divider on these issues. Certainly I, as one on this side of the aisle, will be happy to work with him in that regard. If he does, as the other five Presidents I have served with have done, I believe it would be a good sign for the country but especially for our Federal judiciary.  In advance of any vacancy on the Supreme Court, I would urge the President to follow through on his commitment to consult with the Senate. In the next few weeks, the U.S. Supreme Court will complete its current term. Speculation will soon accelerate, again, about the potential for a Supreme Court vacancy this summer. In advance of any such vacancy, I urge the President to follow through on his commitment to consult with the Senate. As I said, previous Presidents of both parties have set constructive and successful examples by engaging in meaningful consultation with the Senate, including both Republicans and Democrats, no matter who was in the majority or the minority, before deciding on nominees. It would be shortsighted to ignore such an established and successful precedent.  It would be wise for the President to follow the precedent set by distinguished Presidents of both parties, and I stand ready to work with him in that regard. I stand ready to work with the President to help select a nominee to the Supreme Court who can unite Americans. I know that the Democratic leader is likewise ready to be helpful. After all, Senator Reid and I joined in an April 11 letter to the President offering our help in facilitating his identification, selection, and nomination of lower court judges to the 28 vacancies without a nominee that then existed throughout the Federal judiciary. Regrettably, the President did not respond to our previous offer, and the vacancies without a nominee have since grown to 30.  Some Presidents, including most recently President Clinton, found consultation with the Senate in advance of a nomination most beneficial in helping pave the way for a smooth and successful process. President Reagan, on the other hand, disregarded the advice offered by Senate Democratic leaders and chose a controversial, divisive nominee who was ultimately rejected by the full Senate.  In his book ``Square Peg,'' Senator Hatch tells how, in 1993, as the ranking minority member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, he advised President Clinton about possible Supreme Court nominees. In his book, Senator Hatch recounts that he warned President Clinton away from a nominee whose confirmation he believed ``would not be easy.'' Senator Hatch goes on to describe how he suggested the names of Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, both of whom were eventually nominated and confirmed ``with relative ease.'' Indeed, 96 Senators voted in favor of Justice Ginsburg's confirmation, and only 3 Senators voted against; Justice Breyer received 87 affirmative votes, and only 9 Senators voted against.  In its report on the Supreme Court appointment process, the Congressional Research Service of the Library of Congress has long noted:       It is common practice for Presidents, as a matter of      courtesy, to consult with Senate party leaders as well as      with members of the Senate Judiciary Committee before      choosing a nominee.  What I am suggesting has been standard and accepted practice. Thorough bipartisan consultation would not only make the choice a better one, it would also reassure the Senate and the American people that the process of selecting a Supreme Court Justice has not become politicized. The Supreme Court often serves as a final arbiter and protector of our individual rights and freedoms. Decisions regarding nominees are too important to all Americans to be unnecessarily embroiled in partisan politics.  Though the landscape ahead is sown with the potential for controversy and contention over vacancies that may arise on the Supreme Court, confrontation is unnecessary and consensus should be our goal. I would hope that the President's objective will not be to send the Senate nominees so polarizing that their confirmations are eked out in narrow margins. This would come at a steep and gratuitous price that the entire Nation would have to pay in needless division. It would serve the country better to choose a qualified consensus candidate who can be broadly supported by the public and by the Senate.  The process begins with the President. He is the only participant in the process who can nominate candidates to fill Supreme Court vacancies. If there is a vacancy, the decisions made in the White House will determine whether the nominee chosen will unite the Nation or will divide the Nation. The power to avoid political warfare with regard to the Supreme Court is in the hands of the President. No one in the Senate is spoiling for a fight. Only one person will decide whether this will be a divisive or unifying process and nomination. If consensus is a goal, bipartisan consultation will help achieve it. I believe that is what the American people want and what they deserve.  Over the last several years I have stressed the need for consultation and moderation as two guiding principles for selecting judicial nominees. I have been largely disappointed up to this point, but if there is a vacancy on the Supreme Court of the United States, I hope that the President will live up to his pledge to consult with Senators of both parties to identify consensus nominees who will unite us instead of divide us. There is no need to pit Republicans against Democrats or to divide the American people.  This is a difficult time for our country and we face many challenges. Providing adequate health care for all Americans, improving the economic prospects of Americans, defending against threats, the proliferation of nuclear weapons, the continuing upheaval and American military presence in Iraq, are all fundamental matters on which we need to improve. It is my hope that we can work together on many issues important to the American people, including our maintaining a fair and independent judiciary. I am confident that a smooth nomination and confirmation process can be developed on a bipartisan basis if we work together. The American people we represent and serve are entitled to no less.  The decisions of the Supreme Court have a lasting effect on the meaning of the Constitution and statutes intended by Congress to protect the rights of all Americans, such as the right to equal protection of the laws and the right to privacy, as well as the best opportunity to have clean air and clean water ourselves and in future generations. This is the forum where Federal regulations protecting workers' rights will be upheld or overturned, where reproductive rights will be retained or lost and where intrusive Government action will be allowed or curtailed. This is the Court to which thousands of individuals will appeal in matters affecting their health, their lives, their liberty, and their financial well-being.  If the President chooses a Supreme Court nominee because of that nominee's ideology or record of activism in the hopes that he or she will deliver predetermined political victories, the President will have done so with full knowledge that he is starting a confirmation confrontation. The Supreme Court should not be an arm of the Republican Party, nor should it be a wing of the Democratic Party. If the right-wing activists who were disappointed that the nuclear option was averted convince the President to choose a divisive nominee in order to tilt the ideological balance on the Supreme Court, they will not prevail without a difficult Senate battle. And if they do, what will they have wrought? While they would celebrate the ideological takeover of the Supreme Court, the American people will be the losers: The legitimacy of the judiciary will have suffered a damaging blow from which it may not soon recover. Such a contest would itself confirm that the Supreme Court is just another setting for partisan contests and partisan outcomes. People will perceive the Federal courts as places in which ``the fix is in.''  Our Constitution establishes an independent Federal judiciary to be a bulwark of individual liberty against incursions or expansions of power by the political branches. The independence of our Federal courts has been called by Chief Justice Rehnquist the crown jewel of our justice system, but that independence is at grave risk when a President seeks to pack the courts with activists from either side of the political spectrum. One of the most serious mistakes a President can make is the partisan engineering to take over the Supreme Court. Even if successful, such an effort would lead to decision-making based on politics and forever diminish public confidence in our justice system.  I urge, respectfully but emphatically, that the President in advance of any nomination consult with Senators from both parties and seek consensus. The American people will cheer if the President chooses someone who unifies the Nation. This is not the time and a vacancy on this Supreme Court is not the setting in which to accentuate the political and ideological division within our country. In our lifetimes, there has never been a greater need for a unifying pick for the Supreme Court. The independence of the Federal judiciary is critical to our American concept of justice for all. We should expect and accept nothing less. We all want Justices who exhibit the kind of fidelity to the law that we all respect. We want them to have a strong commitment to our shared constitutional values of individual liberties and equal protection. We expect them to have had a demonstrated record of commitment to equal rights. There are many conservatives who can meet these critieria and who are not rigid ideologues.  Two years ago, I was invited to address the National Press Club on this topic and noted that the Supreme Court confirmation process does not have to be a political Armageddon. I continue to believe that and I urge the President to take the course that would better serve the American people and the Supreme Court. I was encouraged by the President's recent statement indicating he will consult with leaders in the Senate on both sides of the aisle in advance of a nomination. That should allow him to bring forward a consensus nominee able to unite all Americans and who could be confirmed by the Senate with 95 to 100 votes. At a time when too many partisans seem fixated on devising strategies to force the Senate to confirm the most extreme candidate with the least number of votes possible, I have been urging cooperation and consultation to bring the country together. There is no more important opportunity than this to lead the Nation in a direction of cooperation and unity. I hope this President heeds the lesson of history set by his predecessors who chose the good of the country over the good of a political party.  