President, I am pleased my colleague from Maine, Senator Snowe, and my colleague from Washington State, Senator Cantwell, have agreed to cosponsor this amendment. They both have been leaders of privacy issues. I appreciate their support.  Here is what the amendment does: It addresses court discretion in several ways. It allows the court for cause to protect personal identifiers, including the debtor's or other person's name,Social Security account number, date of birth, driver's license number, passport number, employee or tax identification number, and unique biometric data. The personal identifiers protected under this provision are the same ones defined as ``means of identification'' under the Identity Theft Deterrence Act of 1998. This definition is codified in Section 1028(d) of Title 18 of the criminal code.  The amendment also allows the court, for cause, to seal or redact ``information that could cause undue annoyance, embarrassment, oppression or risk of injury to person or property.'' This standard is drawn from the current civil procedure discovery rules. This change would allow the court to protect information, such as the home or employment address of a debtor because of a personal security risk. Unfortunately, many times that risk is from a former spouse or a stalker. It would also allow the court to protect other information normally considered private, such as medical information.  The amendment would provide persons the opportunity to request protection of sensitive information not only after it is filed with the court, but prior to filing as well. This protection is particularly important in an electronic filing environment, where information once filed is immediately available to the public.  In addition to enhancing court discretion, the amendment also protects Social Security numbers. Currently, the bankruptcy code requires debtors to include their tax payer identification numbers (which for individuals is almost uniformly his or her social security number) on any notice the debtor gives to creditors. Because these notices are also filed with the court, the court's files routinely include unredacted social security numbers, creating the potential for abuse by those accessing public court records.  This amendment would simply allow debtors to limit disclosure to only a part of his or her social security number in notices filed with the court. Specifically the notice to the court would include only the last four digits.  This amendment still protects creditors where necessary, and specifies that creditors who are on the schedule of assets and liabilities should receive the full tax payer identification number in the notices sent specifically to the creditor. What it means is somebody cannot get on line, get all this information, sell it, or do whatever they want to.  The idea of truncation isn't new. Just last year, we passed the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, and the Act required truncation of credit card and debit card numbers on receipts given to cardholders. Under that law, only the last 5 digits of credit card and debit card numbers can be printed. Requiring truncation for social security numbers is similarly reasonable. It provides protection against abuse, but still allows for important information sharing to take place.  I yield the floor.  