That was almost 2 years ago and still Mr. Griffith has not taken the bar exam, has not made arrangements to take the bar and, according to his testimony in answer to my questions last month, has no intention of taking the bar and becoming a member of the Utah bar despite having practiced law there for 5 years.  In an interpretation worthy of the Queen of Hearts from Alice in Wonderland, Mr. Griffith and his supporters have defied logic and reason by turning Ms. Fox's letter upside down in an attempt to characterize it as something other than it is and to condone his conduct. If he will make this self-serving interpretation in this case, what makes anyone think that he will not be the same sort of ends-oriented judge that will twist facts and law in cases he rules on from the federal bench? Ms. Fox's recommendation that he ``closely associate'' himself with a Utah lawyer until he takes the bar and becomes a member of the bar was not offered as an indefinite safe harbor that permits him to violate Utah law. Ms. Fox's letter is being misused and mis-char-acterized as an invitation to flout the law. This is the kind of reinterpretation in one's own interest that characterizes judicial activism of the worst sort when employed by a judge.  Although he can point to no time before having read Ms. Fox's letter where he used the phrase ``closely associate,'' and can show us no evidence that he arranged his work at BYU in accordance with this advice, Mr. Griffith has in hindsight tried to assert that he somehow always knew he needed to ``closely associate'' with Utah lawyers. Indeed, he variously responded to the committee that in his view he ``closely associated'' if he first gave legal advice to a University official in a private meeting and then sometime later told a member of his staff who was admitted to the Utah bar about it.  He points to former bar president John Adams' letter of June, 2004, and to Utah bar executive director John Baldwin's letter of July, 2004 as support for his position, but these letters do not bolster his case. First of all, each is written long after Mr. Griffith's inquiry of the bar, and long after Katherine Fox told him to take the bar, but conveniently provided by his friends and supporters in the summer of 2004 as the investigation into his bar membership was beginning. In any case, neither of the letters says anything to undermine Ms. Fox's letter. Indeed, the support letters only speak in the vaguest, most noncommittal terms. Mr. Adams says that Ms. Fox's letter ``accurately answered your questions, and. . . recommended a course of action to follow in your work so long as you were not licensed in the State of Utah.''  Mr. Baldwin's letter is even stronger, telling Mr. Griffith: ``[T]hose who engage in the practice of law in Utah must be licensed by the Utah Supreme Court through the Utah State bar. There is no general counsel exception rule.'' Likewise, the letter Mr. Griffith produced from five former presidents of the Utah bar is of no effect. Aside from their obvious interest in supporting Senator Hatch's candidate who President Bush nominated and who is affiliated with one of the State's most powerful and influential institutions, their letter does not say much. They reiterate that there is no general counsel exception to the Utah bar membership rules, and say only that if a lawyer is not practicing Utah law he may closely associate himself with a Utah lawyer to do those parts of the job. They make no judgment about the sort of work Mr. Griffith is doing, or even whether, in their words, he ``lived up to this standard'' or whether his vague implementation of how he ``closely associated'' was ever explained to them, let alone whether they would have viewed it as passing muster.  The other person we know of who looked at this question for Mr. Griffith was a second-year law student he asked to research the Utah laws and practice on bar admissions regarding in-house counsel in January 2004. By that time, Mr. Griffith had already been practicing law in Utah for 4 years. One can suspect he made this request at that time because his subsequent nomination was then under consideration at the White House. According to Mr. Griffith, who now seeks to claim attorney-client privilege and refuses to provide the committee and the Senate with the materials, she did not definitively complete her research: ``She recommended, therefore, that the safest course for a Utah corporation would be to ask its in-house lawyers to join the Utah bar.'' When we asked for the memorandum written by this law student, we were stonewalled by Griffith and BYU, which claimed privilege for this document. It is not clear to me why the university would be able to claim privilege for a document prepared in response to Mr. Griffith's personal problems with bar membership, or why once he himself revealed its contents we are not now entitled to see it. Nonetheless, we have not been able to see it.  But, whatever the status of the specific memo, it comes down to this: A second-year law student in a truncated research assignment had enough sense to recommend that in-house counsel join the Utah bar. If she had known that such in-house counsel admits to practicing law in Utah, I suspect her advice would have been even more definitive. Of course, that is the prudent course and the one consistent with Utah law. After 5 years, Mr. Griffith has refused to take the normal steps taken by scores of others every year in Utah and thousands of lawyers around the country and take the State's bar exam in order to gain admission to the State bar.  Mr. Griffith has offered nothing in the way of legal authority or analysis that might begin to refute the common-sense conclusion one must reach after an examination of the law. Mr. Griffith has been practicing law in Utah without a Utah license. His excuses to the contrary are insufficient and wrong. He admits that he is practicing law in Utah. He does not have a Utah license to do so. After 5 years, he would appear to be in violation of Utah Code Section 78-9-101, and Rule 5.5 of the Utah Rules of Professional Conduct. There is no ``general counsel'' or ``in-house counsel'' exception on which he can rely to justify his practice of law in Utah since 2000 without having become a member of the Utah bar.  In addition to that threshold matter of practicing law without being a member of the Utah bar, there are other reasons for serious concern about Mr. Griffith's fitness to be a member of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. I have already alluded to his creative, ``activist'' reading of the facts in law in connection with his bar admission problems. In addition, he has spoken in Federalist Society circles of his judgment that President Clinton was properly impeached and that he would have voted for his conviction and removal from office. Given his role as Senate Legal Counsel at the time, these public musings are unseemly and unsound. Rather than campaigning for this nomination, Mr. Griffith would have better spent his time preparing for and taking the Utah bar exam.  His judgment is likewise brought into serious question by his views on title IX of our civil rights laws. This charter of fundamental fairness has been the engine for overcoming discrimination against women in education and the growth of women's athletics. I urge all Senators to think about our daughters and granddaughters, the pride we felt when the U.S. women's soccer team began winning gold medals and World Cups, the joy they see in young women with the opportunity to play basketball and ski and compete and grow.  With the recent reinterpretation of title IX being imposed by this administration in ways that will no doubt be challenged through the courts, we may now understand why the Bush administration sees the appointment of Mr. Griffith to the D.C. Circuit Court as such a priority. His narrow views on title IX were unveiled during his efforts as a member of the Bush administration Secretary of Education's Commission on Opportunity in Athletics, to constrict the impact of title IX. Does anyone doubt that he would rule that the Bush administration's revision through regulations should be upheld?  The U.S. Supreme Court recently decided that whistleblowers are protected in the title IX context. That was a close 5-4 decision in which Justice O'Connor wrote for the majority. Just the other day the Justices refused to hear a challenge to an appellate court decision that essentially found that title IX could not be blamed for cutbacks in men's athletic programs. These recent legal developments regarding title IX serve to remind us how important each of these lifetime appointments to the Federal courts is. In light of the record on this nomination, I am not prepared to take a chance on it and will vote against it.  It is my understanding we are voting at 10.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Vitter). The Senator is correct.  