President, these confirmations will be the 207th and 208th of 218 nominees brought before the full Senate for a vote to be confirmed. The Senate will have confirmed four more lifetime appointments to the Federal courts this year. With the year being almost one-third concluded, the Republican majority is gaining on the pace it set in 1999 when Senate Republicans allowed President Clinton to appoint only 17 district court judges and not a single nominee to the circuit courts that entire session.  These 208 judicial confirmations mean that even with the slow start this year because the President has refused to nominate consensus nominees, or anyone for 29 judicial vacancies, we are currently within 37 confirmations of the 6-year total achieved under the Senate Republican majority during the Clinton administration. That means if the Senate confirms another dozen judges this year and 30 next year, we will have equaled the total of which Senate Republicans were so proud during the Clinton years. The year I chaired the Judiciary Committee, the Senate confirmed 72 of President Bush's nominees. If the President and Senate Republicans would work with us rather than foment conflict and confrontation, we could easily surpass their record.  Of the 45 judicial vacancies that will remain after these confirmations, President Bush has not even sent nominees for 29 of those vacancies. I have been encouraging the Bush administration to work with Senators to identify qualified and consensus judicial nominees. The Democratic leader and I sent the President a letter in this regard on April 5, but we have received no response. Indeed, to date the President has only sent the Senate one new judicial nominee all year.  Despite the efforts of the Senate Republicans to create a crisis, the truth is that in President Bush's first term, the 204 judges confirmed were more than were confirmed in either of President Clinton two terms, more than during the term of this President's father,and more than in Ronald Reagan's first term when he was being assisted by a Republican majority in the Senate. By last December, we had reduced judicial vacancies from the 110 vacancies I inherited in the summer of 2001 to the lowest level, lowest rate and lowest number in decades, since Ronald Reagan was in office.  The two district court nominees being confirmed today, Robert Conrad and James Dever, are nominees who have raised concerns. When they were first nominated their home-State Senator had serious questions about them. A home-State Senator's views on a Federal court nominee has a long history of importance in the Senate. The Constitution says we should give the President advice on judicial appointments, and the views of home-State Senators have been very important. Candidly, I wish the White House had heeded Senator Edwards' advice and reconsidered these nominations.  After reading some of Mr. Conrad's more inflammatory writings, I do not wonder at Senator Edwards' objections. In particular, I am concerned about what some of the things he has written say about his ability to be a fair judge, and to give all who come before him a fair hearing. Listen to what he wrote about Sister Helen Prejean, one of the bravest and most caring people I have ever met. He calls her book, ``Dead Man Walking,'' ``liberal drivel,'' and shows nothing but contempt for her compassionate work with condemned prisoners. The rhetoric he uses is heated, and his bias for the death penalty is clear. Will any defendant in a capital case who comes before a Judge Conrad feel that they will get a fair hearing from him? Will he feel that a Judge Conrad can put aside personal prejudices and preconceptions? I hope so.  Another example is the not-too-subtly titled article, ``Planned Parenthood, A Radical, Pro-Abortion Fringe Group.'' Mr. Conrad's view of the well-respected family planning organization is that it is a ``most radical legal advocate of unfettered abortion on demand,'' and argues they do nothing to reduce teen pregnancy. The Planned Parenthood organization that I know, both in Vermont and nationally, works hard to reduce crisis pregnancies and to preserve families' rights to plan their own futures. His statements make me wonder whether any person going before a Judge Conrad in a case involving reproductive rights, or indeed any issue related to personal privacy, will feel their arguments have been fairly heard. Will he be able to follow the law as written? Again, for the sake of future litigants and the independence of our judiciary, I hope so.  I have similar concerns about Judge Dever. I see why Senator Edwards wanted better consultation on these district court nominees. Judge Dever's only two Supreme Court briefs argued against State legislative redistricting action designed to comply with the Voting Rights Act of 1965. When I asked Judge Dever to give me some assurance that he would be impartial when called upon to hear a redistricting case, he could only state that he believed he would be fair.  Much of Judge Dever's experience is in the area of representing Republican clients. While employed at a law firm, he provided legal services to several Republican campaigns and has been listed on the Republican National Lawyers Association webpage as an affiliated lawyer. I would like to believe that Judge Dever was nominated based on his own merits, and that his personal relationships will not affect his ability to rule impartially if he is confirmed. I have concerns.  I take seriously the views and support of the current North Carolina Senators. I hope that their support of these nominees is justified and that these nominees will serve in accordance with their oath to treat all who come before them fairly.  Today, again, Senate Democrats are demonstrating their willingness to work with the President and Senate Republicans.  I regret that in spite of all of our actions, the Republican majority seems intent on forcing a confrontation and breaking the Senate Rules in order to change them. The majority leader has apparently cast his lot with those who would alter the role of the Senate as a check and a balance on the choices of a powerful President. The Federal judiciary should not become an extension of the executive or a wholly-owned subsidiary of his political party.  Today, Republicans are threatening to take away one of the few remaining checks on the power of the executive branch by their use of what has become knows as the nuclear option. This assault on our tradition of checks and balances and on the protection of minority rights in the Senate and in our democracy should be abandoned. Eliminating the filibuster by the nuclear option would destroy the Constitution's design of the Senate as an effective check on the Executive. The elimination of the filibuster would reduce any incentive for a President to consult with home-state Senators or seek the advice of the Senate on lifetime appointments to the Federal judiciary. It is a leap not only toward one-party rule but to an unchecked executive.  Rather than blowing up the Senate, let us honor the constitutional design of our system of checks and balances and work together to fill judicial vacancies with consensus nominees. The nuclear option is unnecessary. What is needed is a return to consultation and for the White House to recognize and respect the role of the Senate appointments process.  The American people have begun to see this threatened partisan power grab for what it is and to realize that the threat and the potential harm are aimed at our democracy, at an independent and strong Federal judiciary and, ultimately, at their rights and freedoms. As we proceed to confirm two more lifetime appointments to the Federal courts, I urge Senate Republicans to reconsider and not to head down the destructive path represented by the nuclear option.  