President, before I start, with the distinguished senior Senator from Pennsylvania in the Chamber, I totally appreciate what he said about the problems of being the leader on a committee and having to make the decisions of how you are going to get a bill through.  I was chairman of the committee when we put through the first PATRIOT Act. I remember the balancing act we went through at that time and how difficult it was to get a bill through. And that PATRIOT Act is this PATRIOT Act. It contains a number of items that I wrote.  I also note that throughout, the chairman and I have kept in very close contact. We have spoken several times. I have considered during my 31 years in the Senate that one of the things which has given me the greatest sense of satisfaction is the relationship the distinguished chairman and I have in getting things through, and we have. I am concerned because we have come so close on this.  As Senator Salazar noted, yesterday was the anniversary of the adoption of the Bill of Rights of the Constitution.  Yesterday we engaged in debate seeking to protect and reserve those rights under the USA PATRIOT Act. I thank Senators Sununu, Feinstein, Craig, Wyden, Feingold, Salazar, and Obama for their thoughtful remarks, their willingness to work in a bipartisan way which, after all, is the best tradition of the Senate.  Let all Members understand, this is a vital debate. The terrorist threat to America's security is very real. It is vital we arm the Government with the tools needed to protect American society and security.  At the same time, the threat to civil liberties is also very real in America today. I do read the papers. Today's New York Times reports that over the past 3 years, under a secret order signed by President Bush, the Government has been monitoring international telephone calls and international e-mail messages of people inside the United States--with no court approval, no checks and balances, one person's signature and that is it. This warrantless eavesdropping program is not authorized by the PATRIOT Act, it is not authorized by any act of Congress, and it is not overseen by any court.  According to the report, it is being conducted under a secret Presidential order based on secret legal opinions by the same Justice Department lawyers, the same ones who argued secretly that the President could order the use of torture.  It is time to have some checks and balances in this country. We are a democracy. Let's have checks and balances, not secret orders and secret courts and secret torture.  The debate is not about whether the Government should have the tools it needs to protect the American people. Of course it should. That is why, as I say, I coauthored the PATRIOT Act 4 years ago. That is why the act passed with such broad bipartisan support. When I voted for that PATRIOT Act, I did not think it was an ideal piece of legislation. I knew it would need careful oversight, but I was in favor of most of the PATRIOT Act. I am in favor of most of the PATRIOT Act now. That is why I voted for the bipartisan Senate bill in July. The distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee got it through our committee unanimously, with Senators from the right to the left voting for it.  This debate is not whether it should suddenly expire. Of course it should not. That is why Senators from both parties have offered a bill to extend it in its present form for 3 months in order to give us time to either return to the bipartisan compromise we reached, pass the Senate bill, or reach a new bipartisan compromise.  Our goal is to mend the PATRIOT Act, not to end it. None of us want it to expire. Those who threaten to let it expire rather than fix it are playing a dangerous game. This is a debate about reconciling two shared and fundamental goals--assuring the safety of the American people and protecting their liberty by a system of checks and balances that keeps the Government, their Government, our Government, accountable.  America can do better. And we should. Those goals are not the goals of any particular party or ideology. They are shared American goals.  How to balance security with liberty and Government accountability was the most fundamental dilemma with which the Framers of our Constitution wrestled. How to adjust that balance with the post-September 11 world is the most fundamental dilemma before this Congress.  No one should doubt those who vote for cloture on the conference report care deeply about the liberty of the American people. We all do. No one should doubt that those who vote against cloture are devoted to protecting both the security and liberty of the American people. We all care deeply.  However, let us have a Government of checks and balances. In the long run, we are more secure. Our liberties are more secure. Frankly, we are more American in doing that.  