President, last May, the Judiciary Committee heard the courageous testimony of Judge Joan Lefkow of Chicago. She is the Federal judge whose mother and husband were murdered in their home. The tragedy that befell Judge Lefkow and her family is a terrible reminder not only of the vulnerable position of our judges and their families, but of the critical importance of protecting judges where they work and where they and their families live. We cannot tolerate and no one should excuse or justify--violence or the threat of violence against our judges. I was appalled earlier this year when right-wing activists compared judges to terrorists and the KKK and threatened them with punishment for decisions they did not like, even quoting Joseph Stalin's violent answer to anyone who opposed his totalitarianism by urging the formula of ``No man, No problem.'' Stalin killed those with whom he disagreed. This rhetoric can only foster unacceptable violence against Judges and it must stop, for the sake of our Judges and the independence of the judiciary. We ought to be protecting judges physically and institutionally rather than taking rhetorical pot shots that put judges in real danger and that attack the very independence of our federal judiciary.  When I chaired the Judiciary Committee in 2001, one of the first things I did was push for passage of the Judicial Protection Act, which toughened criminal penalties for assaults against judges and their families. We enacted it. We were right to do so. Protecting our judges and Federal law enforcement officers should be a top priority for us.  Today, in order to meet the continuing challenges of keeping our judges, our Courts, and the rest of the Federal judiciary safe, Chairman Specter and I are introducing the Court Security Improvement Act of 2005 (``CSIA''). CSIA responds to requests by the judiciary for a greater voice in working with the United States Marshals Service to determine their security needs. It strengthens and expands protections for judges and their families against the misuse of their personal information by those who intend to threaten them. It enacts new criminal penalties for the mis-use of restricted personal information to seriously harm or threaten to seriously harm judges, their families or other individuals performing official duties. It also enacts criminal penalties for threatening judges and federal law enforcement officials by the malicious filing of false liens, provides increased protections for witnesses, and makes available new resources for state courts to improve security for state and local court systems.  I appreciate the work of Chairman Specter on this important bill and, in particular, for including an extension of life insurance benefits to bankruptcy, magistrate and territorial judges, as well as health insurance for surviving spouses and families of federal judges.  We must better protect the dedicated women and men throughout the Judiciary in this country who do a tremendous job under challenging circumstances. They are hard-working public servants who are too often maligned and unfairly disparaged. We owe it to them and to our democracy to find ways to make sure that tragedies like those that befell Judge Lefkow are not repeated, and to ensure that Judges and their families have the peace of mind necessary to do their vital and difficult jobs.  