I will use part of it.  I am voting for the supplemental, but I have grave misgivings about the President's policy in Iraq, the enormous strain it is putting on our Armed Forces, the horrific toll of the insurgency on innocent Iraqis, but especially the lack of a credible exit strategy.  We tried to get legislative language considered that would link the training and equipping of Iraqi security forces to the phased withdrawal of our troops. That made sense. As we train them and they are able to take over responsibility for security, we should withdraw our troops. The White House would not even consider this. I suspect had the White House asked our troops in the field or the American people, they would say that is what they want. It is also what most Iraqis want.  I am voting for the supplemental because I am concerned about our troops, many who were sent to fight and some of whom have died--as we understand from the press, even though we could not get this from the administration--without the proper armor. I opposed their deployment to Iraq, and I want to see them return home as quickly as possible, but in the meantime, I want them to have the best protection and equipment. They were sent into harm's way by the order of the Commander in Chief, and they should be protected as well as they can be.  There are other reasons I am voting for the supplemental, but I want to mention one in particular. There is a provision which I sponsored and Senators Boxer and Feinstein of California cosponsored which designates the program to assist innocent Iraqi victims of the military operations as the Marla Ruzicka Iraqi War Victims Fund.  This program, and one like it in Afghanistan, was inspired by Marla Ruzicka of Lakeport, CA. She died on April 16, 2005, at the age of only 28, from a car bomb in Baghdad. Marla's colleague and friend, Faiz Ali Salem, also died in that attack, both were on a mission of mercy.  I first met Marla 3 years ago. She worked closely with me and my staff, especially Tim Rieser of my Appropriations Committee staff, from the day after she arrived in Washington in 2002 until the day she died. In fact, Tim received e-mails and photographs of her holding a child she had helped that came in just hours before she was killed.  She was an extraordinarily courageous, determined young woman. She brought hope and cheer to everyone she met, from our military to people who were suffering from the ravages of the war. But she did it especially for the families of Afghan and Iraqi civilians who were killed or wounded as a result of the military operations. She felt passionately that part of being an American is to acknowledge those who have suffered and help their families piece their lives back together.  Who would not agree with that? By showing them a compassionate face of America, she not only gave them hope, she helped overcome some of the anger and resentment many felt toward our great country.  Over 90 percent of the casualties of World War I were soldiers. That changed in World War II. And since then, it is overwhelmingly civilians who suffer the casualties.  Rosters are kept of the fallen soldiers, as they should be, but no official record is kept or made public of the civilians who died. That is wrong. It denies those victims the dignity of being counted, the respect of being honored, and it also prevents their families from receiving the help they need.  In her young life, Marla forced us to face the consequences of our actions in ways that few others have. Even more importantly, she made us do something about it. She brought both parties in this Chamber together to help. What she did in Afghanistan and Iraq by the time she was 28, the end of her short life, was an achievement of a lifetime, far more than most people do in a much longer life.  This Saturday, from 2 to 4 in the afternoon, I am going to host a gathering in the Senate caucus room in the Russell Building so that anyone who is interested can learn more about Marla's work and the U.S. Government programs she inspired. I hope we can discuss ways for all of us to continue the campaign on behalf of innocent victims of conflict.  I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting naming this program after her. I want the work she started to continue. I doubt that we will see another person quite so remarkable as Marla, but I have to think there are a lot of other Americans who would want help if we give them the support they need.  I see the distinguished Senator from Connecticut in the Chamber. I reserve the remainder of my time and yield the floor to him.  