President, I rise today to congratulate and bid farewell to my friend and colleague, Jon Corzine.  Our world has changed quite drastically since Jon first joined the Senate. It has been an honor to work with him on the many issues we were forced to confront following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. We will miss Jon's leadership and determination on behalf of his constituents in New Jersey and the American people.  While Jon has served in the Senate for a relatively short period of time, he leaves an important legacy of leadership on issues ranging from protecting our homeland to crafting legislation that stabilized our financial markets.  Rarely in this body does one Senator see the enactment one of their first bills introduced as a freshman Member. But Jon did just that when he called for mandatory Federal standards to protect our Nation's chemical plants and saw that become law.  When the entire corporate and financial community was rocked by pervasive accounting scandals, Jon was instrumental in crafting extraordinary changes to accounting oversight that stabilized confidence in our markets when they were teetering. He recognized that Americans were at risk, and he worked tirelessly on their behalf, a legacy that will last well past his last day here in the Capitol.  Jon also brought to the Senate an appreciation of open and accountable Government. He saw security and accountability as going hand in hand, a way for citizens to know what their chosen representatives are doing to ensure the health and safety of their own neighborhoods and communities. He recognized the need to balance the ever-changing need for security with the everlasting principles of openness that make our democracy the strongest in the world. I was pleased to work with him to protect the Freedom of Information Act which the current administration has sought to weaken at every turn of the road.  As further testament to Jon's leadership and determination, he will certainly be remembered for his work to secure an end to the terrible genocide that the world has witnessed in western Sudan. As the ranking member of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, I can personally attest that Jon repeatedly brought the reality of this terrible tragedy to the attention of all of us. He knew that the solution would not be Democratic or Republican. Instead, he reached across the aisle, demanded a call for action, and spoke eloquently for those without a voice.  I will miss my friend Jon Corzine here in the Senate. I have enjoyed the time we shared working together in this body. Marcelle and I wish him all the best as he moves on to the new and exciting challenges that await him in Trenton. His service to the American people in the United States Senate has been selfless. His departure is a loss for the United States Senate but a great gain for the citizens of New Jersey.  