President, I thank the distinguished chairman of the committee, the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, for his opening statement. I know he has worked hard on this matter.  The Senator from Pennsylvania, the Senator from Vermont, and the distinguished President pro tempore have noted that it is spitting snow outside. Unfortunately, some think this is a time for panic. They should go to Alaska. They should go to Vermont. They should go over to the mountains of Pennsylvania.  I say to the President pro tempore, you heard me mention not so long ago that I was back home in Vermont. I was listening to the news, and almost as an afterthought they said: By the way, we should have a dusting of snow tonight; No more than 3 to 5 inches. Down here, of course, everything comes to a screeching halt.  Why I bring this up I have no idea, except that when watching TV crews going out begging to get one shot of a snowflake, I say: Go to Alaska. Go to Vermont. We will show them what real weather is.  Today, we are beginning debate on the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005--a big title for S. 256. But it is an important debate. It is the first time in 4 years the Senate has debated bankruptcy reform legislation. I hope it is going to be a fair and informed and beneficial debate that will improve this bipartisan bill and help us enact bankruptcy reform into law.  Both the chairman and I have worked very hard with Senators on our sides of the aisle. We have tried to move this legislation forward. But we know that bankruptcy is a complex area of law. It has many competing public policy interests between debtors and creditors and even among competing creditors.  The very complex and competing interests involved in achieving fair reforms of our bankruptcy system demand that we work in a bipartisan manner throughout the legislative process.  I mentioned that 4 years ago we debated this issue. I mentioned that because today our Nation has an entirely different face than it did then. We have endured the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. We have immersed ourselves in wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. We have witnessed a parade of financial misdeeds--more than misdeeds, financial thefts and skulduggery by major U.S. corporations. We have even watched as pension programs, and the promises of the pension programs, were shortchanged by nearly $100 billion. All these factors have only deepened the financial woes of an already struggling economy. So when we debate this issue today we are discussing real life today, not what it was in 2001.  I think for this legislation to be appropriate and fair, the key provisions have to be carefully examined. If necessary, they have to be modernized, they have to be amended.  Earlier this month, our committee held a bipartisan hearing on bankruptcy reform legislation. As I said, that was our first hearing in 4 years. It was an informed discussion. A week later, the Judiciary Committee held its first markup on bankruptcy legislation in 4 years. During that meeting, we considered 11 amendments, 5 of which were accepted.  They improved the bill. In fact, they were accepted unanimously. I am particularly pleased the committee accepted the Leahy-Grassley amendment that clarifies that any judgment, order, or settlement agreement for violation of securities fraud law after the filing of a bankruptcy case is nondischargeable. In other words, if you want to defraud somebody in securities, if you want to pull some of these big fraud actions we have seen in the past few years, you are not going to escape the consequences by bankruptcy.  During consideration of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Senator Grassley and I worked together to amend the Bankruptcy Code to make judgments and settlements based on security law violations nondischargeable. We wanted to protect the victims' ability to recoup their losses and hold wrongdoers accountable for their actions. This change in the law was based on a Judiciary Committee amendment that Senator Grassley and I introduced to my corporate fraud legislation, S. 2010, the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act that was unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee. It was later adopted as a floor amendment by a vote of 99 to nothing in 2002.  Recently a bankruptcy court wrongly interpreted the new law by finding that a securities fraud judgment, order, or settlement must be in existence at the time the bankruptcy petition is filed to be nondischargeable. That was never intended. This court precedent could result in future courts discharging securities frauds judgments, orders, or settlements that are entered into after a debtor files for bankruptcy.  To give you an idea of what a get-out-of-jail-free card this is, an Enron executive could avoid paying his securities fraud judgment by filing for bankruptcy where the securities fraud litigation is pending. That would be wrong. Neither Republicans nor Democrats who supported that amendment want that to happen. So the Leahy-Grassley amendment, which was accepted by all Members, Republicans and Democrats, in the committee during committee consideration, would remedy that injustice and makes it clear that Congress intended for all securities fraud judgments, orders, or settlements to be nondischargeable.  Another area we have to consider is the economic hardships faced by service members' families. When you get a call to serve your country in Iraq or Afghanistan or elsewhere--and now it is a disproportionate number of guardsmen and reservists who are called up; I watch this as the cochair of the National Guard caucus of the Senate--it can cause loss of family income, the close of a family business, a whole lot of other unexpected expenses. Unfortunately, it is not uncommon for service members and their families to be forced into filing for bankruptcy relief. We have to protect those who are fighting for us. I know Senators Durbin and Nelson have taken an interest in this issue. I look forward to hearing their thoughts on how we can help the situations faced by service members serving our Nation and their families.  I spoke of the financial misdeeds of U.S. corporations. When you talk about Enron and WorldCom, others, it leaves a very bitter taste in the mouths of average Americans. If an average American were to steal $500 or $1,000, they might go to jail. Apparently, if you steel $100 million, $200 million, or $500 million, you are a hero. When it is done, there are no heroes, not to any of us. They have damaged investor confidence. They have shaken our capital markets. Senators Sarbanes, Kennedy, Durbin, Harkin, and Cantwell have prepared amendments to address the ongoing problems caused by corporate abuse.  We must strengthen the financial safety net for hard-working American families who confront illness or injury. Medical problems contribute to about half of all bankruptcies, even though most of those who file had health insurance when they became sick. Many lose their jobs and their insurance because they got sick. Others face thousands of dollars in copayments and deductibles for services not covered by their insurance. Senators Kennedy, Durbin, Clinton, and Corzine will be leading the debate on this issue.  Since we last considered bankruptcy reform legislation, financially troubled companies have shortchanged their pension promises by nearly $100 billion, putting workers approaching retirement age or responsible companies and actually taxpayers at risk. We will hear from Senators Harkin, Rockefeller, and Dayton during debate over this issue.  I know that Senators Grassley, Durbin, Dodd, Feinstein, and others share a commitment to include credit industry reform in a balanced bankruptcy bill. The millions of credit card solicitations made to American consumers in the past year have contributed to the rise in consumer debt and bankruptcy. It is relatively easy to obtain credit. We have heard the stories of a neighbor's dog getting a $3,000 preapproved credit card. Kids go to college and are inundated with preapproved credit cards. So it is relatively easy to obtain them. Not nearly enough is done to ensure that credit is properly managed. Currently, credit card statements fail to include all of the information necessary to allow individuals to make fully informed financial decisions. Additional disclosure is needed to ensure that individuals completely understand the implications of their credit card use.  Senator Akaka intends to offer the credit card minimum payment warning act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor with him. It will provide a wake-up call for consumers by making it very clear what costs they are going to incur if they make only the minimum payments on their credit cards. The personalized information they will receive for each of their accounts will help consumers make informed choices about their debts. In an era of computers, this is not a real burden on the companies.  Senator Feingold, a longtime protector of working middle and lower income families who rely on the ability to resolve overwhelming financial burdens through bankruptcy, is going to offer several amendments to improve this bill. Senator Feingold and I have worked together on bankruptcy reform issues for a long time. I know his expertise and the measures he means to propose will enhance this legislation.  We have to be careful that our efforts to ensure accountability in the bankruptcy process do not inadvertently create problems for privacy and security. We are in an age where personal information--far too much personal information--can be easily digitized and shared. If it falls into the wrong hands, it is abused. Identity theft is one danger, as is tracking and harassing a battered spouse. We can look for accountability, but we have to find ways to minimize the possibilities of abuse.  Four years ago, the committee adopted the Leahy-Hatch amendment to protect the personal privacy of consumers whose information is held by firms in bankruptcy as part of bankruptcy reform legislation. I am pleased this bill retains this proprivacy provision.  Our bipartisan provision permits bankruptcy courts to honor the privacy policies of business debtors. It creates a consumer privacy ombudsman to protect personal privacy in bankruptcy proceedings. I appreciate Senator Hatch's efforts to add important consumer privacy protections to the code.  Unfortunately, the Leahy-Hatch amendment is needed because the customer lists and databases of failed firms now can be put up for sale in bankruptcy without any privacy considerations, even in violation of the failed firm's own public privacy policy against sale of personal customer information to third parties.  Let me just tell you what happened in this case, and it is not untypical. We had an online toy store called Toysmart.com. Toysmart.com wanted to encourage parents to allow their children to go online and, in doing so, they promised on their Web site that personal information voluntarily submitted by visitors to the site--such as name, address, billing information, childhood preferences--would never be shared with a third party. If you are a parent, you would look at that and say: I feel a little bit better about this. I don't want my son or daughter's names out there.  Guess what happened. They filed for bankruptcy in 2000. Even though they had made this promise to parents and children, the personal customer information was put on the auction block. In a way, the bankruptcy court had a catch-22. I suspect the judge realized that this was violating everything every parent thought of, but under the law at that time, there was only one real asset. It was this mailing list. It wasn't the old desks or loading docks or the warehouse. Those were empty. It wasn't the computers. Those would be out of date every few months. The one item of any value was the mailing list. The mailing list that parents had been promised would never go out, the children's names would never be sold, that had to go into bankruptcy. That is why we have the Leahy-Hatch amendment.  The Leahy-Hatch provision included in this legislation adds privacy protections and a consumer privacy ombudsman to the bankruptcy code. We wanted to prevent future cases like Toysmart.com. Once somebody tells you we are going to keep your kids, information confidential, it will be.  We have seen in the news recently the ChoicePoint Inc. breach. It is just the latest example of why we need to take special care with databases containing America's personal information. It is astounding that a company in the business of providing data for background checks and law enforcement purposes failed to assess the legitimacy of its own customers. It soldpersonal data on 145,000 individuals to scam artists. Many of the victims had no idea that ChoicePoint existed, let alone that the company compiled data. How irresponsible, how wrong. How can the people who run ChoicePoint sleep at night? This is one of the most outrageous things we have heard. How can they possibly hold themselves up as a company? We now find that as this was going on, some of them were making millions of dollars in stock options. This is outrageous. I would hope that the Department of Justice and others are looking at this. How can anybody be this negligent? How can anybody be this criminal? They make millions of dollars, the people running it. Somebody who has a mom and pop somewhere can find, because they were so negligent, because they opened the doors and let the scam artists come in, they may lose their business. Somebody who has a child in college may not be able to pay the tuition. Somebody who is trying to make the rent or the mortgage, living paycheck to paycheck, may not be able to.  Apparently, according to the press this past week, their executives will make millions of dollars on stock while their customers are being clobbered. What shame. And we haven't heard a single one of them step forward and say how ashamed they are by this outrageous action.  It has become all too familiar. In recent years, headlines have recounted how personal information has been compromised and database breaches of government contractors, at banks, at universities, even a blood bank. One hospital on the west coast sends things to be translated in Pakistan. All these secret medical records that you think are so private, they sent it over to Pakistan, and the person in Pakistan said: I want more money.  If you don't give me more money--because I am in Pakistan, and you cannot touch me here--I am going to put all of these people's medical records online. What were they thinking, the people who run this thing? They make a whole lot of money, but, boy, they are clobbering the people who go there. This puts America's most private information at risk not only for financial crimes but for stalking. You can find out who lives alone, who is vulnerable, who could be blackmailed, and find out who may be a victim for scam artists. The administration talks about fighting terrorism. This creates a potential avenue for a terrorist to masquerade as an innocent person.  I have called for a series of hearings on how we ensure data security, privacy and proper use in the information age. I am pleased that Chairman Specter has agreed to my request for hearings, and I look forward to these opportunities to consider these issues closely.  We need to take reasonable measures in the bankruptcy process to guide what information will be available publicly and to whom. Debtors are often required to submit documents containing highly personal information. Declaring bankruptcy is challenging enough for those who find themselves in that circumstance, we shouldn't make it worse by creating the possibility that they will be victimized later on. I am submitting an amendment to provide protections in handling personal data in those submissions. These changes reflect current Judicial Conference policy and were included in last term's Hatch-Leahy Federal Courts Improvement Act.  First, my amendment expands the court's discretion to protect information such as social security numbers and passport numbers. The bankruptcy courts are in a unique position to properly balance the need to share information with the need to protect privacy, and we should rely on their good judgment and discretion as much as possible. The amendment draws from the current civil procedure discovery rules to set a standard against which the court can apply its discretion. The amendment also allows individuals to request that the court protect sensitive information before it is placed in the public record. This protection is particularly important given our increasing reliance on electronic filing, where information is immediately available to the public.  Second, my amendment provides important protection for social security numbers. Originally promised to be narrow in purpose and use, social security numbers are now the universal identifier with the key to unlock access to bank accounts and other highly sensitive areas. We must treat these numbers commensurate with their power, and ensure that they are only accessed in appropriate situations by authorized users. My amendment would allow debtors to limit disclosure to only the last four digits of his or her social security number in the notices that are filed with the court. The amendment still protects creditors where necessary, and specifies that creditors who are on the schedule of assets and liabilities should receive the full tax payer identification number in the notices sent specifically to the creditor.  This idea of truncation isn't new. Just last year, we passed the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, and that Act required truncation of credit card and debit card numbers on receipts given to cardholders.  As I stand here on the Senate floor, I look at the Presiding Officer, my neighbor from New Hampshire, and I see waiting to speak the other distinguished Senator from New Hampshire. We come from an area where we believe in privacy. We live in a country where we are giving up more and more of our privacy all the time. We have to be careful. We are giving it up not just in corporate areas but in government. Both conservatives and liberals ought to join hands on how much information we are willing to give up on ourselves and allow to go into databanks. An example is what happened with Bank of America, which is one of the dumbest things I have ever seen. All of their records were lost. Good Lord, they send something off or ship it off by plane--not private, but they mail it to a location with backup files of all of their customers. I don't know. I suspect maybe their top executives fly by private jets. Maybe they don't understand that the three Senators on the floor right now fly commercially, and we know how often you get your bags lost or a suitcase lost. They just lost thousands upon thousands upon thousands of files on their customers. How would you like to be a Bank of America customer and wake up and find out they were so stupid and negligent that they lost all your information? They ought to be ashamed of themselves.  But I digress. I mentioned privacy. I have kept an article. It is the only thing I have ever framed that was written about me in one of our newspapers. To put this into context, you have to understand that we live on a dirt road in an old farmhouse. We have an adjoining farm family who kind of watches over the place when we are not there. The reporter in this article drives up on a Saturday with out-of-State license plates and asks the farmer sitting on the porch, ``Does Senator Leahy live up this road?''  The farmer said, ``Are you a relative of his?''  He said, ``No.''  ``Are you a friend of his?''  He answered, ``Not really.''  ``Is he expecting you?''  ``No.''  ``Never heard of him.''  That is the kind of privacy we like. These people in a cavalier way--like Bank of America and all--are giving information away. We are finding more and more that our own Government is being lax with the information they have. Of course, the information can often be wrong. The third most senior Member of the Senate has been stopped half a dozen times getting on an airplane when going home--something he has been doing for decades--because he is on a terrorist list. He is one of the most recognizable people in America, and he cannot get off this list. You have to kind of ask, how much are we willing to give up and what does it do for us? Bank of America didn't do much of anything. These are some of the reforms included in the bill. I hope we will all look at this carefully and work together closely.  Requiring truncation of social security numbers is similarly reasonable. It provides protection against abuse, but still allows for important information sharing to take place.  These are just some of the reforms that should be included in this bill. I hope that all Senators will give fair and thoughtful consideration to amendments proposed on either side of the aisle. When the Senate works productively and constructively, we canimprove legislation on a bipartisan basis. I have worked with Senator Grassley and others to make bipartisan improvements in the past and I hope that we can do that again on this bankruptcy reform legislation.  In particular, I urge my colleagues to give full consideration to an amendment Senator Schumer will offer to make sure debts incurred through violence and other illegal acts at health clinics may not be discharged in bankruptcy. Senator Schumer has been the leader on ending this bankruptcy abuse and I have always been proud to support his efforts. Any fair bankruptcy reform measure should end abusive bankruptcy filings used to avoid the legal consequences of violence, vandalism and obstruction to deny access to legal health services.  As we move forward with reforms that are appropriate to eliminate abuses in the system, we need to remember the people who use the system, both the debtor and the creditor. We need to balance the interests of creditors with those of the poor and middle class who need the opportunity to resolve overwhelming financial burdens.  These are important subjects that have a real impact on the lives of many people who have already suffered from illnesses or divorce or job loss. We should utilize the expertise of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that the Senate passes balanced legislation.  I look forward to continuing to work with Senator Grassley, Senator Specter and the rest of my colleagues to make more bipartisan improvements on the Senate floor to enact balanced bankruptcy reform legislation into law.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sununu). The Senator from New Hampshire is recognized.  