President, we have other Senators who wish to speak.There has been a lot that has gone on here tonight. I will speak further on this tomorrow. I thought on this occasion it would not be inappropriate to quote again from ``Profiles in Courage.''  At the end of that book, President Kennedy included a eulogy. Interestingly enough, it was a eulogy in 1866 upon the death of Senator Solomon Foot, a predecessor of mine from Vermont. The eulogy for Senator Foot of Vermont was delivered by Senator William Pitt Fessenden of Maine. Senator Fessenden, like Senator Foot, was a Republican--in fact, all Senators from Vermont, every single Senator from Vermont, with the exception of one, has been a Republican. But Senator Fessenden would soon thereafter vote against his party to acquit President Andrew Johnson of charges of impeachment.  Senator Fessenden was the first of seven courageous Republican Senators who voted his conscience before his country rather than party. Despite the pressures and whatever the consequences, he exercised his judgment as a Senator, consistent with his oath to do impartial justice.  Let me just read what he said after the death of Senator Foot of Vermont:       When, Mr. President, a man becomes a member of this body,      he cannot even dream of the ordeal to which he cannot fail to      be exposed;       of how much courage he must possess to resist the      temptations which daily beset him;       of that sensitive shrinking from undeserved censure which      he must learn to control;       of the ever-recurring contest between a natural desire for      public appropriation and a sense of public duty;       of the load of injustice he must be content to bear, even      from those who should be his friends;       the imputations of his motives;       the sneers and sarcasms of inmorance malice;     all the manifold injuries which partisan or private      malignity, disappointed of its objects, may shower upon his      unprotected head.       All this, Mr. President, if he retained his integrity, he      must learn to bear unmoved, and walk steadily onward in the      path of duty, sustained only by the reflection that time may      do him justice, or if not, that after all his individual      hopes and aspirations, and even his name among men, should be      of little account to him when weighed in the balance against      the welfare of a people of whose destiny he is a constituted      guardian and defender.  A number of our Senate colleagues today from both parties stood up to keep the Senate from making a terrible, an irreparable mistake--terrible and irreparable because, for the first time in over 200 years, the Senate would no longer have a check and balance. For the first time in over 200 years, the Senate would no longer be able to protect the rights of the minorities.  I applaud them for this. As I said, I will speak more tomorrow. I thank my distinguished colleague and dear friend from Iowa for letting me go ahead.  I yield the floor.  