President, what does this charitable religious group ask? Less funding for family planning efforts? No. More tax cuts for the wealthy? No. Tougher bankruptcy standards to help credit card companies? No. Class action relief for big corporations? No. Yet those have been the White House's and the Congress's priorities so far this year, and those are their priorities in this budget. But what this charitable religious group convincingly asks that we do is far different. They ask for the following: They ask Congress and the President to make a higher priority in the budget of federal programs that protect and support low-income families and other vulnerable people in our society. Oppose the inclusion of Medicaid cuts in Fiscal Year 2006 budget reconciliation. The budget resolution should not place arbitrary caps on discretionary spending. And if pay-as-you-go rules are included in budget reconciliation, they should be balanced.  Now, these sound like reasonable proposals that would help the neediest among us. Those sound like priorities that would benefit the 35 million people--including 12 million children--now living below the federal poverty line. These proposals truly sound compassionate.  Some claim that the cuts in this budget are steps toward fiscal responsibility. But anyone who looks closely at this budget will see that any semblance of fiscal responsibility is lost because this budget leaves out a number of Governmental costs in the outyears. It leaves out the costs of ongoing U.S. responsibilities in Iraq and Afghanistan. It leaves out the cost of any repair of the alternative minimum tax system. It leaves out the cost of extending the President's tax cuts. And most incredibly, it leaves out any of the expected $4.5 trillion in costs for the President's plan to privatize Social Security. With these costs factored in to the equation, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office predicts that by 2012, the United States deficit will reach $527 billion, making each family's share of the debt an astonishing $85,967.  I take very seriously this warning from the Government Accountability Office in their February 2005 report titled ``21st Century Challenges: Reexamining the Base of the Federal Government:''       Absent significant changes on the spending and/or revenue      sides of the budget, these long term deficits will encumber a      growing share of federal resources and test the capacity of      current and future generations to afford both today's and      tomorrow's commitments. Continuing on this unsustainable path      will gradually erode, if not suddenly damage, our economy,      our standard of living and ultimately our national security.  This budget will plunge the United States into red ink as far as the eye can see. We have an obligation to be honest about the true costs of our budget to the people who are paying for it. If we continue to follow this path of fiscal irresponsibility, we will be leaving our children and grandchildren with a debt that they cannot possibly begin to afford. We need to turn around the massive loss in total revenues that we have seen during the Bush years. We need to strengthen our current Social Security system so that less money is drained from the trust fund. And we need to realign our budget priorities with the real needs of the American people and discard these politically motivated budget cuts.  I may be seen in this town as a progressive Senator from Vermont, but I have a conservative message for my colleagues today. We cannot continue down this reckless path of financial irresponsibility that we have been led down for the past four years. We need to get our fiscal house in order. Foreign investors are growing weary of our record debt. Our sons and daughters in uniform--including those in our National Guard and Reserves--are in harm's way overseas and need to be properly equipped and to have the health insurance they deserve. And essential programs for disadvantaged people across the country are being slashed to squeeze out more money for tax cuts to the wealthiest among us. This is not the American way. We are a more compassionate people than this budget resolution assumes we are.  The American people deserve better than fiscal and budget policies such as these, and I will vote against this budget resolution.  