SARBANES. I was going to say that is absurd, but as far reaching as that sounds, the answer to the question is yes. That is one of the reasons the potential that results from this legislation is so far reaching.  Gretchen Morgenson, on April 6, 2003, had an article in the New York Times headlined ``Advisers May Get Second Chance To Fail.'' She starts the article as follows:       Do you think Salomon Smith Barney, the brokerage firm that      bankrolled WorldCom and advised it on a business and      financial strategy that failed rather spectacularly, should      be allowed to represent the interests of the company's      employees, bondholders and other creditors while WorldCom is      in bankruptcy?  She goes on to say:       If you answered no, you win a gold star for common sense      and for knowing right from wrong.  We are just trying to get a ``no'' answer put into section 414 of this bill.  We have tried to make a reasonable and balanced modification that essentially preserves the basic conflict of interest protection but does allow this greater flexibility for investment banks that have not recently underwritten securities for the company to serve as advisers in the bankruptcy. But to simply remove the existing provision in the law altogether is to open up the possibility for abuses of major dimensions. Therefore, I very strongly support the amendment being sponsored by Senator Leahy and by Senator Warner.  There is no public purpose that will be served by allowing section 414 to remain in this legislation as it is currently written. In fact, to the contrary, it runs very counter to important public purposes.  Other articles of note include one by Alan Sloan in the Washington Post: ``Proposed Changes In Bankruptcy Law Twist Meaning Of `Reform' Beyond Recognition.'' He goes on to point out the potential implications of this change.  There is also an article by Michael Krauss in the Washington Times headed, ``Bankruptcy Reform . . . With a Thorn.'' He goes on to say that he supports bankruptcy reform legislation but does not support section 414 of the bill because it removes from the excluded list of people not allowed to be employed in the bankruptcy the investment bankers who have had a connection with the company.  The amendment before the Senate is a reasoned and balanced proposal. We have tried to listen to the arguments being made on the other side and respond to those that we think have some merit to them without completely doing away with the ``disinterestedness'' standard. You have to have confidence in the integrity of the bankruptcy system. The total elimination of the investment bankers in terms of being precluded because they have a conflict of interest situation is not going to bolster consumer and creditor confidence.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It is a fair and balanced amendment. It is badly needed. To fail to enact it will carry with it a tremendous risk in terms of how our bankruptcy process functions.  