 There is one very easy way. They could send up documents that make no sense. They could say, Here is 400 pages of something he had on his desk every day when he was working as a political appointee of the Justice Department, and send us the telephone book. That is 400 pages. It was on his desk. It is not very helpful.  So the bottom line is this: The White House is eager to supply documents it selected and certainly provided with great fanfare, but we have yet to receive the documents we have, in fact, requested. It is an unfortunate pattern we have seen too often. Of course, the White House has available to it all the documents. The President has spoken about the designee's work in the Reagan White House and at the Bush Justice Department. But they have yet to share those materials with the Senate.  Other nominations have run into trouble when this White House has decided to let the Senate see only what the White House wants the Senate to see. If the White House's midnight announcement on Monday that was reportedly embargoed to deny Democratic Senators an opportunity to comment is, contrary to appearances, actually intended to begin a dialog about documents, then I welcome it. Of course, if it is intended to unilaterally preempt a discussion about documents the Senate may need and is entitled to, then this is regrettable.  Past administrations, Republican and Democratic, have been willing cooperatively to work with the Senate to accommodate its requests for documents. There are ample precedents in both parties documenting such cooperation. I believe the Senate is going to need the White House's full cooperation to expedite the scheduling of this process as the President has requested.  Let us be serious. Now that the White House has gotten the stagecraft out of the way, let's go back to working on the substance of the Senate's work on this very important nomination. The President has, rightfully so, announced his choice. Now the Senate must rise to the challenge and do its work. To fulfill our constitutional duties, we need to consider this nomination as thoroughly and carefully as the American people deserve. A Supreme Court Justice is not there to represent either the Republican or Democratic Party; they are there to represent all 280 million Americans. The Senate is supposed to find, Is this the person the American people deserve, all 280 million of them?  That takes time, it takes the cooperation of the nominee, and it takes the cooperation of the administration. It means that Republicans, as well as Democrats, have to take our constitutional obligations on behalf of the American people seriously.  Let us remember this is not to see who scores political points. This is to determine how we protect the rights of all Americans--the ultimate check and balance for all Americans. This is somebody who could well serve until the year 2030 or beyond.  Mr. President, I see the distinguished senior Senator from Rhode Island.  I yield the floor.  