President, today we are beginning the debate on the nomination of Alberto Gonzales to be Attorney General of the United States.  When I first heard of this nomination last November, I was hopeful. I saw this nomination as a chance for some long missing accountability on some of the most pressing issues facing our Nation. I noted at the time that I like and respect Judge Gonzales. I met with him soon after his designation and wrote to him, following up on that meeting, to inform him in advance of his confirmation hearing about issues that would be raised about several key issues. I listened carefully to him during our confirmation hearing.  The road he has traveled from being a 12-year-old boy selling soft drinks at football games, all the way to the State House in Texas and to the White House, is a tribute to him and to his family. In spite of our disagreements on issues, I have sought to maintain a cordial personal working relationship with Judge Gonzales during his years as President Bush's counsel. As Senator Kennedy has said, I dearly wish that we could vote for that compelling story, and not for the nominee whose record is before us. In my case, I will vote based on the record.  It saddened me to call Judge Gonzales last week and tell him that I could not in good conscience vote to confirm his nomination to be Attorney General, the chief law enforcement officer of the Nation. He is not the person for this job.  My reasons for voting against Judge Gonzales arise from the need for accountability and derive from the nominee's involvement in the formulation of a number of policies that have tarnished our country's moral leadership in the world and put American soldiers and American citizens at greater risk.  When President Bush announced this nomination he said that he chose Judge Gonzales because of his ``sound judgment'' and role in shaping the Administration's policies in the war on terrorism. Based on the glimpses of secret policy formulations and legal rationales that have come to light, I believe his judgments not to have been sound. On the contrary, several of this Administration's legal policies have been exceedingly harmful to our national interests.  As Attorney General, the nominee's judgment about our laws would be of enormous consequence.  This is a different type of Cabinet position than many others. In many Cabinet positions, such as the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Treasury, and others, the Cabinet member states the President's position. They state the President's position and carry out the President's policies. The Attorney General is different. The Attorney General is not the Attorney General of the President; he is the Attorney General of the United States. This is a position where the cabinet member has enormous flexibility to carry out decisions--to bring prosecution or withhold it, to begin an investigation or to withhold an investigation, to determine to go into a place where he believes there may have been a voting rights violation or to say there is none. This individual must be independent of the President.  Judge Gonzales has championed policies that are in fundamental conflict with decades of laws, sound military practice, international law, and human rights. He remained silent for almost 2 years about a deeply flawed and legalistic interpretation of our Nation's torture statute. He also accepted a patently erroneous interpretation of the torture convention and apparently believes that the President, when acting as Commander in Chief, is above the law.  When I asked Judge Gonzales if he agreed with the Bybee memo's very narrow reading of the law, he replied: ``I don't recall today whether or not I was in agreement with all of the analysis, but I don't have a disagreementwith the conclusions then reached by the Department.'' This is the memo which concludes that ``physical pain amounting to torture must be equivalent in intensity to the pain accompanying serious physical injury, such as organ failure, impairment of bodily function, or even death.'' Even the Justice Department repudiated this legal memorandum, once it became public.  Under his restrictive redefinition such practices as threatening a prisoner with a firearm in a mock execution, ``waterboarding'' a person to make him experience the suffocating effects of drowning, and, as Senator Kennedy noted, perhaps even cutting off a person's fingers one joint at a time would not amount to ``torture.'' But surely we consider these practices torture when done to a member of the U.S. military or to an American citizen.  How can we, the greatest Nation on Earth, stand up and say such acts are not torture if committed against foreign detainees?  Perhaps most disturbing of all as a legal matter is the nominee's positing of the President as above the law. Nothing is more fundamental about our constitutional democracy than our basic notion that no one is above the law. Yet at his June 2004 news conference and again in his testimony before the Judiciary Committee he indicated that he views the President to have the power to override our law and, apparently, to immunize others to perform what would otherwise be unlawful acts. This is about as extreme a view of executive power as I have ever heard. I believe it is not only dead wrong as a constitutional matter but extremely dangerous. The rule of law applies to the President, even this President.  From the time of George Washington to George W. Bush, we have always maintained that in our Nation no one is above the law--not the President, not a Senator, not a judge, not anyone in our country.  Ironically, it was the administration of this President's father that urged the Senate to ratify the torture convention. It did so to make clear that the United States condemns torture and to protect Americans from this barbaric practice. But if the U.S. President does not feel bound by the torture convention, then neither will other foreign leaders.  Ultimately, the Attorney General's duty is to uphold the Constitution and the rule of law--not to work to circumvent it. Both the President and the nation are best served by an Attorney General who gives sound legal advice and takes responsible action, without regard to political considerations--not one who develops legalistic loopholes to serve the ends of a particular administration.  The Attorney General appointed by the President's father remarked: ``Nothing would be so destructive to the rule of law as to permit purely political considerations to overrun sound legal judgment.'' Judge Gonzales demonstrates a lack of independence from the President, something that we cannot have in the chief law enforcement officer in the nation. He cannot interpret our laws to mean whatever the President wants them to mean. To do so would deny us the constitutional protections upon which this nation was founded. The Attorney General is supposed to represent all of the American people, not just one of them.  We have seen what happens when the rule of law plays second fiddle to the President's political agenda. This Administration has taken one untenable legal position after another regarding the rule of law in the war against terror. It will not admit to making mistakes. It takes action only after mistakes are made public and become politically indefensible.  Given the Republican Party's leadership in Congress, the Federal courts have provided what little check there has been on this President's claim of unfettered Executive power. The Congress has failed to do any real oversight of that use of power.  Judge Gonzales's nomination initially seemed like a breath of fresh air. I have noted how much I personally like him. I think most people do. But as I told the nominee when we met within days of the announcement of his nomination, these confirmation proceedings matter. The proceedings matter because it is the responsibility of this Senate to explore Judge Gonzales's judgment and actions in connection with the tragic legal and policy changes formulated in secret by this administration and still cloaked from congressional oversight and public scrutiny. Part of it is the fault of the Congress which has not conducted vigorous oversight, but a large part of this problem is due to an administration that has not answered the questions asked by both Republicans and Democrats.  America's troops and citizens are at greater risk because of those actions and their terrible repercussions throughout so much of the world. America's moral standing and leadership have been undercut. The searing photographs of Abu Ghraib have made it harder to create and maintain the alliances we need to prevail against the vicious terrorists who threaten us, including those who struck America 9 months into this President's first term.  Those abuses at Abu Ghraib have served as recruiting posters for the terrorists. That is why this process matters. The confirmation process shows that on the question of judgment, Judge Gonzales is the wrong man for this job.  After his recent inaugural address, I praised President Bush for the eloquent words he said about the United States' historic support for freedom. But to be true to that vision, we need a government that leads the way in upholding human rights, not one that secretly develops legalistic rationalizations for circumventing human rights.  To reclaim our moral leadership in the world, and to become a true messenger of hope instead of a source of resentment, we need to acknowledge wrongdoing and show accountability for mistakes that have been made.  We have seen departures from our country's honorable traditions, practices, and established law in the use of torture, originating at the top ranks of authority and emerging at the bottom. At the bottom of the chain of command, we have seen a few courts martial. But at the top, we have seen medal ceremonies, pats on the backs, and promotions.  Between these two dissonant images, there is a growing accountability gap. The administration's handling of this confirmation process, which could have helped to narrow the gap, has served to widen it.  I believe in redemption in public life, as in spiritual life, but to get to redemption, first there has to be accountability. This administration has a large and growing accountability deficit. Judge Gonzales, who could have become a part of the solution, remains a part of the problem.  Now more than ever we need an Attorney General to serve all Americans. There is much that has gone wrong that this administration has stubbornly refused to admit or correct. For this democratic Republic to work, we need greater openness and accountability. It is with those critical considerations in mind that I must vote against this nomination.  I believe under the earlier order, the Senator from California is now going to be recognized.  