We have a lot of bipartisan legislation that is not even being looked at. The NOPEC bill is one, with Senator DeWine, Senator Kohl, myself, and others. We looked at the fact that gasoline prices have gone up nearly 50 percent in the last 5 years alone, and yet we have no constraints on artificial prices being set by the NOPEC countries here in the United States. It takes more than holding hands with Saudi princes to bring down prices. We have to ask for real efforts. This is legislation that could pass. This is legislation that could pass. Put some teeth in it. Instead of holding hands, we could hold court actions, and we would be somewhere ahead. That is just one area.  The Senator from Delaware mentioned the asbestos bill. Senator Specter and I have worked on it on a totally bipartisan fashion with Senators on both sides of the aisle. We have a bill that could pass. It would take some effort on the floor. It would take a week or so, but it could pass. Victims of asbestosis would be helped. Companies would have some idea what their costs are. The economy would dramatically improve. That bill is going to die if the nuclear option goes through because we will lose the ability to move bipartisan legislation.  We have law enforcement legislation at a time when most of the law enforcement grants, such as the COPS grants and whatnot, are being cut by the administration. A lot of Members on both sides of the aisle are trying to find a way to get that money back to our police officers, the money being cut. We cannot have a debate on it.  This is going to take up--you confirmed 208 judges; blocked, actually, 5. I have been here 31 years. I don't believe anyone has had a record that good. Certainly no baseball team ever had a record that good. The President ought to declare victory on that, having done so much better than all but about three Presidents of recent memory, and let us get on with things. Bring down the price of gasoline, for one; that is affecting the American people.  Mr LEAHY. Mr. President, today we continue to debate the Republican Leader's bid for one-party rule through his insistence to trigger the ``nuclear option.'' I spoke yesterday about this misguided effort to undercut the checks and balances that the Senate provides in our system of Government, and about the need to protect the rights of the American people, the independence and fairness of the Federal courts, and minority rights here in the Senate.  I started my statement yesterday by commending the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Today I want to add and thank a number of Senators who participated throughout the debate yesterday for their contributions: the Democratic leader; the assistant Democratic leader and senior Senator from Illinois; the senior Senator from Washington; both Senators from California; the senior Senator from New York; the senior Senator from Montana; the senior Senator from Minnesota, the senior Senator from Massachusetts and Senator Dorgan.  I noted yesterday that this is a setting in which Democratic Senators alone will not be able to rescue the Senate and our system of checks and balances from the breaking of the Senate rules that the Republican leader is planning to demand. If the rights of the minority are to be preserved, if the Senate's unique role in our system of Government is to be preserved, it will take at least six Republicans standing up for fairness and for checks and balances. I believe that a number of Republican Senators know in their hearts that this nuclear option is the wrong way to go. I know that Republican Senators with whom I have been privileged to serve know better. I hope that more than six Republican Senators will withstand the political pressures being brought to bear upon them and do the right thing, the honorable thing. I have to believe that enough Republican Senators will put the Senate first, the Constitution first, and the American people first, and withstand those political pressures when they cast their votes.  Today, as we continue this discussion, I note that the Senate remains fixated on a handful of the President's most extreme and divisive judicial nominees. The Democratic leader rightly said recently that the current tally is 208 to 5. The Senate has confirmed 208 of President Bush's judicial nominees, and we are resisting action on five.  I included in the Record yesterday my statement laying out my reasons for opposing the nomination of Priscilla Owen. As we continue to debate a nomination that was rejected by the Judiciary Committee in 2002 and on which the Senate engaged in extensive debate in 2004, the Senate is neglecting other matters. That is the choice made by the Republican leadership, in insisting on this confrontation and upcoming conflict.  The Democratic leader is right when he urges the Senate to ``put people overpartisanship'' and to work to reduce gas prices, make health care more affordable, create new and better jobs and give our veterans and their families the support they need and deserve.  Among the matters being neglected in order to engage in this political exercise is consideration and passage of the NOPEC bill, S. 555. This is bipartisan legislation. Our lead sponsors are Senator DeWine and Senator Kohl. With the increase of gasoline prices by almost 50 percent during the Bush Presidency, with Americans having to pay so much more each week to get to work, drive their kids to school and just to get around, the Republican leadership of the Senate is ignoring a substantial burden on American working families.  This week, the national average price for a gallon of regular gasoline was $2.18. In Vermont, gas is slightly less expensive, but still a hefty $2.15 per gallon. Just a year ago the price was $1.92. When President Bush took office it was $1.46 a gallon.  The artificial pricing scheme enforced by OPEC affects all of us, and it is especially tough on our hard-working Vermont farmers. Rising energy expenses can add thousands of dollars a year to the costs of operating a 100-head dairy operation, a price that could mean the difference between keeping the family business open for another generation or shutting it down.  With summer coming, many families are going to find that OPEC has put an expensive crimp in their vacation plans. Some are likely to stay home; others will pay more to drive or to fly so that they can visit their families or take their well-deserved vacations.  Americans deserve better, and if the White House will not act to abate this crisis, it is time for Congress to act. It is past the time to hold hands and exchange kisses with Saudi princes who artificially inflate the price of gasoline. The President's ``jawboning'' with his Saudi friends has proven unsuccessful. It is now time to act, and the Senate, under the Republican majority leader, is choosing instead to revisit a handful of extreme judicial nominations that have already been considered and rejected by this body.  The production quotas set by OPEC continue to take a debilitating toll on our economy, our families, our businesses, our industry and our farmers. Last year and again last month, the Judiciary Committee voted to report favorably to the full Senate the bipartisan NOPEC bill. Our legislation would apply America's antitrust laws to OPEC's anticompetitive cartel. Why not give the Justice Department the clear authority to use our antitrust laws against the anti-competitive, anti-consumer conduct in which they have engaged? We should take up that bill, debate it and pass it without further delay. The many days of the Senate's time allocated to the provocative ``nuclear option'' comes at the expense of our taking up the NOPEC bill on behalf of the American people.  Another consequence of this fixation on the effort to increase the White House's political power, and to aid this President's attempt to pack the Federal courts, is the loss in focus and sacrifice of progress we have been making on asbestos reform. For more than 3 years I have been working on asbestos reform to provide compensation to asbestos victims in a fair and more expedited fashion.  Chairman Specter and I have worked closely on S. 852, the FAIR Act. It is pending before the Judiciary Committee. We are in the midst of our markup sessions. That effort was scheduled for yesterday and today, but the Chairman had to cancel our consideration yesterday in light of this debate and it had to be cut short today. That is most unfortunate. We have been working hard and in good faith to achieve bipartisan legislative progress on this issue. We have done so despite criticism from many quarters. That bipartisan effort is now being retarded by this continuing debate.  There are many, many items that need prompt attention. I understand that the Armed Services Committee last week completed its work on the Department of Defense Authorization bill. Why the Republican leadership is delaying Senate consideration of the Defense Authorization bill I do not understand. At a time when we have young men and women in combat zones and when the home front is being affected by recently recommended base closings, I would have thought the Defense Authorization bill would be a priority.  Let me mention just one other set of legislative issues. Last week was Police Week. On Sunday I was privileged to attend the National Peace Officers' Memorial Service commemorating the service and sacrifice of 154 public safety officers killed in the line of duty over the last year. I worked in a bipartisan way with Senators Specter, Biden, Hatch, Brownback, Cornyn, DeWine, Durbin, Feingold, Feinstein, Kennedy, Kohl, Kyl, Schumer, Salazar and Collins to introduce and pass S. Res. 131, which recognized May 15 as Peace Officers Memorial Day and called upon the entire Nation to join in honoring our law enforcement officers. The President spoke movingly at the ceremony held here on Capitol Hill on that day of remembrance.  This week we should honor our law enforcement officers with supportive legislative action. In the past we have worked in a bipartisan way to improve the Public Safety Officers Benefit Program and to provide educational benefits for the families of State and Federal officers who have been killed in the line of duty. Sadly, the administration has not yet implemented the latest round of improvements to the Public Safety Officers Benefit Program that we enacted last year. I have urged a Judiciary Committee hearing on this delay, as well as on the general state of police officer safety. The Fraternal Order of Police, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, the National Sheriffs' Foundation and other law enforcement organizations are all interested in working with us to ensure that the Justice Department produces comprehensive regulations that effectively create a more user-friendly PSOB Program.  In addition, we should be considering the Social Security Fairness Act, S. 619, the bill that Senators Collins, Boxer, Feinstein and a number of us have cosponsored over the years to protect the Social Security and retirement of police officers. Those on the front lines protecting all of us from crime and violence should not see their Social Security benefits reduced because they have historically participated in separate retirement benefit programs. That needs fixing and this week would be an appropriate one to take that Senate action.  These are merely examples of some of the business matters the Republican majority of the Senate has laid aside.  