He has sent the Senate divisive and controversial nominees. When the Senate debates them and withholds consent, he stubbornly renominates them over and over again. Rather than work with us to find consensus nominees, which usually pass this Senate 100 to nothing, he disparages us and exploits the issue as a partisan matter.  Under our Constitution, the Senate has an important role in the selection of our judiciary. The brilliant design of our Founders established the first two branches of Government would work together to equip the third branch to serve as an independent arbiter of justice. As George Will once wrote: ``A proper constitution distributes power among legislative, executive and judicial institutions so that the will of the majority can be measured, expressed in policy and, for the protection of minorities, somewhat limited.''  The structure of our Constitution and our own Senate rules of self-governance are designed to protect minority rights and to encourage consensus. Despite the razor-thin margin of recent elections, the majority party is not acting in a measured way but in complete disregard for the traditions of bipartisanship that are the hallmark of the Senate. When these traditions are followed, I can tell my colleagues from 31 years of experience, the Senate works better, and the American people are better served. Instead, the current majority is seeking to ignore precedents and reinterpret longstanding rules to its advantage.  The practice of ``might makes right'' is wrong. The Senate's rules should not be toyed with like a playground game of King of the Hill, to be changed at the whim of any current majority.  The Senate majority leader seems intent on removing the one Senate protection left for the minority, the protection of debate in accordance with the longstanding tradition of the Senate and its standing rules. In order to remove the last remaining vestige of protection for the minority, the Republican majority is poised to break the Senate rules, violate the Senate rules, overturn the Senate rules, and end the filibuster by breaking those rules. They are intent on doing this--why?--to force through the Senate this President's most controversial and divisive judicial nominees.  As the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. wrote in his famous Letter From A Birmingham Jail:       Let us consider a more concrete example of just and unjust      laws.       An unjust law is a code that a numerical or power majority      group compels a minority group to obey but does not make      binding on itself. This is difference made legal. By the same      token, a just law is a code that a majority compels a      minority to follow and that it is willing to follow itself.      This is sameness made legal.  Fair process is a fundamental component of the American system of law. If we cannot have a fair process in these halls or in our courts, how will the resulting decisions be viewed? If the rule of law is to mean anything, it must mean that it applies to all equally. The rule of law must apply the same to Republicans and Democrats. The rule of law must apply the same to all Americans. And certainly the rule of law must apply on the floor of the U.S. Senate.  No man and no party should be above the law. That has been one of the strengths of our democracy. Our country was born in reaction to the autocracy and corruption of King George, and we must not forget our roots as a nation of both law and liberty. The best guarantee of liberty is the rule of law, meaning that the decisions of government are not arbitrary and that rules are not discretionary or enforced to help one side and then ignored to aid another.  Mr. President, nothing I will ever do in my life will equal the opportunity, the honor, the privilege to be one of the 100 serving in this Senate. But not one of this 100--who are privileged to serve at any given time to represent 280 million Americans--none of us owns the Senate. The Senate will be here once we leave. It is our responsibility to leave the Senate as strong as it was when we came in. It is our responsibility, our sworn responsibility, to leave the Senate the body that has always been a check and balance.  How can any Senator look himself or herself in the mirror if they weaken the Senate, if they allow the Senate to no longer be the check and balance it should be? Why would anyone want to serve here if they come to this body with that in mind?  James Madison, one of the Framers of our Constitution, warned in Federalist Number 47 of the very danger that is threatening our great Nation, a threat to our freedoms from within:       [The] accumulation of all powers legislative, executive and      judiciary in the same hands . . . may justly be pronounced      the very definition of tyranny.  That is what they are trying to do, put all the power into one hand. All of us should know enough of history to know we should not do that.  George Washington, our great first President, reiterated the danger in his famous Farewell Address to the American People:       The spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate the powers      of all the departments in one, and thus to create, whatever      the form of government, a real despotism.  Now, our freedoms as Americans are the fruit of too much sacrifice to have the rules broken in the Senate, especially to break them in collusion with the executive branch. What ever happened to the concept of separation of powers? We all give great speeches on the separation of powers. Don't just give the speeches, do not just talk the talk, let's walk the walk.  The effort to appoint loyalists to courts in the hope that they will reinterpret precedents and overturn the very laws that have protected our most fundamental rights as Americans is base and wrong. The American people deserve better than what we have seen with the destruction of rule after rule by a majority willing to sacrifice the role of the Senate as a check and balance in order to aid a President determined to pack the Federal courts. It is the courts themselves that serve as the check on the political branches. Their independence is critical and must be preserved.  Look at what we are talking about, Mr. President. We have confirmed 208 judges. We are saying no to five. Is this a judicial crisis that should allow the majority to destroy the Senate? The record of 208 confirmations and reduction of judicial vacancies to an historic low provide no basis on which to break the rules of the Senate. The Democratic leader's efforts to make additional progress demonstrate there is no reason for the majority to take the drastic and irreversible step of ending protection of the minority through the tradition of extended debate in the Senate.  The White House and Senate Republican leadership's campaign for the nuclear option seeks to end the role of the Senate serving as a check on the executive. That is so shortsighted. It is so wrong. It is so unjustified. We fought a revolution in this country to have a Constitution that is designed to have the Senate provide balance and act as a check.  I will have more to say about these important matters and about the nomination that the Judiciary Committee previously rejected and that the Senate has previously debated as we proceed over the next several days. There is one other aspect of this matter I need to mention. I will say this in my individual capacity as a Senator from Vermont, as a man of faith, as a man who cares deeply about this institution, our country, our Constitution, our first amendment and our constitutional provision that does not allow a religious test for those who serve.  Supporters of a power-hungry executive have gone so far as to seek to inject an unconstitutional religious testinto the debate. All Americans should fear this. They have characterized those who oppose the most extreme of the President's nominees as being against faith, against people of faith. They have called for mass impeachment of judges and other measures to intimidate the judiciary, to remove the independence of the judiciary. I commend the President for personally rejecting at least that demagoguery at a recent press conference. I wish he would go further and tell those making these charges and inflammatory claims to stop.  A Republican clergyman, Pat Robertson, said he believes Federal judges are ``a more serious threat to America than Al Qaeda and the September 11 terrorists'' and ``more serious than a few bearded terrorists who fly into buildings'' and ``the worst threat America has faced in 400 years--worse than Nazi Germany, Japan, and the Civil War.''  For shame. For shame. This is the sort of incendiary rhetoric that is paving the way to the nuclear option. It is wrong. It is destructive. Further, injecting religion into politics to claim a monopoly on piety and political truth by demonizing those you disagree with is not the American way.  As Abraham Lincoln has said:       I know that the Lord is always on the side of the right,      but it is my constant anxiety and prayer that I and this      nation should be on the Lord's side.  He was so right. We all would do well spending a little more time wondering whether we are on God's side and less time declaring infallibly that He is on ours.  Those driving the nuclear option engage in a dangerous and corrosive game of religious McCarthyism in which anyone daring to oppose one of this President's nominees is being branded as anti-Christian or anti-Catholic or against people of faith.  Dr. Dobson of Focus on the Family said of me, ``I do not know if he hates God but he hates God's people.''  I wonder every Sunday when I am at mass, what planet is this person from?  When Senator Hatch was attacked during his Presidential campaign on his religion, I came to his defense. When Senator Lott was under attack, Senators Jeffords and Specter spoke in his defense.  When they charge us with being against people of faith for opposing nominees, what are they saying about the 208 Bush judicial nominees whom Democrats have voted for and helped confirm? Are they saying the five we oppose are people of faith but the 208 we voted for are not? Are they by definition people without faith?       These kinds of charges, this virulent religious      McCarthyism, is fraudulent on its face. It is contemptible.      It is contemptible.  Chief Justice Rehnquist is right to refer to the Federal judiciary as the crown jewel of our system of government. It is an essential check and balance, a critical source of protection of the rights of all Americans, including our religious freedom.  Just this morning the distinguished senior Senator from Pennsylvania and the distinguished senior Senator from Illinois conducted a hearing in the Judiciary Committee where they heard the testimony of Judge Joan Lefkow of Chicago. She is the Federal judge whose mother and husband were murdered in their home. The hearts of all of us go out to her. She asked that we repudiate the gratuitous attacks on the judiciary, and I do so, again, here today. I ask those members of Congress who are so quick to take the floor and say let's impeach judges or let's condemn judges or specific judges, to stop it. Listen to what Judge Lefkow said:       In this age of mass communication, harsh rhetoric is truly      dangerous. Fostering disrespect for judges can only encourage      those that are on the edge, or on the fringe, to exact      revenge on a judge who ruled against them.  We should stop those kinds of speeches, whether it is on this floor or the other body. They are beneath, us, all of us.  I remember Justice Sandra Day O'Connor made a similar observation. I recently spoke with her and told her how much I appreciated that.  The Senator from Pennsylvania spoke about Benjamin Franklin. Let me reiterate. In September 1787, as the Constitutional Convention drew to a close, someone came up to Benjamin Franklin to ask whether all of the arduous work of drafting the Constitution produced a republic or a monarchy. Benjamin Franklin told them, ``A Republic, if you can keep it.''  We have fought world wars, a civil war, we have gone through elections, assassinations, changes in Government, we have gone through all these traumas, the Great Depression, and attacks on our soil. In all of it we have joined together to keep this Republic. We have kept our freedoms through checks and balances, checks and balances woven through our constitutional system so brilliantly by our Founders. Those checks and balances can easily be unthreaded and unwoven by the abuse of power. Let us hope that never happens. Remember, it can happen not just through big steps, it can happen through small steps.  This action that is being proposed to the Senate, the nuclear option, is a large step, a large abuse of power, a step with consequences we can only begin to imagine. It would be a vote for confrontation over consensus. I hope each of us will reflect on its consequences, and then, in the end, such a travesty will never befall the Senate.  Mr. President, how much time is remaining to the Senator from Vermont?  