President, there are many Members on both sides of the aisle with strong objections to the REAL ID Act, which the House included in its version of the emergency supplemental and which Senator Isakson has offered as an amendment. I oppose the REAL ID Act because I value our Nation's historic commitment to asylum, and do not want to see severe restrictions placed on the ability of asylum seekers to obtain refuge here. I oppose it because I value States rights, and side with the National Governors Association, the National Conference of State Legislatures, and the Council of State Governments in objecting to the imposition of unworkable Federal mandates on State drivers license policies. And I oppose the REAL ID Act because I support environmental protection and the rule of law, both of which the act would subvert by requiring the DHS Secretary to waive all laws, environmental or otherwise, that may get in the way of the construction of border fences or barriers, and by forbidding judicial review of the Secretary's actions.  Although I oppose the REAL ID Act, I respect Senator Isakson's desire to debate it in the Senate. The Senate should have a debate and vote on his amendment, and state clearly where we stand. I fear that if we do not, the Senate's silence will be treated as acquiescence by the Republican conferees from both Chambers. As a result, we will see this highly objectionable legislation included in an unamendable conference report. Such a backdoor approach may be the preferred course of action for the Senate's Republican leadership, but it is no way for us to conduct our business.  In addition to my substantive objections to the Isakson amendment, I oppose it because it would deprive the Judiciary Committee of the opportunity to consider and review these wide-ranging provisions. If the majority party believes this is good legislation, it should schedule committee consideration and move it through the regular order.  The majority leader has indicated in recent weeks that the Senate will be considering immigration reform this year. The provisions in the REAL ID Act should be considered at that time and in conjunction with a broader debate about immigration. We should consider the Isakson amendment and we should vote it down.  