President, I have been in the Senate for 31 years. This is one of the most enjoyable colloquies I have ever had.  I hope that the Philadelphia Eagles and actually all of their fans recognize what a great fan they have in the distinguished senior Senator from Pennsylvania. We all know him as one of the most knowledgeable and best lawyers ever to serve in the Senate in either party. But we saw another side of him today. Anybody who can recount effortlessly--I say for those reading the Record, it was without a single note--the history of the Eagles and give a play by play recounting, this recounting was a tour de force of the first order. For Eagles fans, I want you to know his legal expertise is every bit as good.  I grew up with a different sport--baseball--in Vermont, where my home is only a couple hours' drive from Fenway Park. The distinguished Presiding Officer knows what that is like because he is even closer. We all will wait for next year and the Red Sox.  As a child growing up, my father, who had some interest in politics, used to say there will be a day when Vermont will actually elect a Democrat to the U.S. Senate. Everybody told him this would never happen in his lifetime. I am delighted that it did.  I was thinking about my father today. It was 21 years ago today that he left this Earth. He got to see this one and only Democrat, and he got to be there twice on election night and twice to see me sworn into this body, which even after six times is still one of those moments one will never forget.  We waited in Vermont from 1918--my father was 18 years old when the Red Sox won the championship--until this past year. There was some celebration. I might mention that I thought maybe there was some inspiration from Paul McCartney, who performed in the halftime show. I was very disgusted with the halftime show last year--at something nobody even noticed until the next day, when people talked about it on Web sites. The photographs of Miss Jackson became the most visited Web site in America, which gives you some idea of what our priorities are. What I found disgusting at that halftime show was Kid Rock ripping a hole in the American flag and wearing it as some kind of a poncho and then throwing it on the ground at the end of his song. I found that to be very offensive.  I would hope that some of the keepers of morality in this country, who have had a wonderful time sending out fundraising letters based on something nobody really saw until the next day and spending just as much time trying to sell patriotism to everybody, would say how disgusted they are at the actions of a rock singer who would so desecrate the American flag--to the roaring cheers of too many people in the audience. I thought that was outrageous. Perhaps we needed somebody from the United Kingdom to come over here and give us a rousing halftime show, which it was. Actually, the game got better after that. Maybe that is in the eyes of the beholder, too. But I appreciate what the Senator from Pennsylvania said.  I also note that in my 31 years here, it is the first time I heard the unanimous consent request Senator Specter made. Perhaps it was made before. I have to think that when future historians go back into the Record and find that Senators actually did that, they would probably applaud that we know what the Record is.  I recall my days in law school having a summer job and researching the Congressional Record for the then-Federal Power Commission, which later became the Department of Energy, and trying to figure out what was actually said and what was not said, what order it was said in, and why some Senators appeared to have said the same thing twice. When I came to the Senate, I must admit some of the Senators--no longer with us, God rest their souls--would tend to say the same thingtwice, but that was not intentional on their part, or at least they were unaware of it. But I commend the Senator from Pennsylvania for making a unanimous consent request that actually will make sense for those who read the Record.  