President, today we are voting on the Energy bill, which provides Congress with a historic opportunity. We should seize this opportunity and ensure that as this legislation goes to conference, the NOPEC bill, S. 555, remains an essential part of the underlying legislation.  America's fuel crisis continues to take hard-earned money from our families, farmers, and businesses. When President Bush took office, the price of 1 gallon of regular gasoline was about $1.45. Today, that same gallon will cost an American at the pump more than $2.20. And yesterday, our financial markets closed with the ominous and unprecedented news that a barrel of crude oil now sells for more than $60 per barrel. We know that these prices have a real impact--a major shipping carrier announced disappointing earnings last week in part due to the high price of fuel--and yet the administration has done nothing to address the situation.  In the face of continued inaction from the White House, it is time for Congress to substitute action for talk. It is time for us to finally pass NOPEC as part of the larger Energy bill.  We should have considered and passed this bill, S. 555, on its own. This bill passed out of the Judiciary Committee for a second time with overwhelming support earlier this year. I have repeatedly called for its consideration by the Senate over the last several months. It is long past time for the Congress to hold OPEC accountable for its anticompetitive behavior. This amendment will release the United States from being at the mercy of the OPEC cartel by making them subject to our antitrust laws. It will allow the Federal Government to take legal action against any foreign state, including members of OPEC, for price fixing and other anticompetitive activities in this regard.  The President's solution to high gasoline prices this summer is to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, pristine wilderness area, to oil drilling. But drilling in ANWR will not provide any new oil for at least 7 to 12 years and will take an environmental toll. ANWR drilling will do absolutely nothing to help working Americans who have sticker shock at the gas pump or who will be facing record-high home heating prices in a few months. The Bush administration admits that its energy policies include no immediate help for gas prices and no short-term solutions.  The NOPEC bill is a unique element of this legislation. It can do something immediately to help relieve the situation we face every time we fill-up at the pump. We should insist that it be retained, enacted, and implemented. I hope that Republican leadership does not demand this provision be removed but that if it does, the Senate stands firm on behalf of the American people. We should not squander this opportunity to address the real concerns of the American public.  