The work of the Department of Homeland Security, DHS, is crucial to the safety and security of the American people. There remain many problems in integrating the elements of the Department and in making them as effective as we need them to be. I remain concerned with a number of issues in need of greater attention at DHS and much more significant support from the highest levels of the Bush administration. Working with Secretary Chertoff, maybe we will be able to get that attention and support.  The Bush administration has failed to provide the necessary assistance for first responders throughout our Nation. As the costs borne by law enforcement agencies across the country continue to rise, we need to increase the partnership help offered to our nation's first responders. Instead, in the President's new budget, he has proposed cutting overall funding for first responders by $670 million. These cuts target vital emergency services affecting every State, regardless of size or population. The President also proposed cutting the all-State minimum for first-responder grants from 0.75 percent to 0.25 percent. That new formula would result in the loss of funds to police, firefighters and emergency rescue squads in dozens of states from coast to coast. In Vermont, this would mean a loss of at least $10 million dollars in fiscal year 2006--grant funds that are used to provide security services along thousands of miles of our border with three states. Vermont's border with Canada spans approximately 95 miles, but the Swanton Border Patrol is charged with protecting 24,000 square miles, which includes not only the entire State of Vermont, but also numerous counties in New York and New Hampshire. Within this area, the Swanton Border Patrol is required to patrol more than 261 miles of International Boundary.  Our approach to port security is also insufficient. More than 90 percent of the world's trade is moved in cargo containers. The Government Accountability Office has found that the information that the Bureau of Customs and Border Patrol uses to determine which cargo should be searched is ``one of the least reliable or useful for targeting purposes.'' In addition, our government has been slow to install radiation detection portals at our ports, leaving us vulnerable to the smuggling of a nuclear or radiological weapon.  Mass Transit Measures Idle. Our mass transit systems are similarly at risk. While we spent about $4.5 billion on aviation security last year, we devoted only $65 million to rail security, even though five times as many people take trains as planes every day. TheMadrid bombing vividly demonstrated the potential vulnerability of mass transit, and I am concerned that the administration is not responding effectively enough to this threat. This needs to be a higher priority than the administration has made it. The TSA has been slow in developing security procedures at port and rail facilities around the country, and our transit and freight transportation systems remain at risk. The recent DHS budget submission cuts funding for the following essential security programs: port security grants, port security incident response, intercity bus grants, container threat assessments, nuclear detection and monitoring, hazmat truck tracking and training, and rail security inspectors.  Air Security Concerns Linger. Despite the dedicated resources to aviation security, problems remain. There have been several reorganizations of the TSA's airport screeners program, but reports from the GAO and the DHS Office of Inspector General suggest that the screening programs for baggage and passengers at our nation's airports are not as effective as they should be. We need to ensure that the $4,734,784,000 budget request for aviation security this year is spent wisely and properly.  Secretary Chertoff, if he is confirmed, will oversee both the enforcement of our immigration laws and the granting of immigration benefits. We face a number of important choices on immigration in the coming years, and I hope that he will play a constructive role.  I urge him to support the bipartisan efforts in Congress to improve the H-2B visa program, so we can meet the needs of small employers around our nation who depend on seasonal immigrant labor to stay in business. I hope he will support the bipartisan ``AgJOBS'' bill, which provides relief both to the agriculture industry and to the immigrant farm workers who make up a majority of the farm workforce in our nation. And as the Congress debates fundamental immigration reform, I hope that Judge Chertoff will work to help ensure that any reform efforts recognize and embrace the tremendous contributions of immigrants to our economy and our culture.  I would like to note the release last week of a report by the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, a bipartisan commission created by Congress that we asked to study the expedited removal system and its effect on asylum seekers. In his response to me last week, Judge Chertoff showed a commendable concern for the civil rights of those who were detained due to alleged immigration violations during the 9/11 investigation. His concern should be even more pronounced here, where the Commission found that DHS detains people who seek refuge in the United States--and are not even accused of committing any criminal or civil violation--under conditions that ``are entirely inappropriate for asylum seekers fleeing persecution.''  If we are to recapture America's rightful place as a haven for the oppressed, the tragic situation of asylum seekers must be rectified. The Commission offered a number of recommendations that can be implemented through administrative action, such as establishing an office within DHS to oversee the treatment of refugees and asylum seekers and issuing formal regulations governing when asylum seekers should be released from detention. I urge Judge Chertoff to begin the process of making these changes immediately.  As secretary, Judge Chertoff will also supervise a number of outstanding Federal employees who are Vermonters and work for various components of the Department, particularly in DHS' immigration agencies. I believe he will be pleased with their efforts and their expertise.  Secretary Ridge and I have disagreed strongly about DHS' efforts to privatize Immigration Information Officer, IIO, and other positions at the agency, and Congress has barred that privatization for the current fiscal year. Among other duties, IIOs perform background checks on applicants for immigration benefits, a function that should be performed by government employees. I urge Secretary Chertoff to consider the repeated votes of both the House and Senate to maintain these positions as government employees and to make no effort to revisit the unwise and unpopular efforts of his predecessor.  I will support this nomination. Secretary Chertoff will face great challenges ahead. I hope that he will work with me and others, on both sides of the aisle, in finding the best solutions in meeting them.  