President, we heard a distinguished leader of a country pushing into democracy this morning, addressing a joint meeting of the Congress over in the other body. I think every time a country moves into democracy, and its leaders and citizens come to this country, one of the things they are thrilled about is the independence of our Federal judiciary and our judiciary overall. They say in their country, if they ever want to have democracy, they have to have the independence of the judiciary.  I mention this because in recent weeks there seems to have been this escalating verbal attack by political leaders--and I must say, with all due respect, Republican political leaders--against Federal judges, including those who have been appointed by Republican Presidents, and against the Supreme Court, where most of the justices have been appointed by Republican Presidents.  The Republican leader of the House has spoken seeking vengeance against judges involved in the Terri Schiavo matter. A Senate Republican has referenced the brutal murders in the State court in Georgia and of Judge Lefkow's family in Illinois as if they were somehow connected to judicial decisions that some people do not like and which lead to pressures that explode in violence.  Now, I know all Senators, Republicans and Democrats, including the Senator who made those remarks, strongly agree there can be no justification for violence against judges or their families. In Iraq, judges are being attacked by insurgents. In Columbia, honest judges were murdered by drug-dealing thugs. That is not a circumstance we want to see anywhere in the world, especially here. We cannot tolerate or excuse or justify it here in the United States.  When I chaired the Judiciary Committee in 2001, one of the first things I did was push for passage of the Judicial Protection Act, which toughened criminal penalties for assaults against judges and their families. I sponsored itwith Senator Gordon Smith. We enacted it. We were right to do so. Protecting our judges and Federal law enforcement officers should be a top priority for us. I think sometimes the focus on terrorism distracts us from the day-to-day dangers for judges.  I remember the autumn of 2001, when Senator Daschle and I were each sent anthrax-laced letters in an environment in which high-ranking Republican leaders had criticized us unfairly during the sensitive weeks leading up to that. People who touched the outside of the envelope addressed to me--the envelope I was supposed to open--people who simply touched it, doing their job, died as a result of that. And no perpetrator was ever arrested or convicted for these anthrax attacks by someone who may have thought himself a ``super patriot'' willing to will to make his point.  I do not want to see more attacks on our Federal and State judges. So I urge those members of the other party who are making these attacks to disavow the rhetoric and those attacks. They should not be creating an atmosphere in which anyone will feel encouraged or justified in attacking our judiciary if they do not like a particular decision.  In this regard, I thank the Senator from Texas for the comments he made Tuesday afternoon in which he expressed his regrets with regard to certain remarks he made on Monday that he says were taken out of context and misinterpreted. He has urged that the overheated rhetoric about the judiciary be toned down and acknowledged that ``[o]ur judiciary must not be politicized.''  Mr. President, I became a Member of the Senate more than 30 years ago at a time when the country was recovering from an abuse of power by President Nixon. In the wake of the Watergate scandal, many of us were elected to be a forceful check on executive power. It was a mindfulness of the danger that absolute power corrupts that the Founders designed our Constitution to contain a vital set of checks and balances among the three branches of our Federal Government. Those checks and balances have served to guarantee our freedoms for more than 200 years.  Today, Republicans are threatening to take away one of the few remaining checks on the power of the executive branch by their use of what has become known as their ``nuclear option.'' This assault on our tradition of checks and balances and on the protection of minority rights in the Senate and in our democracy should be abandoned.  The American people have begun to see this threatened partisan power grab for what it is and to realize that the threat and the potential harm are aimed at our democracy, at the independent Federal judiciary and, ultimately, at their rights and freedoms. A thoughtful editorial appeared in one of my home State's newspapers today. In that editorial, The Barre-Montpelier Times Argus observed: ``Abolishing the filibuster for judicial nominees is another, more extreme, form of intimidation.'' I ask that a copy of that editorial be included in the Record at the end of my statement.  