President, last month, the debate over the nomination of Judge William Pryor to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals included a discussion of Judge Pryor's call to repeal section 5 of the Voting Rights Act--the centerpiece of that landmark statute--because, as he asserted in congressional testimony, it ``is an affront to federalism and an expensive burden that has far outlived its usefulness.'' His testimony demonstrated that Judge Pryor is more concerned with preventing an ``affront'' to the States' dignity than with guaranteeing all citizens the right to cast an equal vote.  In the Republican defense of Judge Pryor, it was suggested that Congressman John Lewis, a stalwart leader of the civil rights movement, somehow agreed with Judge Pryor's opposition to section 5 of the Voting Rights Act because of a statement Congressman Lewis had made about a specific redistricting plan.  Congressman Lewis has made clear many times, most recently in a July 14 letter to me, his disagreement with the views of Judge Pryor and his strong support for the Voting Rights Act--and particularly section 5. Congressman Lewis wrote:       Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act must be renewed. There      is a continued, proven need for the pre-clearance provisions      of the Voting Rights Act, which ensure that local and state      jurisdiction do not develop laws that intentionally or      unintentionally discriminate against groups who may have      little or no voice in the establishment of those laws.  His statements of support for one particular redistricting plan in no way diminish his commitment to the Voting Rights Act.  Congressman Lewis believes, as do I, that the Voting Rights Act is our most important protection guaranteeing that no individuals or groups are without a voice in this democracy. As he so eloquently noted:       The history of the right to vote in America is a history of      conflict, of struggling for the right to vote. Many people      died trying to protect that right. I was beaten and jailed      because I stood up for it. For millions like me, the struggle      for the right to vote is not mere history; it is experience.      The experience of the last two presidential elections tells      us that the struggle is not over and that the special      provisions of the Voting Rights Act are still necessary.  I ask unanimous consent that Congressman Lewis's letter be printed in the Record at the end of my statement.  