President, I thank the distinguished chairman. He and I have spent, I believe, more time with each other than we have with our families in the past couple weeks. I am not sure if that is to the detriment of our families or ourselves or to the benefit of our families or ourselves. In any event, it is a fact we spent an enormous amount of time.  As the distinguished chairman has talked about--and I will in a moment submit this as a joint statement from the two of us--we have agreed to the following:  The hearings will start on Tuesday, September 6. The Judiciary Committee members will waive their right to hold over the nomination for 1 week, when first placed on the Judiciary Committee executive agenda. The vote, of course, then could occur any time after Monday, September 12. The chairman intends to set that vote on the executive agenda on Thursday, September 15.  Senators--and this will require all 100 Senators--will waive their right to invoke the 2-hour rule to terminate Judiciary Committee hearings 2 hours after the Senate comes into session during the time of the nomination hearings on Judge Roberts.  All written questions will be submitted within 24 hours of the conclusion of the hearing, and answers will be provided in a timely fashion.  And we recognize that nothing in the Senate or Judiciary Committee rules precludes the Senate from considering the nomination on the floor without a committee report.  As we know--and I see two of the distinguished leaders of the Senate on the floor and others will be joining us--I served several times in the majority, several times in the minority, and I have handled many bills on the floor--you can work out every single possible contingency, but there is always something that comes up, and that is why we have chairmen and ranking members.  I have a great deal of respect for Senator Specter. He has always been straightforward with me. He has always kept his word to me, as I have to him. We think we have covered all the contingencies. Anything can happen. I suspect the two of us can handle that.  I think of some of the contingencies in the last few years. I remember an important hearing scheduled and we had the disaster of September 11. Obviously, nobody plans or hopes for such events. We have the ability to work out those kinds of situations.  Long before the Supreme Court vacancy, long before this nomination, the chairman and I worked cooperatively to lay the groundwork for full hearings to prepare that committee for when that day will arrive. We have now announced the schedule for the hearings to begin. I know we will continue to work with each other in good faith as the process unfolds, but when we look at this beginning the first week the Senate returns to session after Labor Day, it is a brisk schedule. To meet the schedule, we need the cooperation of the administration.  The Senate only today, Friday, received the President's official nomination of Judge Roberts. The Senate has not received basic background information on the nominee in answer to the Judiciary Committee's questionnaire. The Senate only today received updated background check materials from the FBI. All of these, of course, we need.  In advance of receiving the nomination, Chairman Specter and I joined together earlier this week in setting forth additional requests for the information through the Judiciary Committee questionnaire, something worked out by the two of us.  The Democratic members of the committee sent the White House a letter on Tuesday, with a priority of the documents for the nominee's years of work in the Reagan White House with White House counsel Fred Fielding from among the documents the administration had indicated it was making arrangements to provide to the Senate.  Yesterday I shared with the chairman a suggested request for materials in connection with only 16 priority cases from the hundreds considered during the years during which the nominee was Kenneth Starr's political deputy at the Department of Justice. That request has also been expedited and sent to the administration this week, even before the President sent the nomination to the Senate.  The President said he hopes the new Justice can be confirmed by the start of the Court's next session on the firstMonday in October. The Senate has already cooperated in achieving this goal. At this point, there is no reason to believe the goal cannot be met, but we need the full cooperation of the administration. The administration has weighed in heavily with demands regarding the Senate's schedule.  What we need more than the White House telling us how and when to do our job is a White House willing to help us expedite our consideration by making relevant materials available without delay so we can meet the chairman's aggressive schedule.  The President has extolled the nominee's credentials, including his years of work in three senior executive branch posts during the Presidencies of his father and President Reagan.  We are seeking a very small number of the documents evidencing his work in those policy positions. In order for us to fulfill our responsibilities to examine this nomination and report it to the Senate, the Senate Judiciary Committee should be provided these materials without delay so we can perform our due diligence.  The White House this week said the Senate will have wide access to the documents from the Reagan administration, but only after an elaborate screening process. Based on the White House's own statement about the length of time it will take to screen these documents, that will be 4 weeks from now, maybe even longer.  The date the chairman is setting for the beginning of the hearings emphasizes the ability to review the materials before the hearings requires quicker action from the administration than that. One only need glance at the calendar to see 4 weeks from today is only a few days before the hearings, and that includes Labor Day weekend.  This is a nominee who, if confirmed, could be serving on the Supreme Court until 2030 or beyond, well past the term of the President who appointed him and well past the terms or even the lifetimes of Members of the Senate who may make this decision. This is a decision that not only affects every American alive today but also our children and grandchildren.  The Constitution gives the Senate, and only the Senate, the responsibility of considering a President's nominations to a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court.  The Constitution gives us the duty to make this decision as well as we can, not as fast as we can.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  