 Mr. President, capping days of public speculation that maybe the President would appoint Judge Edith Clement or Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez or any number of other people, the President made a dramatic evening announcement of his intention to nominate Judge John Roberts to succeed Justice Sandra Day O'Connor on the U.S. Supreme Court.  The President called Senator Frist, Senator Reid, Senator Specter, and myself last night before this announcement to discuss it. I appreciated his call and the reasons he gave for the nomination. As I said to him last night, he has done his part of the equation, a very important part as President. He nominates the Justice. It is interesting that, in a nation of 280 million Americans, only 101 of us get a chance to actually have a say in who is going to serve on the Supreme Court, a person who is there to protect the rights of all Americans on the one body that is to be the ultimate check and balance in our Government. Of the 101, first, of course, is the President making the nomination. But then the 100 men and women in the Senate have an awesome responsibility to the rest of the Nation in how we vote. That is our job. The Senate has to fulfill its constitutionally mandated duty to ensure those who receive lifetime appointments to our highest Court will protect the rights and liberties of all Americans--not those of just one political party or the other but of all Americans--that they will uphold our Constitution and our laws and that they will be impartial in their judicial approach.  As I said, the President has announced his choice. Now we in the Senate have to rise to the challenge and get to work. To fulfill our constitutional duties, we need to consider this nomination as thoroughly and carefully as the American people expect and deserve. That is going to take time. It will take the cooperation of the nominee and the administration. It will require Republicans, as well as Democrats, to take seriously our constitutional obligations on behalf of all the American people, not just a select few. I will say similar things to Judge Roberts when I meet with him later today.  Justice O'Connor serves as a model Justice. She is widely respected by America as a jurist with common sense and practical values who brought no agenda from the far left or the far right. She did not prejudge cases. She cast the critical deciding vote in a number of significant cases. Her legacy of fairness is one that all Americans should want to see preserved. For 24 years on the Supreme Court, she has tried to decide cases fairly and with an open mind. I thank her for her service to the country and her graciousness in agreeing to serve until her successor is considered and confirmed by the Senate and appointed by the President.  I regret that some on the extreme right have been so critical of her and so adamantly opposed to a successor who shares her judicial philosophy and qualities. Their criticism reflects their own narrowmindedness and biased agenda. I regret that they have taken out ads and gone on the news trying to tarnish her record. Frankly, the American people know better, and nothing will tarnish the record of the first woman Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.  I have noted that our neighbor to the north, Canada, a country that is only an hour's drive from my home inVermont, also has a supreme court with nine members, but four of them are women, including the Canadian chief justice. I look forward to the time when the membership of the U.S. Supreme Court is more reflective of America as Canada's supreme court is more reflective of that country.  I know Hispanics across the country are disappointed the President has missed this extraordinary historic opportunity to pick a candidate who will make the Court more diverse. I hope he will consider that in future nominations.  There was no dearth of highly qualified individuals who could have served as unifying nominees while adding to the diversity of the Supreme Court. Reports last week mentioned Judge Sonia Sotomayor of the Second Circuit and Judge Edward Prado of the Fifth Circuit. Certainly these are the kind of candidates worthy of consideration.  Judge Sotomayor was first appointed to the Federal court by President George H.W. Bush, the President's father. Judge Prado was first appointed by President Reagan and elevated to the circuit by the current President Bush. They are among the people who should be considered. There are many outstanding Hispanic judges and African-American judges who could have added to the diversity of the Supreme Court and made it more representative of all Americans.  Last week, Chairman Specter and I spoke about our interests in having the President consider nominees from outside what I call the ``judicial monastery.'' I believe their life experience is important and that the Supreme Court could have benefited from someone with experiences that were not limited to those of a circuit judge. Certainly, this is a consideration the President should make if he has further nominees. I wish he had done so with this nomination.  So now, however, the nomination has been made. The President has spent several weeks in determining who he wants. He has made his selection. Now it is the Senate's turn to decide what we will do. Above all, we in the Senate need to ensure that the Supreme Court remains protective of all Americans' rights and liberties from government intrusion and that the Supreme Court understands the role of Congress in passing legislation to protect ordinary Americans from abuse by powerful special interests.  No one is entitled to a free pass to a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court, whether nominated by a Democrat or by a Republican. And there are far different considerations for the Supreme Court than there are for circuit courts. How the nominee views precedent, what the nominee regards as settled law, how the nominee will exercise the incredible power of a Supreme Court Justice to be the final arbiter of the meaning of the Constitution--all of these raise very different considerations than those for a lower court nominee. In addition, a nominee coming from the appellate bench will have a record there in votes and opinions and performance that will provide important additional insights into his likely tenure as a Supreme Court Justice.  We have to take the time to evaluate this nominee for a lifetime position on the Supreme Court. After all, if confirmed, Judge Roberts could be expected to serve to the year 2030 or 2040. So we have to have time to perform due diligence on Judge Roberts' record and judicial philosophy. The Senators on the committee have to have time to prepare for fair and thorough hearings. I ask all Senators to be mindful of the Senate's fundamental role in this process. The Americans put us all here to do an important job, and it is critical that we treat that responsibility with the seriousness and respect it deserves.  I start, as I always have, from the premise that the Supreme Court should not be a wing of the Republican Party or a wing of the Democratic Party. It has that responsibility not only to all 280 million Americans but also to millions and millions of future Americans. The independence of the Federal judiciary is critical to our American concept of justice for all. The Supreme Court provides a fundamental check in our system of government. We have to ensure that it serves as a bulwark of individual liberty against incursions or expansions of power by the executive branch. We also have to ensure that the Supreme Court respects the role of Congress when it acts to protect Americans from those with great power, to improve their lives with environmental laws, and by reining in powerful special interests.  We know that the current Supreme Court is the most activist Supreme Court in my lifetime. Time and time again, they have set aside congressional laws, some of long standing, and basically written new laws of their own. There was a time when my friends on the other side of the aisle were very opposed to the idea of an activist Supreme Court. Now we find that two of the heroes of the right are the most activist members of the current Supreme Court, Justice Thomas and Justice Scalia.  Ours is a nation based on the rule of law. The test of a good judge is his or her ability to apply the law fairly. As I evaluate candidates for lifetime appointments that often span not merely years but decades, I want to make sure that everybody who comes before the Court can look at that Justice and say: I can be treated fairly no matter who I am, no matter what political party I belong to, no matter what my station in life.  They are going to be there a long time. Justice O'Connor served for 24 years. Chief Justice Rehnquist has served for 34 years. Since 1970, the average term has been 25 years. So we are considering a nomination not just for the period remaining in the Bush administration, which is going to end in 2008, but for our children's and grandchildren's futures, 2030 and beyond.  This nomination fills the seat that Justice O'Connor occupied while serving as the ``swing'' or decisive vote in so many cases, and if her successor does not share her judicial philosophy, that replacement could radically change the Court in the way our Constitution is interpreted.  It is critical we not prejudge a nominee and that the Judiciary Committee be accorded the time to develop a full record on which Senators can base an informed judgment. I was disappointed to hear somebody say last night: Why can't we move immediately to the hearings? Come on, the American people would justly feel on something such as this that their rights have been shortchanged.  I look forward to working out agreements with Chairman Specter on procedures to allow the kind of thorough consideration that a nominee to a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court deserves, and I know Chairman Specter feels the same way.  A preliminary review of Judge Roberts' record suggests areas of significant concern that need exploration. We have to consider his service on the circuit court, even though that is quite limited. We need to understand how he will exercise judicial power.  An independent study--and I referred to this earlier--demonstrated that the Rehnquist Court has been the most activist Court in my lifetime in overturning congressional enactments and restricting legislative authority--actually the most activist since before the New Deal. The most activist members, of course, as I said earlier, are Judge Thomas and Judge Scalia. We need to know what kind of Supreme Court Justice John Roberts would be.  When I talked with the President, I said I hoped that they would cooperate so that all relevant matters can be constructively explored as we begin this important process. When I meet with Judge Roberts today, I will ask for his cooperation. After all, the Constitution speaks of advise and consent. It does not speak about nominate and rubberstamp. That, incidentally, is a position I have taken whether it has been a Democrat or a Republican on the Supreme Court.  I look forward to hearings that will inform the Senate and the American people in making the Senate's confirmation decision. I have been here for hearings and to vote on all nine members of the Supreme Court and for one other who did not make it. Presidents come and go. Senators come and go. The Supreme Court Justices tend to be there a lot longer than all of us. I want to make sure we do our job the right way.  Mr. President, I know there are other members of the Senate Judiciary Committee who wish to speak. In fact, I see the member of the committee who has either presided over or been present formore Supreme Court nominations than any Member now serving in the Senate. I yield to the distinguished senior Senator from Massachusetts.  