President, today we reintroduce the Specter-Leahy Personal Data Privacy and Security Act of 2005.  Earlier this year, Senator Specter and I introduced a comprehensive bill to bring urgently needed reforms to protect Americans' privacy and to secure their personal data. Chairman Specter has shown great leadership on this issue, and I appreciate his dedication to solving these challenging problems through his willingness to work together to enhance this legislation as we have deemed appropriate. Since initial introduction of our bill, we have worked with Senator Feinstein and other members of the Judiciary Committee to address areas of concern and to perfect the bill. We have also worked closely with a wide variety of stakeholders and experts in these issues, which has also improved the bill.  I especially thank Senator Feinstein for her dedication and resolve to address these difficult data security and privacy concerns. I commend her input and leadership, and I am pleased that she is joining as an original cosponsor of this revised bill. I also thank Senator Feingold for his commitment to ensuring that the government also acts responsibly in its use of our personal information and appreciate his support as an original cosponsor. This is a good bill--carefully calibrated to help remedy the problems we set out to address--and I look forward to continuing our efforts to pass effective legislation.  We have teamed together and applied our collective wisdom to sort through these issues with care and precision. We took the time needed to develop well-balanced, focused legislation that provides strong protections where necessary, and that offers strong penalties and consequences as disincentives for those who fail to protect Americans' most personal information.  Reforms like these are long overdue. As we look toward the end of the year, these necessary reforms should be included in our domestic priorities so that we can achieve some positive changes in areas that affect the everyday lives of Americans.  First our bill requires data brokers to let people know what sensitive personal information they have about them, and to allow people to correct inaccurate information. 