President, I am dismayed that nearly all of the provisions of the REAL ID Act have been included in this conference report after closed-door negotiations between House and Senate Republicans. Democratic conferees were excluded from these negotiations. Indeed, my staff specifically asked the conferees for the majority to be included in negotiations on these far-reaching provisions--which have never received Judiciary Committee consideration--but our request was ignored.  I oppose the inclusion of these provisions for a number of reasons. First and foremost, this is not the way we should be legislating comprehensive changes to our immigration laws. The Judiciary Committee never considered them. The Senate never voted on them when the supplemental appropriations bill was being debated. Indeed, Senator Isakson offered an amendment that included the text of REAL ID but then withdrew it, reportedly under pressure from his own leadership. Many of us believed the Senate would vote down the Isakson amendment, especially considering that six Republican Senators had joined six Democratic Senators in writing to the majority leader to oppose including REAL ID in the supplemental appropriations bill.  Second, I am concerned that the REAL ID Act will cause great hardship for asylum seekers. In the guise of preventing terrorists from obtaining asylum--which is forbidden under current law--this conference report raises the standard of proof for all asylum seekers. The REAL ID Act's asylum provisions are opposed by a wide variety of religious organizations from across the political spectrum, as well as advocates for refugees and asylees. The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops has said that the asylum provisions in REAL ID would ``eviscerate the protection of asylum, thus preventing victims of persecution from receiving safe haven in the United States.''  Third, this conference report includes the REAL ID Act's breathtaking waiver of Federal law. The Secretary of Homeland Security will now be empowered to waive any and all laws that may get in the way of the construction of fences or barriers at any United States border. The Secretary already has broad authority in this area, and to further increase it demonstrates a lack of concern both with environmental protection and the rule of law.  Fourth, the conference report repeals the minimum Federal standards for driver's licenses that Congress passed only last December in the intelligence reform bill, in response to the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission. The Bush administration said that it preferred the approach taken in the conference report to the approach favored by the House, which is contained in the REAL ID Act. The House approach, now included in this conference report, replaces the newly enacted minimum standards with Federal mandates that I fear will be unworkable. The administration and the States have already devoted substantial energy to implementing the existing standards, and this conference report may represent a step backwards in our security.  These new provisions will endanger the lives of victims of domestic violence, including U.S. citizens. Many States currently allow victims of abuse--who frequently are hiding from their abusers--to obtain driver's licenses that do not list their address. This conference report will require all licenses to bear the recipient's address; unfortunately, it contains no exception for victims of domestic abuse or stalking. If a victim of domestic abuse or stalking is forced to disclose her physical residence in order to get a Federally-approved driver's license, she risks the possibility that she and her children will be tracked down by their abuser. For women and children fleeing domestic abuse or stalking, the option to use an alternate address is not a matter of convenience or preference; it can be a matter of life or death. We must fix this residential address requirement when we reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act later this year by creating an exemption for victims of domestic abuse or stalking.  Fifth, the conference report would eliminate habeas corpus review foraliens who have received removal orders. We have not taken such a step in this country for more than a century, but we are taking it now, without the Senate even considering the measure.  Overall, the REAL ID provisions in this conference report need a much wider airing and consideration before enactment. Unfortunately, Republican conferees agreed to exclude the Democrats from consideration of these proposals and a group of Senate and House appropriators have agreed to change our immigration laws in profound ways.  On a much more favorable note, I am pleased that the conference report included, with minor modifications, the Senate-passed provision to provide relief to the small and seasonal businesses across our nation that rely on temporary foreign workers who come here on H-2B visas. I cosponsored the Senate amendment, offered by Senator Mikulski, to make additional visas available for aliens who wish to perform seasonal work in the United States. For the second year in a row, the statutory cap on such H-2B visas was met before businesses that need additional summer employees were even eligible to apply for visas. This has hurt businesses across the country, and this amendment will provide needed relief.  In Vermont, the main users of these visas are hotels, inns and resorts that have a busy summer season. I have heard from dozens of businesses in Vermont over the past year that have struggled mightily to manage without temporary foreign labor. I know that the Lake Champlain Chamber of Commerce, the Vermont Lodging & Restaurant Association and many small businesses in Vermont are vitally concerned and expect that similar associations and businesses in other States are, as well.  Indeed, a wide range of industries use these visas in other States. I imagine that nearly all Senators have heard from a constituent who has been harmed by the sudden shortage of H-2B visas, and fear that they will go out of business if Congress does not act to make more visas available.  The conference report does not raise the cap on the program, but rather allows those who had entered the U.S. in previous years through the H-2B program to return. These are, by definition, people who came to the U.S. legally and returned to their own countries as the law requires. The amendment also addresses the concerns some members have expressed about fraud.  I have been working to solve this crisis for more than a year. I joined last year with a substantial bipartisan coalition in introducing S.2252, the Save Summer Act of 2004. Senator Kennedy was the lead sponsor of the bill, which had 18 cosponsors, including 8 Republicans. The bill would have added 40,000 visas for the current fiscal year, providing relief to those summer-oriented businesses that had never even had the opportunity to apply for visas. Unfortunately, that bill was opposed by a number of Republican Senators and never received a vote. Our constituents suffered the consequences, and I am gratified that we are prepared to provide relief.  