President, it is with sadness and appreciation I come to the floor today to speak about the announcement my colleague fromVermont, Senator Jeffords, just made this afternoon in Burlington. He announced he will retire from the Senate at the end of his current term.  Not surprisingly, Senator Jeffords went back to his native State, our native State, of Vermont to make the announcement. When I called him this morning to talk with him, I said, ``Jim, how are you doing?'' He said, ``The air is so clear and so nice here in Vermont.'' He was speaking about the fact, of course, that he felt so much at peace. I know that is the case because Jim and I have known each other and we have worked with each other since the days, long ago, when he was the attorney general of Vermont and I was prosecuting criminals as State's Attorney of Chittenden County.  Our wives, Liz Jeffords and Marcelle Leahy, knew each other even before that from their high school days in Burlington. When Jim and I speak of our wives, we have to admit, we both married way above ourselves. We both chose extremely well. Our thoughts and thanks today are also with Liz and their children, Leonard and Laura.  Jim Jeffords is beloved by the people of Vermont, as well as by millions of Americans nationwide who have come to know him through the courage and independence he showed in making the difficult decision to become an Independent. Since then, Jim has had a national following. He has never had more public support and popularity in Vermont than he does today.  Though many Americans outside of Vermont only came to know of his independence in recent years, the truth is that, throughout his public service, Jim Jeffords has shown that same streak of Vermont independence. It is deep, it is wide, and it is genuine--from his days as a State senator from Rutland County, to being Attorney General, to being a Member of the House of Representatives, to being a Senator.  Jim has ably continued the Vermont legacy of national leadership on the environment in the tradition of Senator Bob Stafford of Vermont, from Jim's early days in the other body, to his chairmanship and now being ranking member in the Environment and Public Works Committee in this body.  Vermonters, no matter what their political affiliation, are good stewards of the gorgeous land that surrounds us. With our pristine mountains and lush valleys, we have sometimes said we have air so clean it has never been breathed. That is the air Jim Jeffords was enjoying this morning in Vermont.  So we consider the pollution that creeps across our borders from dirty powerplants upwind of our State to be an offense not only against our health but against the natural environment we want to enjoy and pass on to our children and grandchildren. Jim Jeffords has been a stalwart national leader in that fight.  Jim Jeffords also feels passionately about improving education in America and his imprint can be found on innumerable laws and initiatives over the years in pursuit of that goal.  Children with disabilities, they especially have had a champion in Senator Jeffords.  Senator Jeffords of Vermont and I have also been partners in defending the hard-working dairy farmers of our States and--I might say--of a lot of other States. Vermonters and I will miss the seniority that he has gained in this body, which has been put to so many good purposes not only for our States but for our Nation.  When the time comes for him to carve his initials in his desk and retire from the Senate, Jim Jeffords will leave with a legacy of principled public service of which he and Vermonters can be proud.  I know that, for the Senator from Vermont, nothing compares to the scarce and precious days he has been able to spend on his farm in Shrewsbury. We are both native Vermonters and we feel that tug of the land. Our colleagues may remember the time years ago when he broke his leg doing farm chores.  He was doing them instead of hiring somebody else because it felt good. He believed it brought him closer to his native State. Down the road I am sure that my good friend looks forward to a time when those precious days at home will be a little less scarce.  So with fondness and with appreciation, I will conclude with a phrase that was often heard from Vermonters, even seen on bumper stickers during his last reelection campaign: Thanks, Jim.  I yield the floor.  