President, this is an amendment to restore funding for the Boys & Girls Clubs of America to their current fiscal year level. From my days as a prosecutor, throughout my career in the Senate, I have seen the great value of Boys and Girls Clubs. This is not a Democratic or Republican issue.  We have a responsibility to make sure that our children are safe and secure. I know firsthand how well Boys and Girls Clubs work and what top-notch organizations they are. When I was a prosecutor in Vermont, I was convinced of the great need for Boys and Girls Clubs because we rarely encountered children from these kinds of programs. In fact, after I became a U.S. Senator, a police chief was such a big fan of the clubs that he asked me to help fund a Boys and Girls Club in his district rather than helping him add a couple more police officers.  In Vermont, Boys and Girls Clubs have succeeded in preventing crime and supporting our children. The first club was established in Burlington 63 years ago. Now we have 20 club sites operating throughout the State in Addison, Chittenden, Orange, Rutland, Washington, Windham and Windsor Counties. There are also four new Boys and Girls Clubs in the works in Winooski, Brattleboro, Barre and Vergennes. These clubs will serve well over 10,000 kids statewide.  As a senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I have pushed for more Federal funding for Boys and Girls Clubs. Since 1998, Congress has increased Federal support for Boys and Girls Clubs from $20 million to $85 million in this fiscal year. Due in large part to this increase in funding, there now exist 3,500 Boys and Girls Clubs in all 50 States serving more than 4 million young people.  Because of these successes, I was both surprised and disappointed to see that the President requested a reduction of $25 million for fiscal year 2006. That request will leave thousands of children and their Clubs behind. We cannot allow such a thing to happen.  Last year, Senator Hatch and I worked together to shepherd into law a reauthorization of Justice Department grants at $80 million for fiscal year 2006, $85 million for fiscal year 2007, $90 million for fiscal year 2008, $95 million for fiscal year 2009 and $100 million for fiscal year 2010 to Boys and Girls Clubsto help establish 1,500 additional Boys and Girls Clubs across the Nation with the goal of having 5,000 Boys and Girls Clubs in operation by December 31, 2010.  If we had a Boys and Girls Club in every community, prosecutors in our country would have a lot less work to do in the courtroom. Each time I visit a club in Vermont, I am approached by parents, educators, teachers, grandparents and law enforcement officers who tell me ``Keep doing this! These clubs give our children the chance to grow up free of drugs, gangs and crime.''  You cannot argue that these are just Democratic or Republican ideas, or conservative or liberal ideas--they are simply good sense ideas. We need safe havens where our youth--the future of our country--can learn and grow up free from the influences of drugs, gangs and crime. That is why Boys and Girls Clubs are so important to our children.  Across the Nation, Boys and Girls Clubs are preventing crime and supporting our children. My amendment will restore funding for the Boys and Girls Clubs of America to the fiscal year 2005 level of $85 million. It provides a full offset at $50 million split evenly for the Boys and Girls Clubs and for deficit reduction by, for example, closing corporate tax loopholes. It also expresses the sense of the Senate on the value of Boys and Girls Clubs in their mission to inspire and enable all young people, especially those from disadvantaged circumstances, to realize their full potential as productive, responsible and caring citizens.  Congress has authorized and appropriated increased levels of funding for the Boys and Girls Clubs of America in each of the last 8 years because of the clubs' proven role in discouraging youth gangs, drug abuse and youth violence. The budget resolution, following the President's lead, reduces funding for Boys and Girls Clubs by $25 million--from $85 million to $60 million--and completely ignores the 5-year authorization for the Boys and Girls Club grant program enacted by Congress and signed by the President in October 2004. A drop to $60 million in the coming fiscal year will likely result in an across-the-board decrease of 30 percent to club pass-thru grants, as well as a 30 percent cut to the overall increase in youth served. In connection with my amendment I have offered to substitute other offsets.  Mr. President, I urge the Senate to adopt the Leahy amendment to restore funding by $25 million for the 2006 fiscal year for the Boys and Girls Clubs of America. Our country's strength and ultimate success lies with our children. Our greatest responsibility is to help them inhabit this century the best way possible and we can help do that by supporting the Boys and Girls Clubs of America.  Mr. President, I urge adoption of the amendment.  