President, today I join my colleagues, Senators Hatch, Feinstein, and Cornyn, introducing an important piece of bipartisan intellectual property legislation. The provisions of the ``Family Entertainment and Copyright Act of 2005'' are virtually identical to those in the bill we passed in the waning days of the 108th Congress. Unfortunately, that package of intellectual property bills was hijacked in an effort to use it as a vehicle to pass unrelated legislation. The effort failed, and in the end so did Congress: we were not able to send to the President the most important package of intellectual property legislation on last year's agenda. The legislation passed in the Senate--several times in fact--but there was simply not enough time for the House of Representatives to act.  I am pleased that we were able to salvage two components of last year's bill. As Congress came to a close, the House passed the Senate version of the CREATE Act, legislation I cosponsored with Senator Hatch. The new law will continue to encourage collaborative research partnerships between private industry and not-for-profits, such as universities. We were also able to send to the President the Anti-counterfeiting Amendments Act, a version of Senator Biden's legislation that my friend from Delaware has championed for several years. Both laws are important, but our task remains incomplete.  It is time to enact the remaining components of the Family Entertainment and Copyright Act, to finish off the work of the 108th Congress as we begin the 109th.  Title I of the bill contains the ``Artists'' Rights and Theft Prevention Act,'' better known as the ART Act. This provision passed the Senate as a standalone bill in June of 2004, and again as part of the FECA bill at the end of the last Congress. The bill will make important inroads in the fight against movie piracy by criminalizing the use of camcorders to pilfer movies from the big screen. It will also direct the Register of Copyrights to create a registry of pre-release works in order to better address the problem of movie-theft before these works are offered for legal distribution.  The next title of the bill is the Family Movie Act, which will preserve the rights of families to watch motion pictures in the manner they see fit. At the same time, the Act protects the rights of directors and copyright holders to maintain the artistic vision and integrity of their works. A version of this legislation passed the other chamber in September of 2004, and it passed the Senate as part of the FECA bill at the end of the 108th Congress.  Title III of the bill is the Film Preservation Act, legislation that I sponsored in the last Congress. A version of this bill, too, was part of the FECA bill that passed the Senate last Congress. The Film Preservation Act will allow the Library of Congress to continue its important work in preserving America's fading film treasures. The works preserved by this important program include silent-era films, avant-garde works, ethnic films, newsreels, and home movies that are in many ways more illuminating on the question of who we are as a society than the Hollywood sound features kept and preserved by major studios. What's more, the bill will assist libraries, museums, and archives in preserving films, and in making those works available to researchers and the public.  Finally, the bill contains the Preservation of Orphan Works Act. This provision corrects for a drafting error in the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act. Correction of this error will allow libraries to create copies of certain copyrighted works, such as films and musical compositions that are in the last 20 years of their copyright term, are no longer commercially exploited, and are not available at a reasonable price. Again, this provision ensures that copies of culturally-illuminating works are not lost to history.  Anytime we enact a package of legislation as large as the ``Family Entertainment and Copyright Act,'' building consensus is difficult. However, this is a chamber built on collegiality and compromise, and while I may have crafted specific components of this package differently, I believe that the final result we have achieved is one worthy of enactment. The components of this package have already passed the Senate at least once, and I have received assurances from the other chamber that the bill will receive swift consideration once it is approved in this body.  The legislative process is functioning well when we work with our colleagues across the aisle, and it is at its best when we work on a bipartisan basis with our friends in the other chamber. This bill has benefited from both. The agenda of the 109th Congress promises many issues that divide us, but this is not such a bill: It has garnered broad consensus, and I hope that we can finally move to swiftly enact it.  