President, I am pleased that the Senate is finally passing H.R. 3402, as amended--a carefully crafted, bipartisan, bicameral compromise to provide for the comprehensive reauthorization of both the Violence Against Women Act, VAWA, and the programs and authorities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Justice, DOJ. It has been a long time in coming.  I thank Senator Specter, the Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and Senators Biden and Kennedy for their hard work and steadfast support for crafting this compromise legislation. I want to especially recognize Senator Biden for his longstanding commitment to finding ways to help end violence against women and children, and his leadership in helping bring the Violence Against Women Act to the floor and in ensuring that its vital programs continue.  House Judiciary Committee Chairman Sensenbrenner and Ranking Member Conyers deserve much credit as well for working so closely with us in a bipartisan manner to pass legislation in the House of Representatives. It is no easy task to take two large legislative measures and combine them into a single bipartisan, bicameral agreement. That is exactly what we have done, and we have achieved this milestone because we had the willingness of everyone involved to negotiate in good faith to see VAWA and the Justice Department authorization bill ushered into law this year.  I would like to highlight several of the provisions of this bipartisan measure--a bill that combines the Violence Against Women Act, S. 1197, as passed by the Senate, and the Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act, for Fiscal Years 2006 through 2009, H.R. 3402, as passed by the House.  The enactment of the Violence Against Women Act more than a decade ago marked an important national commitment to survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault. I am proud to join Senators Biden, Hatch, Specter and others as an original cosponsor of our reauthorization effort. The bill that passed the Senate had 58 cosponsors. Enactment of this measure will further our goal of ending domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking.  Earlier in my career as a prosecutor in Vermont, I witnessed the devastating effects of domestic violence. Violence and abuse affect people of all walks of life, regardless of gender, race, culture, age, class or sexuality. Such violence is a crime and it is always wrong, whether the abuser is a family member, someone the victim is dating, a current or past spouse, boyfriend, or girlfriend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.  The National Crime Victimization Survey estimates there were 691,710 non-fatal, violent incidents committed against victims by current and former spouses, boyfriends or girlfriends--also known as intimate partners--during 2001. Of those incidents, 85 percent were against women. The rate of non-fatal intimate partner violence against women has fallen steadily since 1993, when the rate was 9.8 incidents per 1,000 people. In 2001, the number fell to 5.0 incidents per 1,000 people, nearly a 50 percent reduction, but still unacceptably high. Tragically, however, the survey found that 1,600 women were killed in 1976 by a current or former spouse or boyfriend, while in 2000 some1,247 women were killed by their intimate partners.  According to the annual Vermont Crime Report, the number of forcible rapes reported in Vermont rose in 2004 to the highest level in seven years, while the amount of violent crime remained unchanged and overall crime fell by about 5 percent from 2003. Reported incidents of rape rose by 58 percent, from 117 in 2003 to 185 in 2004. The average age of the victim was 21, and 47 percent of victims were younger than 18 years old. In 74 percent of the cases the perpetrator was an acquaintance of the victim, and in a quarter of the cases the defendant was a family member or intimate partner of the victim. In only 1 percent of the cases was the perpetrator a stranger. These figures in my home state raise significant concern because violent crime has declined nationwide during that same time period. Numbers like these are why reauthorizing VAWA is so vital.  Our Nation has made remarkable progress over the past 25 years in recognizing that domestic violence and sexual assault are crimes. We have responded with better laws, social support and coordinated community responses. But millions of women, men, children and families continue to be traumatized by abuse, leading to increased rates of crime, violence and suffering.  The Violence Against Women Act has provided aid to law enforcement officers and prosecutors, helped stem domestic violence and child abuse, established training programs for victim advocates and counselors, and trained probation and parole officers who work with released sex offenders. Now Congress has the opportunity to reauthorize VAWA and make improvements to vital core programs, tighten criminal penalties against domestic abusers, and create new solutions to other crucial aspects of domestic violence and sexual assault. This is an opportunity to help treat children victims of violence, augment health care for rape victims, hold repeat offenders and Internet stalkers accountable, and help domestic violence victims keep their jobs.  Included in this bill are reauthorizations of two programs I initially authored that are vital to helping rural communities battle domestic violence in a setting in which isolation can make it more difficult for both victims and law enforcement. In a small, rural state like Vermont, our county and local law enforcement agencies rely heavily on cooperative, interagency efforts to combat and solve significant problems. That is why I sought to include the Rural Domestic Violence and Child Victimization Enforcement Grant Program as part of the original VAWA. This program helps make services available to rural victims and children by encouraging community involvement in developing a coordinated response to combat domestic violence, dating violence and child abuse. Adequate resources combined with sustained commitment will bring about significant improvements in rural areas to the lives of those victimized by domestic and sexual violence.  The Rural Grants Program section of VAWA 2005 reauthorizes and expands the existing education, training and services grant programs that address violence against women in rural areas. This provision renews the rural VAWA program, extends direct grants to state and local governments for services in rural areas and expands areas to include community collaboration projects in rural areas and the creation or expansion of additional victim services. This provision includes new language that expands the program coverage to sexual assault, child sexual assault and stalking. It also expands eligibility from rural states to rural communities, increasing access to rural sections of otherwise highly populated states. This section authorizes $55,000,000 annually for 2006 through 2010, an increase of $15 million per year.  The second grant program initiative on which I have focused is the Transitional Housing Assistance Grants for Victims of Domestic Violence, Dating Violence, Sexual Assault or Stalking. This program, which became law as part of the PROTECT Act of 2003, authorizes grants for transitional housing and related services for people fleeing domestic violence, sexual assault or stalkers. At a time when the availability of affordable housing has sunk to record lows, transitional housing for victims is especially needed. Today more than 50 percent of homeless individuals are women and children fleeing domestic violence. We have a clear problem that is in dire need of a solution. This program is part of the solution.  Transitional housing allows women to bridge the gap between leaving violence in their homes and becoming self-sufficient. VAWA 2005 amends the existing transitional housing program by expanding the current direct-assistance grants to include funds for operational, capital and renovation costs. Other changes include providing services to victims of dating violence, sexual assault and stalking; extending the length of time for receipt of benefits to match that used by Housing and Urban Development transitional housing programs; and updating the existing program to reflect the concerns of the service provision community. The provision would increase the authorized funding for this grant program from $30,000,000, to $40,000,000.  The reauthorization of VAWA is an important part of our efforts to increase awareness of the problem of violence, to save the lives of battered women, rape victims and children who grow up with violence and to continue progress against the devastating tragedy of domestic violence. I look forward to seeing it signed into law and thus strengthen the prevention of violence against women and children and its devastating costs and consequences.  In the 107th Congress, we properly authorized appropriations for the entire Department of Justice for the first time since 1979. We had extended that authorization in 1980 and 1981, but until 2002 neither had Congress passed nor the President signed an authorization bill for the Department. In fact, there were a number of years in which Congress failed to consider any Department authorization bill. This 26-year failure to properly reauthorize the Department forced the Appropriations committees in both chambers to reauthorize and appropriate money.  We ceded the authorization power to the appropriators for too long, but in the 107th Congress Senator Hatch and I joined forces with House Judiciary Chairman Sensenbrenner and Ranking Member Conyers to create and pass bipartisan legislation that reaffirmed the authorizing authority and responsibility of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees--the ``21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act,'' Public Law 107-273. A new era of oversight began with that new charter for the Justice Department, with the Senate and House Judiciary Committees taking more-active new roles in setting the priorities and monitoring the operations of the Department of Justice, the FBI and other law enforcement agencies, and that bill helped our oversight duties in many ways. And, as we have learned in recent years, the fight against terrorism makes constructive oversight more important than ever before.  Earlier this year, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Sensenbrenner and Ranking Member Conyers authored and shepherded through the House of Representatives a new Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2006 through 2009, H.R. 3402. I commend both Chairman Sensenbrenner and Ranking Member Conyers for working in a bipartisan manner to pass that legislation in the House of Representatives. It is on that comprehensive authorization of the Justice Department that the bipartisan, bicameral compromise the Senate now considers was built.  The bill we are considering today not only authorizes appropriations for the Justice Department for fiscal years 2006 through 2009, but also provides permanent enabling authorities to allow the Department to efficiently carry out its mission, clarifies and harmonizes existing statutory authority, and repeals obsolete statutory authorities. It establishes certain reporting requirements and other mechanisms intended to better enable the Congress to oversee DOJ operations.  In addition to the important oversight tools provided in the bill, there are many additional sound provisions designed to improve the administration of programs within the Justice Department. For example, in Section 1111 we eliminate duplication by consolidatingthe Local Law Enforcement Block Grant, LLEBG, program and the Byrne Formula Grant Program into one program--the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program--with the same purposes and simplified administration. We authorize funding for this program at $1.095 billion in FY 2006, which is $678.5 million--or 62 percent--more than the actual amount appropriated, and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2009.  I am a longtime supporter of the Edward Byrne Memorial State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance Program and the LLEBG Program, both of which have been continuously targeted for elimination by this Administration. As a senator from a rural State that relies on these grants to combat crime, I have been concerned with the President's proposals for funding and program eliminations of these well-established grant programs. Our legislation makes clear that the same authorized funding levels and uses will be available under the new, consolidated grant program as under the previous ones.  When we began negotiations with the House on the Justice Department authorization portion of this package, I expressed to Congressman Sensenbrenner my concerns that a combination of the merger of and drastic funding cuts to these programs will cause smaller states to lose the assistance on which they rely to prevent and control crime and improve the criminal justice system. In rural states, the State Administering Agency and state agencies are the local criminal justice resources; they are more than just state level actors. Additionally, more often than not our rural States are ground zero for the rapidly increasing methamphetamine manufacturing and distribution. It is on Byrne funding that rural States and small towns rely to stem the scourge of methamphetamine.  Byrne funding is the backbone of counterdrug enforcement and prosecution efforts in Vermont. Over the years, Vermont has been able to support a broad spectrum of projects within corrections, courts, training, forensics, and domestic violence and victim services. Chances are none of these initiatives will be possible under the new Byrne program formula because of the drop in funding level and funding distribution method. Since FY 2004, after which the new formula was applied, Byrne funds to Vermont have dropped by more than $1.2 million, or 61 percent. Clearly, the Byrne program affords States and communities the ability to use funding for a variety of crime-fighting activities, but unfortunately not the means.  I appreciate the willingness of Congressman Sensenbrenner to work with me during our negotiations to find a solution to ease the loss of Byrne grants by small rural States during these tough fiscal times. The agreement we came to provides for reserved funds that allow the Attorney General to set aside up to 5 percent of the total amount made available for Byrne formula grants for States or local governments to combat, address or otherwise respond to precipitous or extraordinary increases in crime; or to prevent, compensate for or mitigate significant programmatic harm resulting from operation of the new Byrne formula.  We increase the authorization for grants to drug courts to $70 million for each of fiscal years 2007 and 2008. In addition, we provide for targeted technical assistance and training by the newly created Community Capacity Development Office to assist applicants in how to successfully pursue grants under the program, and to strengthen existing State drug court systems. Under that technical assistance and training, the Community Capacity Development Office will consider and respond to the unique needs of rural States, rural areas and rural communities that wish to implement and enhance drug court systems.  I am pleased that this compromise package provides an extension through 2009 for the Campbell-Leahy Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program, an existing matching grant program authorized at $50 million to help State, tribal, and local jurisdictions purchase armor vests for use by law enforcement officers.  Our former colleague, Senator Campbell, and I authored the Bulletproof Vest Grant Partnership Act of 1998 in response to the tragic Carl Drega shootout in 1997 on the Vermont-New Hampshire border, in which two State troopers who did not have bulletproof vests were killed. The Federal officers who responded to the scenes of the shooting spree were equipped with life-saving body armor, but the State and local law enforcement officers lacked protective vests because of the cost. Two years later, we successfully passed the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 2000, and in the closing days of the last Congress we again successfully extended the program's authorization through 2007 by including it in the State Justice Institute Reauthorization Act, Public Law 108-372.  Year after year, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program saves the lives of law enforcement officers nationwide by providing more help to State and local law enforcement agencies to purchase body armor. Since its inception in 1999, this highly successful DOJ program has provided law enforcement officers in 16,000 jurisdictions nationwide with nearly 350,000 new bulletproof vests. In Vermont, more than 150 municipalities have been fortunate to receive funding for the purchase of 1,400 vests. Without the Federal funding given by this program, I daresay there would be close to that number of police officers without vests in Vermont today.  We know that body armor saves lives, but the cost has put these vests out of the reach of many of the officers who need them. This program makes it more affordable for police departments of all sizes. Few things mean more to me than when I meet Vermont police officers and they tell me that the protective vests they wear were made possible because of this program. This is the least we should do for the officers on the front lines who put themselves in danger for us every day. I want to make sure that every police officer who needs a bulletproof vest gets one.  I am also pleased that we include a $4 million authorization for SEARCH's National Technical Assistance and Training Program. SEARCH is the only no-cost service for small- and medium-sized criminal justice agencies nationwide to assist them in enhancing and upgrading their information systems, building integrated information systems that all criminal justice agencies need, and ensuring compatibility between local systems and State, regional and national systems.  I thank my colleagues again for supporting the final passage of this compromise package so that all of this bipartisan and bicameral work, as well as all the good that this legislation will do, will reach the President's desk and become law. And again I particularly want to thank Senate Judiciary Chairman Specter and Senators Biden and Kennedy, who worked so hard to help construct a good, fair and balanced compromise. Likewise, I want to thank Chairman Sensenbrenner and Representative Conyers of the House Judiciary Committee for working with us to conclude these negotiations so successfully.  The staffs of these Members must also be recognized for their tireless work around the clock to bring so many pieces together into a winning package. In particular, the House Judiciary Committee staff has been enormously helpful, including Phil Kiko, Katy Crooks, Brian Benczkowski, George Fishman, Cindy Blackston, Perry Apelbaum, Sampak Garg, Stacey Dansky and Kristin Wells. The Senate Judiciary Committee staff has shown outstanding commitment to this legislation. I want to thank Mike O'Neill, Brett Tolman, Lisa Owings, Joe Jacquot, Juria Jones and Hannibal Kemerer with Chairman Specter; Louisa Terrell, Eric Rosen and Marcia Lee with Senator Biden; and Janice Kaguyutan and Christine Leonard with Senator Kennedy. Last, but by no means least, I want to commend members of my own staff--Bruce Cohen, Ed Pagano, Tara Magner, Matt Nelson and Jessica Berry--for their unfailing support for these provisions, and for their hard work in bringing this compromise package to the floor.  I look forward to both Senate and House passage of this bipartisan, bicameral package to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act and the Department of Justice. Mr. President, this is an important piece of legislation that will make a difference in the lives of millions of Americans, and it deserves our full support.  