 Mr. President, last night I spoke, praising the Senators on both sides of the aisle who came together to avert the so-called nuclear option. I see on the floor the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I think those Senators have made his and my work a lot easier. I also commend the distinguished Senator from Delaware for his comments.  This President, with the compliance of the Republican majority, has tried to push the Senate across an unprecedented threshold that would forever change and weaken this body. This move would have stripped the minority of the crucial rights that have been a hallmark of this chamber, and it would have fundamentally altered the brilliant system of checks and balances designed by the Founders.  This misguided bid for one-party rule, the nuclear option, has been deterred for now. This ill-advised power grab was thwarted through the work and commitment of a bipartisan group of 14 Senators who have prevented the Republican majority leader from pulling this potentially devastating trigger. Pursuant to that agreement, I expect a few Democrats who had previously voted against cloture on the Owen nomination in the last Congress to vote in favor of cloture today. I understand that they are taking this action to save the Senate from the nuclear option and to preserve the filibuster.  This Republican tactic put the protection of the rights of the minority in this chamber in serious risk. That protection is fundamental to the Senate and to the Senate's ability to act as a check and balance in our national government. That protection is essential if we are to protect the independence of the Judiciary and the Judiciary is to remain a protector of the rights of all Americans against the overreaching of the political branches.  I will continue to work in good faith, as I have always done, to fulfill the Senate's constitutionally-mandated role as a partner with the Executive branch in determining who will serve in the Judiciary. I urge all Senators to take these matters to heart and to redouble our efforts to invest our advice and consent responsibility with the seriousness and scrutiny it deserves. As I have said before, just as Democratic Senators alone could not avert the nuclear option, Democratic Senators alone cannot assure that the Senate fulfills its constitutional role with the check and balance on the Executive. I believe Republican Senators will also need to evaluate, with clear eyes, each of the President's nominees for fitness. If they have doubts about the suitability of a nominee to a lifetime judicial appointment, well, they can no longer look the other way and wait for Democratic Senators to save them from a difficult vote. And there will be a number of difficult votes on the horizon on a number of problematic nominees. There may be even more.  But I also remind everybody that while the Senate is supposed to serve as a check and balance, the whole process begins with the President. I have served here with six Presidents. Five of them have consulted with the Senate and worked with the Senate. President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, former President Bush, and President Clinton have done that. Frankly, if this President would work with Senators on both sides of the aisle to identify and nominate consensus choices, we can easily add to the tally of 208 confirmations. If the White House will take the view that the President should be a uniter and not a divider, then we can make significant progress.  The design of checks and balances envisioned by the Founders has served us well for over 200 years, and the agreement made last night has preserved it.Judicial nominations are for lifetime appointments to what has always been revered as an independent third branch of Government, one that while reliant on the balance between the executive and legislative branches, is actually controlled by neither.  For more than two centuries, these checks and balances have been the source of our Government's stability. It has been its hedge against tyranny. We have to preserve them in the interests of the American people. We do that so the courts can be fair and independent. We should not look at our Federal judiciary as being a Democratic judiciary or a Republican judiciary. It should be independent of all of us because they are the backstop to protect the rights of all Americans against encroachment by the Government. And all Americans have a stake in that, no matter who may control the Government at any given time.  The Senate remains available as a rudder that checks against abuse of power, and as a keel that defends the independence of the judiciary. As the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Byrd, noted last night, the Senate has answered the call sounded by Benjamin Franklin at the conclusion of the Constitutional Convention by preserving our democracy and our Republic, as the Senate has been called upon to do so many times before.  Now we have before us the controversial nomination of Priscilla Owen. I will probably speak to this nomination more after the cloture vote, the cloture vote which now is a foregone conclusion. For some reason we are still having it, but there is no question, of course, that the Senate will now invoke cloture.  Three years ago, after reviewing her record, hearing her testimony, and evaluating her answers, I voted against her confirmation, and I explained at length the strong case against confirmation of this nomination. Nothing about her record or the reasons that led me then to vote against confirmation has changed.  I believe she has shown herself over the last decade on the Texas Supreme Court to be an ends-oriented judicial activist, intent on reading her own policy views into the law. She has been the target of criticism by her conservative Republican colleagues on the court, in a variety of types of cases where the law did not fit her personal views, including in cases where she has consistently ruled for big business and corporate interests in cases against workers and consumers.  The conservative Republican majority of the Texas Supreme Court has gone out of its way to criticize her and the dissents she joined in ways that are highly unusual and in ways which highlight her ends-oriented activism.  In FM Properties v. City of Austin, the majority called her dissent ``nothing more than inflammatory rhetoric.''  In Montgomery Independent School District v. Davis, the majority, which included Alberto Gonzales and two other appointees of then-Governor George W. Bush, is quite explicit in its view that Justice Owen's position disregards the law and that ``the dissenting opinion's misconception . . . stems from its disregard of the procedural elements the Legislature established,'' and that the ``dissenting opinion not only disregards the procedural limitations in the statute but takes a position even more extreme than that argued for by the board. . . .''  In the case of In re Jane Doe, the majority includes an extremely unusual section explaining its view of the proper role of judges, admonishing the dissenters, including Justice Owen, for going beyond their duty to interpret the law in an attempt to fashion policy. In a separate concurrence, then-Justice Alberto Gonzales says that to construe the law as the dissent did ``would be an unconscionable act of judicial activism.''  I understand he now says that when he wrote that opinion he was not referring to her. I recognize why he is saying that. Of course, he has to defend not Governor Bush's appointment but now President Bush's nomination. But a fair reading of his concurring opinion leads me to see it as a criticism of the dissenters, including Justice Owen. And he admitted as much in published statements in the New York Times before Justice Owen's first hearing before the Judiciary Committee.  In the case of In re Jane Doe III, Justice Enoch writes specifically to rebuke Justice Owen and her fellow dissenters for misconstruing the legislature's definition of the sort of abuse that may occur when parents are notified of the minor's intent to have an abortion, saying:       Abuse is abuse; it is neither to be trifled with nor its      severity to be second guessed.  In Weiner v. Wasson, Priscilla Owen went out of her way to ignore Texas Supreme Court precedent to vote against a young man injured by a doctor's negligence. The young man was only 15 years old. Her conservative Republican colleagues on the court, led by then-Justice John Cornyn--now the junior Senator from Texas--lectured her about the importance of following that 12-year-old case and ruling in the boy's favor, calling the legal standard she proposed ``unworkable.''  In Collins v. Ison-Newsome, yet another case where Justice Owen joined a dissent criticized by the majority, the court was offended by the dissenters' arguments. The majority says the dissenters agree the court's jurisdiction is limited, ``but then argues for the exact opposite proposition. . . . This argument defies the Legislature's clear and express limits on our jurisdiction.''  These examples show a judge out of step with the conservative Republican majority of the Texas Supreme Court, a majority not afraid to explain the danger of Priscilla Owen's activist views.  Justice Owen has made other bad decisions where she skews her decisions to show bias against consumers, against victims, and against just plain ordinary people, as she rules in favor of big business and corporations. In fact, according to a study conducted last year by the Texas Watch Foundation, a nonprofit consumer protection organization in Texas, over the last 6 years, Priscilla Owen has not dissented once from a majority decision favoring business interests over victims, but has managed to differ from the majority and dissent in 22 of the 68 cases where the majority opinion was for the consumer.  As one reads case after case, her legal views in so many cases involving statutory interpretation simply cannot be reconciled with the plain meaning of the statute, the legislative intent, or the majority's interpretation.  This all leads to the conclusion that she sets out to justify a preconceived idea of what the law ought to mean. This is not an appropriate way for a judge to make decisions, but it is a way for a judge to make law from the bench--an activist judge.  Justice Owen's activism and extremism is noteworthy in a variety of cases, including those dealing with business interests, malpractice, access to public information, employment discrimination and Texas Supreme Court jurisdiction, in which she writes against individual plaintiffs time and time again, in seeming contradiction of the law as written. A few examples of this include:  FM Properties v. City of Austin, where Justice Owen showed her willingness to rule in favor of large private landowners against the clear public interest in maintaining a fair regulatory process and clean water. Her dissent, which the majority characterized as, ``nothing more than inflammatory rhetoric,'' was an attempt to favor big landowners. At her first hearing, and since, Justice Owen and her supporters on the Committee have tried to recast this case as something more innocent, but at the time she wrote her dissent, Justice Owen was certainly clear about the meaning of this case--property rights for corporations.  GTE Southwest, Inc. v. Bruce, is another example where Justice Owen wrote in favor of GTE in a lawsuit by employees for intentional infliction of emotional distress. Despite the majority's recitation of an exhaustive list of sickening behavior by the supervisor, and its clear application of Texas law to those facts, Justice Owen wrote a concurring opinion to explain that the conduct was not, as the standard requires, so outrageous in character, and so extreme in degree, as to go beyond all possible bounds of decency. The majority opinion shows Justice Owen's concurrence advocating a point of view that ignores the facts in evidence in order to reach a predetermined outcome in the corporation's favor.  City of Garland v. Dallas Morning News, Justice Owen dissented from a majority opinion and, again, it is difficult to justify her views other than asbased on a desire to reach a particular outcome. In this case, she seeks to shield government decision-making from public view.  Quantum Chemical v. Toennies, another troubling case where Justice Owen joined a dissent advocating an activist interpretation of a clearly written statute, this time in the context of employment discrimination. The majority concluded that they must rely on the plain language of the statute as amended, which could not be any clearer that under Title VII discrimination can be shown to be a motivating factor, contrary to Justice Owen's more activist view.  Mr. President, I said time and time again that when somebody walks into a Federal court, they should not have to say, I may be treated one way because I am a Republican and a different way because I am a Democrat, or one way because I am a plaintiff and a different way because I am a defendant, or one way because I am rich, and a different way because I am poor. They should be treated on the merits of the case, no matter who they are.  In Priscilla Owen's case, it was almost predetermined how she would rule based upon who you are. The rich and powerful are protected. The poor or those hurt by the rich and powerful--she is going to rule against you. This is judicial activism.  After all these years, I am sure the President will get the votes to put Priscilla Owen on the court. But would it not have been better to have nominated somebody who would unite us and not divide us?  Last night, 14 Senators--7 Republicans and 7 Democrats--said: We will protect the Senate, actually protect the Constitution, protect advice and consent, and protect the checks and balances by giving the death knell to this so-called nuclear option. That was a good first step. But I urge the President to look at what was also said in that agreement. They called upon the President to now finally work with Senators from both parties in these lifetime appointments. No political party should own our Federal courts. In fact, no political party should be able to control our Federal courts. Let us work together to have courts that actually work, that are independent of the executive, independent of being swayed, and are truly independent. We can do that and call on the President to do what every President since I have been here--the five before him--has always done, and that is work with both Republicans and Democrats, work to unite us, not divide us.  