What they come back to again and again is his inspirational life story. Having an Hispanic American serve as Attorney General is overdue and something to which I look forward. Having an African American serve as Attorney General is, likewise, overdue. In his letter to the Judiciary Committee, retired Major General Melvyn Montano may have said it best: ``Judge Gonzales should be evaluated on his record, not his ethnicity.''  At particular moments in our history, the Senate at its best can be the conscience of the Nation. The history books and our children and grandchildren will look back on these times and make their own judgments about how worthily the Senate has served that role as we confront any number of difficult issues in these challenging times. But I do believe that, whatever the outcome of this confirmation proceeding, it is worthy of the Senate that we at least held this debate. It is worthy of the Senate that these issues were deemed important enough to discuss for several days on the floor of the United States Senate. To have wished them away or to have just glossed over them would have been a disservice not only to today's generations of Americans, in and out of uniform, but also to tomorrow's generations of Americans. And it would have been a disservice to the Senate that we all so deeply respect.  I have deeply believed that it should concern the Senate that we have seen departures from our country's honorable traditions, practices, and established law in the use of torture, originating at the top ranks of authority and emerging at the bottom. At the bottom of the chain of command, we have seen a few courts-martial, but at the top we have seen medal ceremonies, pats on the back, and promotions.  At his recent inaugural address, I praised President Bush for his eloquent words about our country's historic support for freedom. But to be true to that vision, we need a government that leads the way in upholding human rights, not one secretly developing legalistic rationalizations for circumventing them. We need to climb our way back to the high moral ground that has distinguished our great country and that has been an inspiration to the whole world.  Members of the Senate have a solemn obligation to uphold the law and the Constitution. Each of us has to decide whether the nominee has the sound judgment and the independence required to be Attorney General. I would have been willing to vote for Judge Gonzales in a number of different positions of Government, but not in this one. I wish we could vote for his life story and not for the actual record. Unfortunately, we are voting on the record. I ask each Senator to consider it.  I know that each will consult his or her conscience in reaching a decision, and that is in keeping with the best traditions of the Senate.  If I have time remaining, I yield it back.  