I commend our lead sponsors Senators DeWine and Kohl.  I wish that we could have considered and passed this bill, S. 555, on its own. This bill passed out of the Judiciary Committee with overwhelming support earlier this year. I have repeatedly called for its consideration by the Senate over the last several months.  In the face of crude oil prices over $55 a barrel and gas prices at historic and sustained high levels, and in the face of determined inaction by the WhiteHouse, we must seize whatever opportunity presents itself.  It is long past time for the Congress to hold OPEC accountable for its anticompetitive behavior. This amendment will prevent the U.S. from being at the mercy of the OPEC cartel by making them subject to our antitrust laws. It will allow the Federal Government to take legal action against any foreign state, including members of OPEC, for price fixing and other anticompetitive activities.  In March of 2004, more than a year ago, I wrote Senator Hatch to request a hearing about the skyrocketing cost of gasoline. In that letter, I raised concerns that this increase was largely due to market manipulation by OPEC, and I cited the high average price for a gallon of gasoline, which at the time was around $1.74. Many of us would today consider that price a bargain, having been forced to pay over $2.00, and even more this year. At that hearing, witnesses told us what we had suspected to be true: The price of crude oil, determined by OPEC's artificial production quotas, is the factor that most explains the price Americans pay at the pump.  The artificial pricing scheme enforced by OPEC affects all of us. This week, Vermonters were paying $2.10 for a gallon of regular gasoline, just three cents below the national average. These prices affect everyone. Higher fuel prices can add thousands of dollars in yearly costs to a 100-head dairy operation in the Northeast. And as our summer months approach, many families are going to find that OPEC has put an expensive crimp in their plans. Some are likely to stay home--others will pay more to drive or to fly so that they can visit their families or take their well-deserved vacations.  Rising interest rates are also adding to the burden felt by working Americans. Pension insecurity is another catastrophe for some and a looming specter for too many others. Millions of Americans who trusted that the pensions they were promised by their employers would be there for them when they retired are being shocked by rulings in bankruptcy cases that let their employers off the hook and turn their pension security into a hollow promise.  Congress needs to do more. The administration needs to do more. Authorizing action against illegal oil price fixing and taking that action without delay is one thing we can do without additional obstruction or delay.  Last month, as some Republicans were pushing this body to the brink of the so-called nuclear option, Americans were thinking not about the handful of controversial judicial nominees on which the Senate was fixated, but about the pinch they feel at the pump every time they fill up their cars. A survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press showed that Americans were following news about gasoline prices more closely than any other story, including the ongoing conflict in Iraq. It is long passed the time for walking hand-in-hand with Saudi princes and exchanging kisses with those who are responsible for the artificially high prices that are gouging American working families at the pump.  The President's solution to high gasoline prices this summer is to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, pristine wilderness area, to oil drilling. The only catch is drilling in ANWR will not provide any new oil for at least 7 to 12 years. ANWR drilling will do absolutely nothing to help my constituents who have sticker shock at the gas pump or will be facing record-high home heating prices in a few months.  This amendment will provide law enforcement with the tools necessary to fight OPEC's anticompetitive practices immediately, and help reduce gasoline prices now, rather than waiting for another decade.  Again, I am pleased to support this amendment and urge my colleagues to maintain it in the final version of the bill. After the years of Judiciary consideration, including a hearing on this topic, after twice reporting the measure to the Senate, it is time for Senators to finally say ``no'' to OPEC.  