I have colleagues on this side of the aisle who wish to speak during the hour.  I hear so many of the statements on the other side speak of Judge Gonzales's personality, his upbringing, and his inspirational life story. If we were just voting on his personality, his upbringing, and his life story, I would vote for him with wholehearted support. However, we are not voting on the life, we are voting on the record. It is an enormous difference. Equally important, we are not voting on an Attorney General to serve only the President, we are voting on the Attorney General for the United States.  So many of the supporters of Judge Gonzales have said that they abhor the idea of torture. They say that they believe the Bybee memo was wrong. They say that these policies are wrong.  Of course they are wrong, but these are the policies that were held in place by the administration for as long as they remained secret. The Bybee memo was sought by Judge Gonzales. It was agreed to by him. He apparently still takes the position that there are circumstances where the President of the United States is above the law.  I don't want someone to serve as Attorney General who will be a good soldier for the President. I would have said the same thing, whether it was a Democratic President or Republican President. I want someone for Attorney General who will be independent, who will give the best possible advice and protect the rights of all of Americans.  I am the parent of a former Marine. My son has now fulfilled his duty for the Marines, but if he were serving, I would worry for him as I worry for all the thousands of men and women serving overseas. The torture policies of this administration did nothing to enhance the security of our Americans fighting bravely. In fact, the policies put soldiers and civilians in greater danger.  The truth is that the Bybee memo was disavowed only when the press found out about it. Unfortunately, the people at the center of the development of these policies, who could have disavowed the memo upon its publication, who could have stopped it, including Judge Gonzales, did nothing.  I see the distinguished Senator from Louisiana and the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island. I don't know which one seeks recognition, but I yield the floor.  