President, this week, as we celebrate our Constitution's 218th anniversary, we are nearing the exercise of one of the Senate's most solemn constitutional requirements and responsibilities. Few decisions the Senate faces are as consequential and enduring as when the Senate decides whether to confirm, by giving its consent, the nomination of a justice--of course, even more so when the nomination is for Chief Justice of the United States.  The Supreme Court is different from the lower courts. The Supreme Court is the only Federal court required by the Constitution itself. Actually, the Chief Justice is the only member of the Court expressly named in the Constitution. All other courts are bound by the decisions of the Supreme Court. Its decisions are final. They are unappealable. Only the Supreme Court can modify or overrule its precedents. Its power is enormous. The role of the Chief Justice is to lead not only that all-powerful Court but the entire third branch of Government. We have had 43 Presidents in this country, but we have had only 16 Chief Justices--all appointed for life.  The distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Byrd, whose passionate advocacy established our Constitution Day commemoration, describes the Constitution very accurately as the soul of our Nation. The Senate's advice and consent responsibilities are at the core of this body's vital role in our Republic.  This week, we commemorate our Constitution in a time of great challenges, and we are reminded again how resilient our Constitution is in empowering our Nation to meet each era's challenges. The carefully calibrated checks and balances within our Constitution are essential to that. No branch of Government is intended to be the rubberstamp of another branch.  Each day, Americans are fighting and dying in Iraq. Hundreds of thousands of Americans have been displaced by disasters here at home. Four years after 9/11, with public confidence shattered, we have to embark on a review of why we are still not prepared to respond to a terrorist attack or foreseen natural disasters.  The cost of energy--gas and home heating fuels--continues to climb to all-time highs, adding to the cost of other goods. The administration is suspending environmental and worker protections. Poverty and the disparities of opportunity between races and classes continue their insidious rise each year. After having seen recent years of budget surpluses, now the country's budget deficits are at previously unheard of levels--between $300 billion and $400 billion a year. Our national debt is at $8 trillion--8,000 billion dollars--that is a profligate amount. It can only be paid off by our children and our grandchildren.  So Americans need to know their constitutional rights will be protected, that their Government is on their side, and that the courts will be a place of refuge, stability, independence, and justice.  The nomination of Judge John Roberts to be Chief Justice of the United States presents a close question and one that each Senator must carefully weigh and decide. This is a question that holds serious consequences for all Americans today and for generations to come. I have approached this nomination with an open mind, as I do all judicial nominations. There is no entitlement to confirmation for lifetimeappointments on any court for any nomination by any President, Democratic or Republican.  I have served in the Senate for slightly over three decades, and on the Judiciary Committee for most of that time. I take my constitutional responsibility with respect to advice and consent seriously. I am 1 vote out of 100, but I recognize those 100 of us privileged to serve in the Senate are entrusted with protecting the rights of 280 million of our fellow citizens. We stand in their shoes. We and the President are the ones with a vote in the choice of the Chief Justice of the United States.  With this vote, I do not intend to lend my support to an effort by this President to move the Supreme Court and the law dramatically to the right. Above all, balance and moderation on the Court are crucial. I want all Americans to know the Supreme Court will protect their rights and respect the authority of Congress to act in their interests. I want a Supreme Court that acts in its finest tradition as a source of justice. The Supreme Court must be an institution where the Bill of Rights and human dignity are honored.  I have voted for the vast majority of President Ford's, President Carter's, President Reagan's, President George H.W. Bush's, President Clinton's, and President George W. Bush's judicial nominees. I have drawn the line only at those nominees who were among the most ideologically extreme who came to us in the mode of activists. That is what they were intended to be. That is the way they were described. That is the way they came to us. In those cases, the President opted not to seek moderate candidates. I think some of these extreme choices were sent here to politicize the process and did so to a greater extent than I had previously seen in my 31 years in the Senate.  I have not reflexively opposed Republican nominees or conservative judicial nominees nominated by Republican Presidents. In fact, I recommended a Republican to President Clinton to fill Vermont's seat on the Second Circuit, Judge Fred Parker. I recommended another Republican, Judge Peter Hall, to President Bush to fill that seat after Judge Parker's death.  I voted for President Reagan's nominations of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and Justice Anthony Kennedy, and for President Bush's nomination of Justice Souter.  Unfortunately, this President has said he approached this matter as if fulfilling a campaign pledge to appoint someone in the mold of Justice Thomas and Justice Scalia. I voted against confirmation of Justice Thomas. I voted for Justice Scalia, and I now question that vote, as many of those who voted for him do today. If I thought Judge Roberts would easily reject precedent in the manner of Justice Thomas or would use his position on the Supreme Court as a bulwark for activism in the manner of Justice Scalia, then I would not hesitate to vote no. If I were convinced he would undercut fundamental rights of privacy or equal protection, this would not even be a close question.  I want to vote for a Chief Justice of the United States who I am confident has a judicial philosophy that appreciates the vital role of the judiciary in protecting the rights and liberties of all Americans. Chief Justice Marshall understood the essential function of the judiciary as a check on Presidential power. Under his leadership, the Constitution's guarantee of an independent judiciary and the bedrock principle of judicial review became realities. But Chief Justice Roger Taney, who everybody said was a brilliant lawyer, led the Court in a different and destructive direction. He authored the Dred Scott decision which propelled the States toward Civil War by relying only on technical reasoning and an unjust holding that denied all African Americans the status of citizens.  Contrast that with Chief Justice Earl Warren. He led the Supreme Court and the Nation in a crowning achievement when he forged the unanimous decision in Brown v. Board of Education and breathed life into the equal protection guarantee of the 14th amendment and put a stop to segregation in this country, which will always be a blot on our national conscience.  The President has asked that this nomination be handled with fairness and dignity. No matter how we vote, the Judiciary Committee has met those standards. Our committee held a hearing on the merits. I worked with the chairman to expedite the committee's consideration of the nomination of John Roberts to the Supreme Court out of respect to Justice O'Connor and the work of the Court.  Fewer than 36 hours after the announcement of the passing of Chief Justice Rehnquist and during the horrific aftermath in the week following Hurricane Katrina, the President withdrew that nomination to be Associate Justice. Thereafter, we were sent this alternative nomination for Judge John Roberts to become the Chief Justice of the United States. Again, I cooperated with Chairman Specter in an accelerated consideration of this nomination.  I wish we had had as much cooperation coming from the administration. Although we started off well with some early efforts at consultation after Justice O'Connor's retirement announcement in early July, that consultation never blossomed into meaningful discussions. It was truncated after a bipartisan meeting with Senate leaders at the White House. The President did not share his thinking with us or his plans, although that would be the nature of true consultation. His naming of Judge Roberts as his choice to replace Justice O'Connor came as a surprise, not as something that came resulted from meaningful consultation.  He then preemptively announced that he decided to withdraw that nomination and, instead, nominated Judge Roberts to succeed Chief Justice Rehnquist. He did so at 8 a.m. on the Monday morning following the announcement on the previous Saturday night of the Chief's passing. There could and should have been consultation with the Senate on the nomination of somebody to succeed Chief Justice Rehnquist and to serve as the 17th Chief Justice of the United States. For that position as Chief Justice there was no consultation. In fact, I learned about the President's decision shortly before his televised announcement Monday morning.  I think the administration committed another disservice to this nomination and, especially to this nominee, by withholding information that has traditionally been shared with the Senate. The administration treated Senators' requests for information with little respect. Instead, for the first time in my memory, they grafted exceptions from the Freedom of Information Act to limit their response to legitimate requests from Senators for information.  In fact, they stonewalled entirely the narrowly tailored request for work papers from 16 of the cases John Roberts handled when he was the principal deputy to Kenneth Starr at the Solicitor General's office during the President's father's administration. The precedent from Chief Justice Rehnquist's hearing and others, of course, goes the other way.  Previous Presidents have paid the appropriate respect and acknowledgment to the Senate and to the constitutional process by working with the committee to provide such materials. Accordingly, it is understandable if a Senator were to vote against the President's nomination on this basis alone.  I must also say that some of my friends on the other side of the aisle disserved the confirmation process by urging the nominee not to answer questions or reveal his judicial philosophy during the course of the hearing. One notable exception was the chairman of the committee. I appreciate Senator Specter's commitment to the role of the Senate and his taking our duty to advise and consent as seriously as it deserves to be taken. Regrettably, many of the answers of the nominee seemed to take to heart the bad advice that he had heard from the other side.  Finally, I believe the nominee disserved himself by following the script that he developed while serving in the Reagan administration. He and this administration rejected the spirit of Attorney General Jackson's opinion that with respect to Senate consideration of nominations, no person shall be submitted ``whose entire history will not stand light.'' The nominee took a narrow judicial ethics rule correctly limiting what a judge or judicial nominee should say about a particular case--I agree with him on that--and turned it into a broad excuse from comments on any issue that might arise at any time, in any case. He apparently rejected the Supreme Court'sholding in 2002, in Republican Party of Minnesota v. White, in which Justice Scalia held that a State canon limiting judicial candidates from announcing their views on legal and political issues was unconstitutional.  By contrast, however, the public witnesses who appeared last Thursday were extraordinarily helpful in underscoring what is at stake for all Americans with this decision. No one who heard Congressman John Lewis, Wade Henderson, and Judge Nathaniel Jones can doubt the fundamental importance of our refusal to retreat from our Nation's commitment to civil rights. This Nation can never retreat from that commitment to civil rights or we fail as a nation.  The testimony of Coach Roderick Jackson and Beverly Jones reminded us how courageous Americans are still opening doors and going to our courts to right wrongs. The testimony of Anne Marie Talman of MALDEF reflected what is at stake when alien children are denied education and benefits that should be available to every child in America.  We had a dignified and fair process. Again, I commend Chairman Specter and those members of the committee on both sides of the aisle who did not prejudge the matter and who did not seek to politicize the process.  The hearings did provide the committee with some information. I was encouraged by Judge Roberts' answer to my question about providing the fifth vote needed to stay an execution when four other justices vote to review a capital case. That has not always been the practice of late. He was right to recognize the illogic--if not the injustice--of having the necessary votes to review the case but lacking the necessary vote to allow that review to take place, especially a review that takes place when someone's life is in the balance.  I hope the nominee will take up our suggestion to allow greater access to the Supreme Court's proceedings by authorizing their being televised. I will work with him and Chairman Specter and Senator Grassley to increase transparency in the work of the increasingly important FISA court. This is the foreign intelligence surveillance court that acts in secret, with very little oversight--certainly precious little oversight in the past few years--from the Senate. Only recently have we begun to ask the questions we should have been asking.  I also urge him to consider ways to decentralize the power accumulated to the Chief Justice so that the Judicial Conference, the circuit courts, and others can do more. I encourage him to reform the recusal procedures and conflict-of-interest protections at all levels of the judiciary but in particular with regard to the Supreme Court itself. Perhaps what many have said were his own missteps in connection with his interviewing for this nomination during its consideration of the Hamdan case will inspire him to greater efforts in this important regard.  As a young man, Judge Roberts clerked for Judge Henry Friendly of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. That is my circuit, a circuit I have been proud to argue before. The Second Circuit has been home to a number of leading judicial lights; certainly, Henry Friendly was among them. I hope he is going to be faithful to Judge Friendly's fairness and thoughtfulness, something all of us in that circuit respected.  I made no secret of my concerns about this nomination. In advance of the hearing, I met twice with Judge Roberts, and for nearly 3 hours in all I raised my concerns. I provided him additional opportunities to respond during the hearing. This is not a case of ``gotcha.'' This is a case of finding out how he thinks and who he is.  I told him I was concerned that he would not act as an effective check on the abuse of presidential power. Judge Roberts' work in the Reagan and Bush Justice Departments, as well as his former period in the Reagan White House, seems to have led him to a philosophy of significant deference to presidential authority. It is exhibited in his recent decisions in the Hamdan, Acree, and Chao cases, among others. Maybe this deference was a principal basis on which the President chose him. None of us know.  But I did learn other things. I learned, throughout the process, that Judge Roberts and I share admiration for Justice Robert Jackson. Justice Jackson's protection of fundamental rights, including unpopular speech under the first amendment--of course, popular speech never needs protection; it is the unpopular speech that needs protection--and his willingness to serve as a check on presidential authority are among the finest actions by any Justice in our history.  