President, I am a strong supporter of this bill, and I am pleased to again work with Senator DeWine to help ensure that our government discloses what it knows about Nazi war criminals and their counterparts in the Japanese Imperial Government.  We passed the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act in 1998, and I had the opportunity to work on the bill in the Judiciary Committee. The act required U.S. Government agencies to disclose documents in its possession that related to Nazi war criminals and was later expanded to cover the Japanese Government. Congress took care to respect legitimate national security concerns, including exemptions to allow agencies to withhold documents under a variety of circumstances, provided they reported such withholding promptly to the relevant committees.  The act also established the Interagency Working Group, IWG, to study and report on the documents held by government agencies. Through no fault of its own, the IWG has not been able to complete its work, and the legislation before us today would extend its life for an additional 2 years.  President Clinton instructed agencies to comply fully and rapidly with the act. Most have done so. The Central Intelligence Agency, however, has until recently insisted on a cramped interpretation of the statute that did not accord with congressional intent. The CIA's approach if left unquestioned would have denied researchers and the American people a complete accounting of U.S. Government information about Nazi war criminals.  The plain reading of the act says that if the CIA, or any other agency, possesses documents relating to war criminals, all such documents must be disclosed unless a specific statutory exemption applies. I understand that the FBI, the Army, and other agencies covered by the law adopted that interpretation. The CIA, however, took the position that it must disclose only those documents directly relating to the individual's criminality.  In recent weeks, however, under the continued prodding of Senator DeWine and the public members of the IWG, the CIA has agreed to revise its interpretation of the law and provide the IWG with the additional documentation it has sought. Richard Ben-Veniste, Elizabeth Holtzman, and Tom Baer, the public members, deserve our thanks for their persistent efforts to uncover the whole truth about the criminals of World War II that is contained in U.S. Government files.  In addition to providing additional information, the CIA must also comply with its obligation under the act to report to the Senate Judiciary Committee and the House Government Reform Committee whenever it invokes an exemption to avoid disclosing documents. Seven years after enactment, we have yet to receive any such report from the CIA, even as it declined to disclose a number of documents sought by the IWG.  The enactment of this law was an important victory for openness in government, and it is critical that all agencies offer full compliance. I have been a strong supporter of the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, throughout my service in the Senate, and in fact worked to ensure that the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act would not inadvertently reduce agencies' ordinary obligations under FOIA.  The actions of this body today are a welcome departure from our sometimes complacent attitude toward secrecy. Indeed, I believe this Congress has been all too willing to accept the secretive ways of the Bush administration. The Bush White House has conducted its policymaking behind closed doors to an unprecedented degree, from the energy task force to the construction of the legal regime that would govern the war on terror. When we have sought to exercise our oversight responsibilities, we have frequently been stonewalled.  This stonewalling is most apparent in the administration's refusal to disclose information about the abuse of detainees in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Guantanamo Bay. Nearly 10 months after the world learned of the atrocities at Abu Ghraib, those of us in the Congress who strongly believe that oversight and accountability are paramount to restoring America's reputation as a human rights leader remain stymied in our efforts to learn the full truth about how this administration's policies trickled down from offices in Washington to cellblocks in Abu Ghraib.  We know that the CIA is reluctant to provide documents related to Nazi war criminals that are 50 years old and older. How can we expect the same agency to willingly disclose information that might implicate its own agents for recent violations of international law? The administration contends that the prisoner abuse scandal has been fully investigated, yet we continue to learn about new abuses in the press. Several reports, including a recent article by Jane Mayer in The New Yorker, detail the CIA's use of extraordinary rendition to transfer terrorism suspects in U.S. custody to the custody of countries where they are likely to be tortured, a practice expressly prohibited by international law. Other recent reports describe how female interrogators at Guantanamo repeatedly used sexually suggestive tactics to try to humiliate Muslim prisoners. To fully understand this sad chapter in our Nation's history, there needs to be an independent investigation of the actions of those involved, from the people who committed abuses to the officials who set these policies in motion.  Even without an independent investigation, we know the genesis of this scandal began in Washington, not Abu Ghraib. Based on flawed legal reasoning that was contrary to the advice of the State Department and military lawyers, the President determined more than 3 years ago that suspected members of al-Qaida were not entitled to any protections under the Geneva Conventions. Unfortunately, this decision traveled down the chain of command and led to the abuses we have seen in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Guantanamo Bay.  The President's decision to deny suspected terrorists Geneva Conventions protections is particularly relevant as we discuss the Nazi War Crimes Act. It was in August 1949, in response to the Nazi atrocities committed during World War II, that the international community adopted the Geneva Convention on Rules of War. The United States and most other nations of the world ratified the Conventions to ensure that, even in times of war, all nations would be bound by the rule of law. More than fifty years later, we must now investigate our Nation's failure to remain committed to these laws.  Finally, as we discuss the commission of war crimes from the World War II era, I would like to note the passage in December of the Anti-Atrocity Alien Deportation Act, which was included in the National Intelligence Reform Act. This law, which has already been employed to bring removal proceedings against a former Ethiopian government official who has been convicted of torture there, expands the grounds under which we can deport or deny entry to those who have engaged in war crimes and other serious violations of human rights abroad. I began introducing this bill in 1999, but it was only in 2004 that we were finally able to overcome the opposition of some House Judiciary Committee Republicans, with the great help of the lead sponsor of the House companion bill, Representative Mark Foley of Florida.  I support the extension and full compliance with the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act.  