 This legislation is necessary. Even before we had a foreclosure crisis, hundreds of thousands of Americans--millions--did not have decent, affordable housing. So this is not something that is a temporary fix to the mortgage crisis; this is long-term solution aimed at addressing a long-term problem of not having enough affordable housing in this country. It is absolutely necessary.  The Bond amendment would essentially say: Well, yes, you can have a housing trust fund, but we are not going to fund it because the funding mechanism comes from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Oh, by the way, you can create a home ownership protection program, but the first 3 years of affordable housing trust fund monies won't be available to help pay for it, which was how we dealt with the objection of Senator Shelby and many others that we not use public funds to help with the foreclosure problem.  This is a way in which we can accommodate many objectives: helping people facing foreclosure without using public funds and in the long term creating a permanent, affordable housing trust fund. There is no place in this country--none of my colleagues have places--where the constituents are not coming up and saying we need help with affordable housing. The rent is going up. We can't afford it. We are on the street. Please help us. That problem will not expire when this foreclosure crisis is over.  Let me also say I think it is entirely appropriate that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac participate. They were chartered originally as quasi public entities. They have--we have given them and we continue to give them--affordable housing responsibilities. That is part of their mission, part of their mandate. Some would say: Well, listen, if that is the case, let them decide what they want to do. We spent years creating this affordable housing program. One of the criticisms of this program was that if you gave Fannie and Freddie control of the money or required them to spend in a certain way, it would become politicized. They would pick winners and losers not based upon needs in certain parts of the country but based on political advantage. That was a criticism that was advanced most strenuously by my Republican colleagues. So we have created an affordable housing program, part of which is lodged at Treasury and part of which is lodged at HUD.  If the Bond amendment is adopted, we are giving up the last chance we have for an affordable housing trust fund in this country, the last major chance. I urge opposition.  