President, I am dismayed by the turn of events that have occurred this evening.  Our Nation faces economic conditions not seen in decades. By preventing action tonight on a plan to give the auto industry a chance to turn itself around, the minority is playing with fire.  The jobs of countless workers, including thousands in Rhode Island, are on the line, at a time when we can ill afford more losses. Moreover, these companies going into bankruptcy could be far more costly to the federal government. And, as economist Mark Zandi testified before the Senate Banking Committee last week, if these companies are forced into bankruptcy proceedings, it would have a cataclysmic effect on our already fragile economy.  The bill that Chairman Dodd and my other colleagues worked on diligently had the potential to give the industry a chance to put its house in order while preserving jobs and protecting the taxpayers. I regret we did not have a chance to proceed to this measure, engage in vigorous debate, and make a judgment on the merits.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I have been very vocal in my support of the U.S. auto industry and have gone on the record saying that we need to do whatever is necessary to help the auto industry become strong and economically viable. But we need to be realistic and fiscally responsible in our approach to the troubles facing this and other industries. I cannot support the proposal before us today. We simply cannot leave the American taxpayer with a tab of tens of billions of dollars without some serious concessions from the industry and some assurance of the domestic auto manufacturers' long-term viability, otherwise, we are justthrowing good taxpayer money after bad business decisions.  I have great faith in the skills, energy and ingenuity of the American auto worker. This crisis is not their fault. I am committed to making sure that U.S. auto workers are not left to fend for themselves. Ours is the finest workforce in the world, able to compete with anyone. I stand ready to ensure that Washington does its job so they can do theirs.  But simply throwing money at the industry is not the way to ensure its long-term viability or to help stabilize our economy. As we all have learned in the past few weeks, the domestic auto manufacturers are in much worse shape than we could even imagine, with one company, GM, announcing they may not survive through this year without Federal help. But why is it that Toyota sells approximately the same number of cars that GM does and is profitable?  Clearly, the automakers will need to change dramatically the way they do business if they hope to be on course for long-term profitability. Rather than seeking an unconditional handout from the taxpayer, industry leaders must first consider how they can restructure their business models in order to fix the problem themselves and build more competitive products--including changes in management, renegotiating labor agreements, and reorganizing under the bankruptcy process. And, they should have been doing so months, if not years, ago. And if the bankruptcy laws need to be changed, then the Congress should do that.  The automakers need to prove to Congress and the American people that they are serious about making the changes necessary to ensure their long-term success before they seek further assistance from the taxpayer. As noted Harvard University economics professor Martin Feldstein wrote: ``the goal of restructuring should not just be to require the companies to make cars that are fuel-efficient and more environmentally sound . . . although that can be included in the government's list of requirements. The goal should be to put companies on a course that will allow them to survive for the long term, producing cars and creating jobs.'' I fully agree with Professor Feldstein.  The auto industry executives, as well as many of my colleagues, have argued that bankruptcy is not an option. But given what we now know about their financial situation, why not? Shouldn't we be considering every option possible to allow these companies to restructure their operations so they can keep people employed? Chapter 11 bankruptcy was created precisely for the situation in which these automakers find themselves--where creditors' claims exceed a company's assets. It may be the best option. The executives leading these companies have an obligation to their shareholders and employees to weigh carefully that viable option.  After all, filing for bankruptcy forces a company to make some very difficult choices and the automakers would be no exception. The automakers would be forced to renegotiate collective bargaining agreements to make themselves more competitive, to eliminate some dealership networks and car models that are underperforming, and to make other difficult cost cutting decisions regarding real estate, management compensation, personnel, and even office supplies. It seems these companies may only make these difficult decisions if they file for bankruptcy.  Additionally, bankruptcy would allow the cost cutting process to proceed without any political interference from Congress or special interests. If Congress provides a bailout for these companies, there is no doubt that legislators will weigh in when the automakers attempt to renegotiate labor agreements, trim dealerships in a lawmaker's home State or eliminate a car model manufactured in a lawmaker's district. Bankruptcy will allow these decisions to be made purely based on financial considerations and under the supervision of a bankruptcy judge. Many corporations have filed for bankruptcy and emerged better equipped to serve consumers and face their competitors. Bankruptcy is not an option that should just be written off.  Now, I would like to mention some of my specific concerns about the pending proposal, negotiated by the Democrats and the White House.  My first concern I have already discussed, the fact that the taxpayers are asked to foot the bill upfront, almost as a first downpayment, without concessions or assurances of the industry's future viability.  Another troubling aspect of this bill rests with the so-called ``Car Czar.'' Will this individual have the authority to invalidate contracts legally entered into by these companies? What in this legislation would prevent lawsuits from being filed due to nullified contracts? What is to prevent the next President, or the one after that, from firing this car czar if he or she disagrees with what the car czar seeks to impose? And what in the bill gives the American people any assurances that the companies or the car czar won't enter into other obligations that ultimately cost taxpayers even more money?  I fully agree that if we are to going to provide a single taxpayer dollar to this industry there must be very strict oversight in order to protect the public's investment. Unfortunately, while this bill gives the President's designee some oversight authority, it has no real teeth. The person appointed by the President would have no real authority to insist on the fundamental changes necessary to promote the corporations' viability and protect the taxpayer's investment. If we are going to hand over billions and billions of taxpayer dollars, we should at least consider requiring Senate confirmation of an individual with proven business leadership skills who will serve for a defined period of time. This would remove the possibility of the designee falling victim to the political pressure often felt by those who serve at the pleasure of the President--allowing that person to make decisions based solely on the best interest of the taxpayer--not on political considerations.  Another area of concern for me surrounds what seems to me a lack of reality on the part of the domestic auto manufacturers. More and more Americans want to purchase energy-saving vehicles. Yet the domestic auto industry seems to be fighting tooth and nail against that reality. And if it does not wake up immediately, nothing Congress can do will help the industry survive. It needs to be competitive. It needs customers to buy its vehicles. And it won't have many customers if it doesn't take action to build vehicles with higher fuel efficiency standards that help our Nation end our crippling dependence on foreign oil.  Finally, the bill includes provisions wholly unrelated to the issue at hand, such as language authorizing a pay raise for U.S. judges. Why in the world is it necessary to address this issue in this bill? I am not questioning the merits of the provision--I am sure the overwhelming majority of our judges work very hard and deserve a raise--but such a provision has no business being addressed in this manner and at this time when so many are doing more with less. This authorization should be addressed in the proper way by the appropriate authorizing committee.  If we allow this $14 billion to be doled out to the automakers with so few conditions and no concessions--who comes next? And how long before they return seeking billions more? A recent editorial in the Washington Post noted that:     the impending collapse of General Motors presents Congress      and the President with a choice between two domino effects,      both potentially damaging to the U.S. economy if the federal      government does not lend GM money and the company goes      bankrupt, the repercussions will spread throughout the      country by way of the network of suppliers, dealers and local      businesses that depend on GM and the other car manufacturers      for their livelihoods. This could destroy hundreds of      thousands of jobs when the economy can ill afford another      shock. But if the federal government, frightened by these      possibilities, gives GM just what it wants, it will be      setting a precedent for even more multibillion-dollar      bailouts--of automakers and of other troubled companies. The      closure of DHL's operation in Wilmington, Ohio, is costing      9,000 people their jobs; Circuit City's bankruptcy means      about 7,800 layoffs. If Detroit and its relatively well-     compensated workforce qualify for Federal aid, why not these      firms and workers, too?  We need to be very careful here lest we slide down the slippery slope of a taxpayer funded bailout for every ailing business in America--large or small.  Let me be clear. I am very sympathetic to the plight of the auto industry. But the proposal before us seeks to hand over $14 billion to companies who have yet to tell the Congress and the American people--in any detail--how they plan to restructure their operations and become viable in the long-term. Their gross inaction to date causes me great pause. And that is why I cannot support the measure before us.  I am pleased to see that many are working hard to find an acceptable compromise. I am hopeful that we can reach a suitable agreement.  