President, I thank Senator Mikulski for not only the time to speak about this important measure but for her leadership. I particularly wish to recognize the extraordinary contribution of Senator Kennedy who has been the architect of this legislation and many previous reauthorizations. And I wish to give particular thanks to Senator Enzi whose quiet, thoughtful, and determined approach made a contribution to this legislation. I thank him for his hard work.  I rise in strong support of the Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008. It will be an important way in which we fulfill our obligation to the American people, and keep opportunity and hope alive throughout this country. Education is truly the engine that pulls people forward. It allows individuals and families to move up the economic ladder, and not only for their own progress, but also for the benefit of the communities in which they live.  This might be one of the most important pieces of legislation we ever considered on this floor. I am proud it has been so well handled and so meaningful that today we are debating legislation which I believe will get overwhelming support. I am particularly pleased it is being reauthorized at this time. We have seen an economy in turmoil. One of the realizations that is taking place is that the housing sector of our economy is so central to everything we do. I can imagine, as we all can, that there are literally hundreds of thousands of families across America who are counting on the equity in their homes to send their son or daughter to college. That equity has been diminished, if it has not disappeared altogether.  Today we are responding to that urgent need by providing more assistance to families to send their children to higher education. I am particularly pleased the aspects of the legislation I helped author are included in this final version. I introduced legislation called the FAFSA Act, which is the acronym for the federal financial aid form, to streamline the financial aid application process. 