Chairman, I thank the author of the amendment for yielding me the time as he knows that I am opposed to his amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment for a number of reasons. As the previous speaker indicated, I do believe very strongly that we need a shared responsibility between the branches of the Government. I can remember well, probably the biggest vote that I have ever cast, certainly the biggest vote that I have ever cast was to give President Bush the authority to go into the gulf war. I view the War Powers Act as one of the major issues back then as to why the President came to this body and came to the American people and persuaded them convincingly that that was the right vote. I am not so certain that he would have done that had there not been a War Powers Act.  I have talked to Members of Congress on this floor today who have indicated that had he not come to the House floor, they probably would have voted to impeach him, and yet they still voted for the resolution as it passed that night in January on a fairly convincing vote.  Mr. Chairman, I remember well an earlier vote that same night, the Bennett resolution, a resolution that passed in this floor 302-131. It expressed the sense of Congress that the Constitution vested the power to declare war on Congress and that the President must gain congressional approval before any offensive military action could be taken against Iraq. That was a check and a balance. That is what this Government is about, a check and a balance.  As I look at the votes that were cast on overriding the President's veto, President Nixon back in 1973, I look at a number of my colleagues past and present. I passed one today, Larry Coughlin, who voted to override the President that day. But I look at some of the names, Mr. Edwards and Dickinson of Alabama, later became the ranking members on the Committee on Armed Services here in the House and served in a distinguished way and on Appropriations as well. I look at Mr. Rousselot from California who voted to override, at the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Crane], still in the House, and Mr. Erlenborn and Mr. Anderson. I look at Trent Lott, now the majority whip in the Senate, who voted to override. I look at my own former Members from Michigan, Bill Broomfield, who were ranking Members of this committee. I look at Mr. Frenzel.  