Chairman, I have said for a long time that we need structural reforms if we are ever going to balance this budget. This bill does that.  As people around the country watch on C-SPAN, and they probably writhe and cheer when this body has the guts to make some cuts along the way, what they forget along those lines is that when that bill goes to the other body months later, if we have been successful in making those cuts, the other body just sort of backfills.  I am going to give you an example. Last week we had the vote on the B-2 bomber on the appropriation spending bill for defense. I voted against it. I voted against it because I did not think that we could afford it, and had we been successful, we were not, but had we been successful, I would have wanted that money, and the reason I voted ``no'' in the first place was to lower our deficit so that the other body would not have been able to take that money and use it for something else.  I am a fiscal conservative, and whether it is the line item veto or changing the budget process to work, we have got to make this institution aware that when we cut spending here, we cannot allow the other body to simply raise it, and when they cut spending there, they should not be in the same shoes on this side to take the money that they might cut and add it to something else.  This idea, the lockbox, with strong bipartisan support, and it has been that way from the very onset, does exactly what we say we are going to do. When we cut spending, the money goes to reduce the deficit. It does not go for something else, and that is the reason that I rise and join so many of my colleagues here this afternoon in support of this legislation. This is real reform. It is structural reform. It is going to work, and it is about time that we passed it here and get the other body to do the same.  I just would encourage my colleagues, all of them, to support this legislation because it really does something about spending cuts, and that is what it is all about.  