Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I am very encouraged by the child support enforcement provisions that are part of this welfare reform bill. But we need to do more.  I have spent considerable time with a number of 14- and 15-year-old mothers who face a very hard life juggling school work, work and the demands of parenthood as well. Many of us take that responsibility very seriously, as we live for our kids and we want them to have a better life, and we are taken aback by parents who shirk this responsibility and refuse to make even a modest payment to help support their child. The result is that both the child and the attending parent suffer and are penalized.  This amendment will no longer reward parents who fail to fulfill their obligations to pay child support but continue to receive Government assistance through the Food Stamp Program.  Today there is $34 billion in unpaid child support due to more than 23 million children. More specifically, more than 30 percent of women with kids in poverty receive no child support whatsoever.  A survey of income and program participation found that of the 525,000 noncustodial parents receiving food stamps, 79 percent or 415,000 were not paying child support.  It is time to stop the free lunch. We are asking custodial single parents, who happen to be primarily mothers, to cover a lot of bases and carry the load, but what about the other parent? Where is the equity? We cannot forget that parenting is the responsibility of two people, and we certainly cannot forget the children who are in desperate need of assistance.  If this amendment passes, I fully intend to work to ensure that this amendment targets those who are dodging their parental responsibilities, not those who are making an honest effort to care for their child.  Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to support deadbeat parents, and I urge Members to vote ``yes'' on this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Martini].  