Chairman, I was prepared this evening to offer an amendment that would permanently ban Members, former Members of Congress forever from lobbying on behalf of a foreign government. I had intended to offer that amendment because I believe very strongly that it is wrong for former Members to use their job here as a revolving door to cash in later on behalf of a foreign government. Currently there is a 1-year ban on that activity, not a lifetime ban.  Americans all across this land are very upset with the role that lobbyists play here in Washington and with good reason. All too often our elected leaders represent perhaps the most influential lobbyists rather than the people who elected them. Executive branch officials, I might note, are in fact barred for life from lobbying on behalf of foreign governments. The underlying bill that we are taking up today, H.R. 2564, also bars U.S. trade officials from representing foreign countries for life.  As we work to restore the public confidence in this Congress, we should apply that same standard to Members who serve here. I feel that we need to encourage folks to become public servants for the right reasons and that reward for helping people while you serve, not using that service to benefit our own pockets. It is not right that taxpayers send their representatives to Washington to fight for them and then that elected official leaves office and perhaps sells that knowledge to another government at the expense of the American people. Each of us were sent here to represent our own districts and our State and certainly our country. And it would be wrong for us to use that experience to represent someplace else.  I understand the debate that is going on tonight. The bill that has come over from the Senate, the committee chairman, subcommittee chair as well as the ranking side prefer no amendments because they want to get this bill through. In a number of private discussions that I have had with Members this evening, I feel that it may be more prudent in fact to offer this at another time on another bill, but in fact in this Congress to get the job done. I might.  Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Canady] for some clarification of that.  