Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment by my fellow colleague from Michigan [Mr. Smith]. I have been interested in high speed rail for many years because I believe wise investments in technology and transportation infrastructure pay off in economic development, job creation, and higher productivity.  I recognize the motive of the Smith amendment. In an era with record Federal deficits, we need to be fiscally prudent. However, by building on what we have, high speed rail is within reach. We need to encourage incremental improvements that will increase train speed: things like improving grade crossings, signal systems, tracks, and cost-efficient equipment and locomotion. We should target limited federal resources to a few deserving projects.  Improvements related to the high speed rail concept are already being implemented. Earlier this year in fact, the U.S. Department of Transportation awarded a $6 million grant to the Michigan Department of Transportation [MDOT] for further safety and grade crossing improvements on a 71 mile stretch of rail in Michigan. These improvements will allow for an increase in speed along the route and will reduce the amount of travel time. I strongly supported the State's application and have had many discussions with the Director of MDOT about this issue since Michigan has been a leader in this area.  High speed rail means more and better options for the travelling public, both business and pleasure, in the areas surrounding the station. High speed rail also provides a more balanced transportation network that reflects growing environmental and energy concerns.  Being from Michigan and thereby impacted by the Detroit and Chicago rail corridor, linking the third and fifth largest metropolitan areas, I have examined many reports regarding the feasibility and cost of high speed rail.  Many independent studies have shown that the Detroit-Chicago rail corridor is an excellent candidate for high speed rail. Significant economic and employment opportunities are expected to sprout along the route. Just last month, a group in Chicago--Environmental Law and Policy Center--released a study concluding that high speed rail is financially feasible and will create jobs throughout the Midwest.  As this country proceeds with high speed rail development, we need to move cautiously. We need to know what we are buying, who is paying for it, and what the benefits are. We also need to examine potential downsides and legitimate concerns about high speed, particularly safety and take the steps necessary to address those concerns.  Most people agree that it is more prudent to move in small, incremental steps as we develop the high speed rail system. I believe the committee's recommendation of $15 million is a very prudent and appropriate level which will keep the effort moving forward to the benefit of our nation's infrastructure and the travelling public.  Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the Smith amendment.  