 We have been trying--the Senator from Maryland and I--to get the bill we have been talking about to the floor so people will have an opportunity to offer their amendments, to debate their amendments, and we in the Senate will be able to vote them up or down. That is what this process is about.  Although I know it is getting late in the evening, I am hoping we can lock in some time agreement with the leadership. I am sure Senator Reid and Senator McConnell are working on that, as well as Senator McCain and Senator Coburn. But if we could get started on this tomorrow and have a healthy debate, there are some issues that ought to be brought up.  I wish to take a few minutes to review a few of the outlines of what we hope to accomplish this week--what is in this bill and what is not.  What this bill would do is allow agencies the additional ability to address priorities in light of sequester cuts. We all know they were Draconian--good policy, as I said, but bad process. The proposed legislation the Senator from Maryland and I are bringing to the floor, hopefully, is in full compliance with the spending caps required by the Budget Control Act, and it brings, with the sequester, the total to under $1 trillion. So we are doing some serious cutting, but we ought to do it wisely by what we do.  Both sides have given in to get to where we are. There is no new funding for ObamaCare, no new funding for Dodd-Frank, no State-specific earmarks.  The bill enables the Department of Defense--and we all care about security--to better implement sequester, and it increases the DOD transfer authority for reprogramming, thus mitigating a portion of the national security impact of the sequester and other across-the-board cuts.  The bill also ensures that veterans programs receive adequate funding--$2.5 billion above the fiscal year 2012 levels--for VA discretionary spending. So that is a good increase.  The bill requires greater accountability of government employees attending conferences, including associated expenses, so that we don't read these horror stories of people going to conventions and living high off the hog while people are struggling to make ends meet.  The bill also prohibits the transfer of Guantanamo prisoners to the United States, among other things.  The legislation would provide additional funding for worldwide diplomatic and facility security in the post-Benghazi environment. When we send somebody overseas, we want to make sure, whether it is an Ambassador, an employee, or somebody going temporarily, that they are as safe as we can keep them. We know we live in a dangerous world, and some parts of the world are more dangerous than others.  This bill provides over a $3.1 billion increase over fiscal year 2012 in assistance to Israel. Israel is the only democracy--I believe a real one--in that area and is a great friend of ours.  The legislation keeps in place the pay freeze for Federal employees for the remainder of this year, the fiscal year ending September 2013.  The bill prohibits distribution of any funds to ACORN, its subsidiaries, or successors.  It rescinds $50 million from the EPA to restrict its ability to implement certain environmental regulations.  It rescinds $10 million from the ObamaCare, as we call it, Independent Payment Advisory Board, which is the rationing board, some people call it.  The bill continues a provision to clarify the prohibition of Federal funds being used to lobby State and local legislative and executive authorities.  These are just some of the provisions in here, but I think tomorrow we will talk about more. Overall, I think we have put together a worthy and credible package, and I hope the Senate will soon get a chance to start debating it seriously.  I yield the floor.  