President, the Senate is now considering H.R. 4297, the tax reconciliation conference report. This bill contains several important tax relief provisions, including relief from the alternative minimum tax, extended expensing provisions for small businesses, and a 2-year extension of the 15 percent tax rate on dividends and capital gains. I will be voting for this bill in order to block tax increases that would be harmful to our economy and to our citizens.  According to the latest data that I have seen, more than 100 million American taxpayers benefit from the various tax reductions that we have passed since 2001. In Maine, 100,000 taxpayers have benefited from the lower capital gains and dividends tax rate, and about 25,500 Maine taxpayers have benefited from AMT relief.  The 5-year cost of this reconciliation package is just under $70 billion. Of this amount, nearly half--$33.4 billion will go to provide an additional year of relief from the alternative minimum tax. The AMT was originally enacted to ensure that all taxpayers, especially high-income taxpayers, paid at least a minimum amount of Federal taxes. But the AMT is not indexed for inflation, and because of this flaw, each year a larger number of middle-income Americans find themselves subject to this ``stealth tax.'' In fact, without the relief provided in this bill, the number of taxpayers subject to the AMT will increase to 20 million in 2006, up from just 3 million in 2004.  I believe it is essential to protect middle-income families from the AMT ``stealth tax.'' I also believe that the 15 percent capital gains and dividends tax rates have proven their effectiveness and ought to be extended.  When I voted to support lower capital gains and dividends taxes in 2003, my hope was that this tax policy would help lift our economy out of recession and restore the healthy growth we need to create good jobs and opportunity for Americans. Since that tax relief became law, our economy has grown at nearly 4 percent per year, and over 5 million new jobs have been created. The unemployment rate has dropped to 4.7 percent--beneath the average of the past three decades.  I am aware of the ongoing debate among economists over whether, and to what extent, tax cuts can ``pay for themselves.'' Whatever one thinks of that debate, I cannot help but note how far off the estimated cost of this tax relief was. The year before this tax relief became law, the Federal Government received $49 billion in revenues through the capital gains tax--at the 20 percent rate. The Joint Tax Committee predicted that reducing the rate to 15 percent would reduce revenues by $3 billion from 2003 to 2005. But, in fact, capital gains tax revenues jumped instead--to $71 billion in 2004, and $80 billion last year--all paid at the lower 15 percent rate.  To me, the vote on this bill is not about settling a debate among economists. My focus is on finding the right tax policy to help keep our economy healthy, and growing. It is only with strong economic growth that our Nation will be able to meet the needs we currently face--needs that will only become more urgent as our society ages.  Many in this Chamber, and many of my constituents, are concerned about our growing national debt. I share this concern. That is why I have been a consistent supporter of the pay-go rules throughout my tenure in the Senate. But I continue to be struck by the difference that even a small change in our economy's growth rate can make to the deficit and to the revenues we need to support critical social programs. According to the Congressional Budget Office, a change of just one tenth of 1 percent in the GDP growth rate over a 10-year period would change revenues by $224 billion and spending by $48 billion, for a total net impact of $272 billion on the deficit.  The actual growth rate we have experienced since 2003 has been higher by at least two-tenths of 1 percent than CBO predicted before the 15 percent tax rate was enacted. In light of the fact that CBO estimates that a 0.1 percent change can have a net impact of $272 billion on the deficit, it is so important to maintain policies that maintain a healthy growth rate.  For all of these reasons, I will be supporting the tax reconciliation bill.  