President, I had reserved the final 4 minutes of my time in opposition to the Menendez amendment. I am going to claim that time now.  I urge my colleagues to vote against the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey. Let me briefly summarize three issues that make the amendment so problematic.  First, it slashes the minimum allocation for homeland security grant moneys for States. It would impose a two-thirds cut in the guaranteed allocation which would undermine the efforts of States that have entered into multiyear projects such as improving the interoperability of their communications equipment which is an expensive multiyear proposition.  Second, the amendment makes absolutely no sense. If my colleagues are unhappy, as I am, with the Department of Homeland Security's allocation of funding for the Homeland Security Grant Program, why would they want to give unfettered discretion to the Department on how to allocate the funds?  The amendment has absolutely no criteria included in it to define risk. By contrast, the proposal that was approved by the Homeland Security Committee sets out criteria--such as whether there had been a terrorist attack previously, the population density, whether it is a border State, whether it is on the coastline--and gives guidance to the Department since it has clearly shown that it does not have a well-developed system for allocating based on risk. We have seen the results of that.  Third, the Senator from New Jersey strikes the requirement in current law to have the Department look at the need for the funding. All of us are concerned about reports that homeland security grant money in some localities has been wasted, whether it is on leather jackets or air-conditioned garbage trucks, actual cases, one in the District and one in New Jersey, or for other questionable purposes. We need to make sure that the Department is allocating the funds not only based on risk, threat, and vulnerability but also on need and effectiveness. There are no requirements for this funding to be developed and allocated based on the need for it nor the effectiveness of the State's plan.  For those three reasons and many more, I urge my colleagues to oppose the Menendez amendment. Thirty-six States and the District of Columbia would lose funding under his proposal. The funding instead would be reallocated to 14 States which already receive more than 70 percent of all the funding for homeland security.  This is a misguided amendment. It will lead to wasteful spending. It will undermine the efforts to bring all States up to a base level of preparedness and response. I urge my colleagues to oppose it.  I see the Senator from Delaware is on the floor. He has been very active inthis area. If I do have any time remaining, I would be happy to yield to my colleague, the Senator from Delaware.  