President, it is my understanding that either shortly this evening or tomorrow the Senator from South Carolina will be coming to the floor to speak on the agreement that has been worked out among all the players, which is based on legislation he introduced, S. 1753, the Warning Alert and Response Network Act, the so-called WARN Act. This amendment would create the national alert system which will contribute to a strengthened emergency management system for our country. The amendment will create a national alert office within the Department of Homeland Security and will ensure that the office will work closely with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA, to bring together the wealth of expertise in both of these agencies to create an alert system that will transmit alerts in response to all threats to public safety, whether they are a terrorist attack, a natural disaster or a manmade accident.  The amendment directs this new office to develop a 21st century alert system that takes advantage of new technologies, including technologies to better alert underserved communities.  Five years ago, all of us remember the frustration of trying to get accurate information. Most of us found that our cell phones were no longer functioning. At that point, we did not have Blackberries, and we had a very difficult time communicating.  The legislation that Senator DeMint has authored helps to respond to that need to disseminate information quickly and accurately to the public using a variety of tools. The new system would use multiple modes of communication, providing alerts not only by television and radio but also cell phones, Blackberries, and other wireless devices such as the Internet, satellite television, and other means of communication.  The DeMint proposal builds on the recommendations of the White House Katrina Report to employ all available 21st century technologies both to update and utilize the National Emergency Alert System in order to provide the general public with advanced notification of, as well as instructions during, a disaster or other emergencies.  We need a warning and alert system in this country that keeps pace with new technologies and an increasingly mobile society. No longer is it adequate to depend on television and radios to disseminate absolutely critical public safety information.  I believe that the approach in this amendment will save lives by creating a system with the capability to alert individuals to dangers, whether they are watching television, driving in their cars or sitting on the beach with a cell phone and a Blackberry. Yes, some of us take the Blackberry and the cell phone even when we are on the beach.  I thank Senator DeMint for his work on this important amendment. I thank the Commerce Committee, which has worked very closely with the Homeland Security Committee to work out some issues, and I am pleased to support its passage as amended by the amendment of Senator Inouye and Senator Stevens.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  