President, what we have tried to do with this bill is very carefully balance the need for effective, improved security with the need to ensure that we are not crippling our international trading system. We now have 11 million shipping containers coming into this country each year. This is a number that has grown substantially in recent years. We know each one has the potential to be the Trojan horse of the 21st century, to include not consumer goods but perhaps terrorists themselves, the makings of a dirty bomb, a chemical, biological, or even nuclear weapon.  That is why the legislation that we have authored proposes a strong, effective, layered system of security. It focuses on the ports of origin. It focuses on each container to make sure that it is effectively evaluated, and it has a system for securing the entire supply chain that is called the C-TPAT system.  The highest system of C-TPAT would be the GreenLane system, of which Senator Murray is the author.  At that level, shippers would take steps to completely certify the security of their supply chain from the factory where the good is manufactured, all the way to the delivery to the retail store. Each step of the supply chain would be certified as secure. In return, those shippers or retailers that reach that highest level, the GreenLane, would be given certain benefits. Their cargo would be expedited. Their cargo would be subjected to fewer inspections. Their cargo would be released more quickly in the event of an attack on our ports.  Our proposal addresses the people who work at our ports. It addresses the shipping containers. It addresses the ports themselves and other facilities. It takes the layered approach to security that is recommended by the 9/11 Commission.  So I hope those of our colleagues who may be tempted to think that the answer to port security is to do an x-ray of each and every shipping container will take a closer look at the systems and the security that would be provided by our legislation and would consider the points that have been raised by the experts who point out the dangers in delaying the transit of shipping containers. It might actually decrease security rather than enhance it. And, also, that we have to strike that right balance so we do not significantly impede the flow of commerce and damage the U.S. and global economy.  Just think how many farmers rely on our ports to ship their crops overseas. Think of how many factories and stores in our country rely on just-in-time inventory. If you are reliant on just-in-time inventory and your containers are delayed just 3 days, it can make a big difference to your operations. So we need to make sure that we strike the right balance.  I think the bill before us, which has been carefully worked out by three committees, which has been in progress for years, does strike the right balance.  