President, earlier today in morning business, the Democratic leader spoke in favor of the amendment that he has brought to the Senate floor which we will vote on shortly this afternoon. I rise in opposition to Senator Reid's amendment.  Mr. President, this is Senator Reid's amendment, and this is the port security bill. I can barely hold up the 507 pages of the Democratic leader's amendment. It is an interesting hodgepodge of provisions that are irrelevant to the underlying bill--to port security. It includes provisions that have already been rejected by the Senate. It includes provisions that have already been enacted by the Congress and signed into law. It includes provisions that have just recently been passed by the Senate and added to the port security bill.  What it does not include are provisions that have to do with port security. This proposal, 507 pages, includes 37 pages of findings, 16 senses of Congress, and no fewer than 95 reports, certifications, and determinations.  Let me tell my colleagues a bit about what is actually in Senator Reid's amendment. Let's go first to the category of provisions which have already been rejected by the Senate. Let me give two examples. The legislation includes, word for word, the exact same language regarding the involvement of the United States in Iraq that was soundly rejected by the Senate by a vote of 39 to 60 in June of this year. This is the language that calls for a phased redeployment of U.S. forces in Iraq. It has nothing to do with port security, and it is legislation that this body has already thoroughly considered and voted against.  Let me give a second example of provisions of the Reid amendment on which the Senate has already spoken. The Reid amendment contains a first responder funding formula amendment that is almost identical to the one the Senate rejected earlier this year by a vote of 32 to 65. Indeed, the sponsor of this amendment voted against the formula change he has included in this bill, as did a total of 25 Democratic Senators, the majority of the Democratic caucus. It is not surprising that they did, for if the Reid amendment were to pass, 34 States would lose money for homeland security activities. It is also ironic that the funding formula included in Senator Reid's amendment is an implicit endorsement of the funding allocation decisions that were so widely and correctly criticized earlier this summer.  This bill would give the Department of Homeland Security additional discretion in allocating homeland security funds. We know what happened when we gave the Department additional discretion. The outcome was not a good one.  I mentioned that the amendment also includes provisions that have already been signed into law. Let me give an example. Mr. President, 105 pages of this 507-page amendment have to do with implementing the 9/11 Commission's recommendations on foreign policy and public diplomacy. The proposals outlined in that section of Senator Reid's amendment were signed into law as part of the Intelligence Reform Act of 2004. They are almost exactly the same as title VII of the Intelligence Reform Act of 2004. Why do we need to repeat this? It is already law. How does enacting it a second time somehow improve our national security? It makes no sense.  Let's move to the third category; that is, provisions in this amendment which have already passed the Senate. There are many good examples of that, but let me just cite two. They have to do with the rail security and mass transit security amendments which we have already adopted.  Senator McCain's rail security amendment was adopted very early in the debate on this bill. The proposal offered by Senators Shelby and Sarbanes last night is identical to the mass transit security provisions in the Reid amendment. Since those two amendments have already been included in the bill, why would we want to do it all over again?  I think what most disturbs me about Senator Reid's proposal is that it is clearly a partisan amendment that has been offered to a bill, the port security bill, that has been bipartisan every step of the way, from conception to introduction to committee consideration to the floor deliberations. Port security is so important. I know the Presiding Officer understands that well, coming from Louisiana. We have gone to great lengths to make sure that the port security bill was bipartisan.  Patty Murray has been the leader on this bill on the Democratic side. Senator Lieberman worked hard on it in the Homeland Security Committee. Norm Coleman, Senator Coleman, on our side of the aisle, worked with Senator Levin to investigate port security programs.  Even in the House, this has been a completely bipartisan--indeed, a nonpartisan--effort, with the legislation being authored by Representatives Dan Lungren and Jane Harman.  At every step of the consideration, this has been a bipartisan bill. When it went through the Homeland Security Committee, it was bipartisan. In the negotiations with the Commerce Committee and the Finance Committee, it was bipartisan. It is very unfortunate that we are now having a blatantly partisan amendment offered to a bill that I had hoped would be the exception to the rule, a bill we could enact in a bipartisan manner, because it is so important that we act without delay.  As I indicated, from the very beginning of the discussions on this bill, from the hearings, through the committee markups, through visits to ports around the country, it has always been bipartisan. Let's not weigh this bill down with partisan amendments. Instead, let's get the job done and send this bill, a bipartisan bill, to the President for his signature without delay.  I reserve the remainder of the time on this side.  Mr. DeMINT addressed the Chair.  