President, I listened carefully to the comments of the Senator from New Jersey in which he advocates for 100 percent scanning. He says, for example, that is the only way we can be safe, that we would never scan just 5 percent of the people coming to the White House. I think there is a lot of misunderstanding about how the current system works, so let me start with an explanation of the layered system of security we have at our ports right now.  First, all cargo manifests are submitted to authorities 24 hours before ships pull into ports. The automated targeting system is a sophisticated analysis that looks at where did the cargo come from, what is its destination, what is the cargo, who are the shippers involved, who is the retailer or other recipient of the cargo. Through a classified system, those and other factors are considered, and the cargo is assigned scores depending on this analysis.  Let me first be very clear. Every single container goes through that step, and that is called screening. There is a lot of confusion among the terms ``screening,'' ``scanning,'' ``integrated scanning,'' and ``inspection.'' So what I have described is the screening process that uses this automatic targeting system to identify at-risk containers.  After the at-risk containers are identified, they are supposed to be scanned or even physically searched by Customs and Border Protection. However, an investigation by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Homeland Security Committee, which Senator Coleman led, indicated that this system didn't always result in an inspection of the high-risk container, despite it being identified. Senator Coleman is going to be offering an amendment shortly that will ensure 100 percent scanning of those high-risk or at-risk containers. So that is one aspect of the system we have now.  Another layer is the Container Security Initiative. Under this program, our American Customs and Border Patrol officers are stationed at foreign ports. The CSI program is currently operational in 44 ports which cover approximately 75 percent of containerized cargo heading for the United States by sea. What we do is we work with the host government, and again, the process is to push hazards away from our shores, identify the high-risk cargo, and make sure it is never loaded onto our ships in the first place.  In addition, there is another system, which is that many containers are also scanned for radiological material at U.S. ports. When I visited, with the Senator from Washington State, the Seattle Port, we saw the radiation portal monitors that do this kind of scanning. Our bill requires that by the end of 2007, the largest U.S. ports must have radiation scanners which will ensure that 98 percent of inbound containers are scanned.  There is also a Department of Energy program called the Megaports Initiative that is currently scanning containers in foreign ports for radiological material.  Yet another layer of security is the Customs Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, the so-called C-TPAT Program. This is a program whereby manufacturers, retailers, and shippers secure the supply chain so that security is assured from the factory door to when the container arrives at our shores. Every step of the supply chain is secured. Senator Murray has improved upon that concept with her GreenLane concept which will give additional benefits to shippers who undertake even stronger security measures. This involves making sure, for example, that containers are sealed with electronic seals that can reveal whether they have been tampered with or opened en route. In other words, this is a risk-based approach to enhancing the security of our containers.  At the same time--and this is the approach our bill builds upon--the layered approach to security allows the maritime cargo industry in the United States, which moves more than 11 million containers per year, to function efficiently. That is important. I have seen the giant VACIS machines that do these x-ray screenings. It is not that quick a process. It takes a while. It takes probably 4 minutes or so for them to go around the container, and then the analysis of those images can take up to 15 minutes.  With 11 million containers entering the U.S. seaports every year, the delay caused by screening all containers would cause a massive backlog of cargo at the ports. That doesn't mean that someday--someday soon, I believe--we are not going to have the technology that will allow us to do an integrated scan, both in x ray and a scan for radiological material, in a far more efficient way and have a method of triggering an additional review if something is found.  The Washington Post said it very well in an editorial yesterday when they said:       The ``inspect all containers'' mantra is a red herring that      exploits America's fears about what might slip through in      order to score political points, ignoring the fact that there      are much more cost and time effective ways of keeping      dangerous cargo out of the country.  Our bill we have brought before the Senate would do just that by strengthening and improving upon the existingprograms. I believe with Senator Coleman's amendment, which I am proud to cosponsor along with the Senator from Alaska, we can even improve it further and set the stage when someday--soon, I hope--we do have the technology that allows us to do 100 percent integrated scanning.  The Senator from New Jersey just calls for scanning, so I don't know whether he doesn't want an integrated system which includes the radiological scan. But in any event, it has an integrated scanning system that will work and allow us to move cargo quickly. That is where we should be headed. We can't ignore the reality that we don't have the technology yet to do that effectively and efficiently now but that we can put in place a layered system that gives us greater protections than we have today.  We have to realize also that we have limited resources. I remember an expert in port security once telling me that if you inspect everything, you inspect nothing. You have to focus on risk and you have to come up with systems that build a layered approach, starting with securing the supply chain, working with the governments of foreign ports, having radiological scanning, making sure we put into place a layered security system.  I would note two other issues that I see in the amendment offered by the Senator from New Jersey.  First, much to my surprise, the language on page 2 of his bill suggests that all outbound cargo from the United States would have to be scanned. I can't imagine what the impact on trade would be. They would be using the same equipment as the inbound containers, so it would cause a tremendous backlog in scanning containers.  Second, he has some troubling language where he calls for a description of the consequences to be imposed on foreign ports or U.S. ports that don't meet the benchmarks described in his language, which may include the loss of access to U.S. ports and fines. What are we saying--that we are going to threaten ports with fines rather than working with them? That kind of language just invites retaliation by foreign governments, and I think it is misguided in the extreme.  So I think the bill is a very good bill that we have brought before our colleagues and a balanced bill to deal with this issue, but I think we can strengthen it further, improve it further by adopting the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota, which I am proud to support and cosponsor.  