President, let me just add to the comments made by the distinguished chairman of the Commerce Committee about the amendment offered by the Democratic leader. I mentioned earlier that this amendment is 507 pages. This, in my hand, is the port security bill. Now, this, in my hand, is the Reid amendment. I can barely lift it. It requires no fewer than 95 reports, certifications, and determinations. It has 37 pages of findings. It has 16 sense-of-the-Congress resolutions. It requires 36 GAO reports and audits.  But what is not in there? There is virtually nothing in there that relates to port or maritime security. In fact, we have now done a search of the entire amendment. We found one--one--reference to port security and one reference to maritime and cargo security in the entire Reid amendment.  I think that makes the point. I think that says it all. This amendment is irrelevant to the underlying bill.  As I mentioned earlier, it includes provisions that the Senate has already decisively rejected on what our policy should be in Iraq and what the funding formula should be for the homeland security grant program. It is not as if those provisions were rejected years ago; they were rejected just a few months ago. So it makes no sense for this amendment to include formula changes and a change in our policy in Iraq that this body, by more than 60 votes in each case, decisively rejected.  In fact, when it comes to the funding formula for homeland security grants, the majority of the Democratic Caucus rejects the formula change that is included in the Reid amendment. As I mentioned, over 100 pages of the Reid amendment deal with foreign policy recommendations, public diplomacy recommendations of the 9/11 Commission that are already law. They are virtually identical to a title of the Intelligence Reform Act of 2004, which is already law. Other provisions in the Reid amendment we have passed during the debate on the port security bill--the proposals of Senator McCain and Senators Shelby and Sarbanes on rail and mass transit security. We already adopted those. Those are redundant at best.  What it comes down to is, unfortunately, this is simply a partisan amendment. That is so unfortunate because the work on this port security bill has never been partisan--never. There have been leaders such as Senator Murray and Senator Lieberman on the Democratic side. There have been leaders on the Republican side. The Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Homeland Security Committee did investigations of the port security programs that were completely bipartisan, headed by Senators Norman Coleman and Carl Levin. The committee consideration both in the Homeland Security Committee and the Commerce Committee was completely bipartisan. This has been a bipartisan effort in the House of Representatives, as well, where the bill was sponsored by Representatives Dan Lungren and Jane Harmon. It has been bipartisan since the conception to where we are today.  It is so unfortunate to have a blatantly partisan amendment, 507 pages, that swamps the bill and has nothing to do with the bill offered by the Democratic leader. So I hope our colleagues will take a look at what is really in the Reid amendment. I fear we may well have a partisan vote. I hope we do not. I think if my friends and colleagues on the other side of the aisle actually look at what is in the Reid amendment, I would be surprised if they vote for it because they voted against large chunks of it in the past.  So I hope once we have disposed of the Democratic leader's amendment, we can return to the constructive, bipartisan approach that we have taken on this bill. This is an important bill. It is a bill that matters to the security of our country. It is a bill that is too important to be bogged down in partisan politics. It has never been bogged down in partisan politics. It has been bipartisan every step of the way. Let's conclude consideration of this bill in a bipartisan way, in a way that reflects well on this Senate, and send this important bill to the President for his signature.  I yield the floor, and I reserve the remainder of the time.  