President, since Senator Lautenberg has not arrived, I am going to continue to expound on why the Collins-Lieberman-Lott-Carper amendment should be agreed to and the Clinton-Akaka amendment should be rejected.  As I look at this issue, I realize that people look back at FEMA with rose-colored glasses. There is this myth of the golden age of FEMA. Indeed, FEMA in the past has had some talented leaders which proves my point that this really is about leadership more than anything. Clearly, Michael Brown was an abysmal failure as FEMA's leader. There is unanimity on that as well. But the fact is, when FEMA was an independent agency, it also experienced severe problems dealing with major disasters.  If you look at the GAO and other reports, and, indeed, the hearing records before the committee I now chair back after Hurricane Andrew in 1992, you could take out the word ``Andrew'' and substitute ``Katrina,'' and you would get exactly the same indictment. In the hearing after Hurricane Andrew, my colleague, Senator Akaka, noted the difficulties that FEMA has had with response to catastrophic disasters. It is those catastrophic disasters, the fact is, that FEMA has never been able to handle, both when it was independent and when it was in DHS.  Our committee's bipartisan recommendation seeks to correct that problem by creating an agency with the capabilities for the first time to manage catastrophic disasters.  The Government Accountability Office found that FEMA's response to Hurricane Andrew in 1992 ``raised serious doubts about whether FEMA is capable of responding to catastrophic disasters.'' This is when FEMA was an independent agency. In particular, the GAO said that ``the Federal strategy for response lacked provisions to assess damage, the needs of victims, to provide food, shelter, and other essential services when the needs of victims outstrip State and local resources.''  You could apply exactly the same words to what happened after Katrina. What we need is to build an agency that does have the capacity to respond to not just small- and medium-sized disasters but to true catastrophes. That is what our bill would do. We would have a stronger agency, better led, better organized, with new authorities and powers that FEMA has never had. We would give it the resources to be effective.  Another important part of our amendment that, again, the Clinton-Akaka amendment completely lacks is the creation of regional strike teams that would be located in regions of the country and have representatives of all the Federal agencies that are involved in responding to a disaster. These strike teams would plan, train, and exercise with their State and local counterparts and with private sector groups that are involved in responding to a disaster such as the Red Cross and the Salvation Army. That is the kind of approach we need to be effective. We should have people in the region who already know the local officials, the vulnerabilities, the weaknesses, the strengths, the capabilities of the State and local systems, and can make sure that there are effective plans in place. We don't have that now.  When Katrina struck, people were sent from region 1 in New England down to New Orleans and Mississippi to help out. They didn't know the people. They didn't know the geography. They didn't know the culture. They didn't have that much experience in dealing with hurricanes. That doesn't make any sense at all. We should have regionally based teams that can work with their partners at the State and local level and in the private sector. I am talking about working not just with the nonprofits such as the Red Cross and Salvation Army but also with the private sector, such as the local utility companies. That is an important partner as well. Instead, what we found with Katrina were problems in credentialing utility workers and other private sector workers so they couldn't, in some cases, gain access to the disaster area.  We have given a lot of thought to how to do this right. This wasn't cobbled together overnight. It avoids the simplistic solution, which is no solution at all, of just saying: Let's take this weak, dysfunctional agency, this discredited agency, cut it loose from DHS, and somehow all will be well.  All will not be well. In fact, it would be a disaster to have FEMA, with its very limited current authorities, cast off as a separate agency.  Thad Allen said it well when he pointed out that since FEMA and the Coast Guard have been part of the same Department, there has been a 350-percent increase in joint training. That is what we want. We don't want a bureaucratic structure. We want people to plan, train, and exercise together. If they are in different agencies, that is not going to happen. FEMA is not going to have the advantage of working closely with those relevant agencies within the Department.  Another problem of the Clinton-Akaka amendment is that it would leave the preparedness functions in the Department of Homeland Security. I suspect I know why they did that. They did that because they realize the Department of Homeland Security has to have those preparedness functions. It needs to be able to prepare to respond to a terrorist attack. So they kept that function there.  But how does it make sense for FEMA to be only a response agency? That is what led us to the failed response to Katrina. Preparedness had been stripped off from FEMA. So this makes no sense at all.  Another criticism has been that FEMA lacks right now the authority to award preparedness grants. Yet the Clinton-Akaka amendment keeps that problem. It would keep the preparedness grants that go to State and local governments in the Department of Homeland Security, and yet would have this agency, FEMA, which is supposed to be working with State and local governments, with no authority over the funding for preparedness. That doesn't make any sense either.  I hope this body will recognize that the Homeland Security Committee has done a great deal of work. I hope they will listen to these first responder groups who say: Keep FEMA within DHS, but make it work. That is exactly what our amendment would do.  I see that the Senator from Connecticut has come to the floor. I would like to yield to him, if that is acceptable with the manager of the bill.  