 Mr. Speaker, both the Impeachment Task Force and the Judiciary Committee unanimously adopted and reported out House Resolution 520. The overwhelming support for this resolution is indicative of the weight of the evidence supporting the four articles of impeachment against Judge Samuel B. Kent. A Federal grand jury indicted Judge Kent on five counts of sexual assault involving two of his female court employees and one count of obstruction of justice.  In February of this year Judge Kent pleaded guilty to count six of the superseding indictment, obstruction of justice, pursuant to a plea agreement. As a part of the plea agreement, the government agreed to dismiss the remaining five counts at sentencing. At that time I called on Judge Kent to resign and stated that I would introduce articles of impeachment upon his sentencing in May if he did not resign. On May 11, 2009, Judge Kent was sentenced to 33 months in prison. On May 12 I introduced the first resolution calling for Judge Kent's impeachment.  Judge Kent tried to use his knowledge to work the system by requesting a waiver for disability retirement. In February I wrote the court, asking it to carefully consider all of the particulars concerning Judge Kent's request. On May 27, Fifth Circuit Chief Judge Edith Hollan Jones denied Judge Kent's request. The Impeachment Task Force held an evidentiary hearing where both victims of Judge Kent testified as witnesses. In addition to the two victims, Alan Baron, the lead task force attorney, provided an overview of the investigation. As a part of his statement, he identified and introduced into the record a number of documents. University of Pittsburgh Professor Arthur Hellman provided expert testimony that concluded that Judge Kent's conduct in making false statements to fellow judges, and thereby obstructing justice, as well as abusing his power as a Federal judge to sexually assault women employees, constituted independent grounds to justify his impeachment and removal from office. The task force afforded Judge Kent and his counsel unlimited opportunity to participate exhaustively in the hearing. However, both Judge Kent and his counsel declined our invitation. After this objective and definitive review of the facts, the weight of the evidence against Judge Kent was substantial enough that it became quite obvious that he should not remain a Federal judge.  Articles I and II of the articles of impeachment reflect the improper conduct made by Judge Kent toward two of his court employees. On numerous occasions he sexually assaulted the two female court employees by touching their private areas and attempting to engage each woman in a sexual act with him. Article III is an article that incorporates some of the false or misleading statements made by Judge Kent to investigators and the grand jury. It notes that he corruptly obstructed, influenced, or impeded an official proceeding. Our hearing and the record we have compiled produces clearand convincing evidence that Judge Kent lied to law enforcement authorities during the investigation as well as to the Federal grand jury. Article IV alleges that Judge Kent made material false and misleading statements about the nature and extent of his nonconsensual sexual contact with the victims to FBI agents and representatives of the Department of Justice.  Our purpose for being here today is not to punish Judge Kent. Our purpose is to ensure the integrity of the Federal judiciary. Impeachment is invoked only when the conduct erodes the public's confidence in government. Judge Kent has clearly violated the public's trust and dishonored his role. Judge Samuel B. Kent, who by his own admission obstructed justice to cover his own misdeeds, cannot remain a Federal judge. He is the first judge in the history of our Republic to plead guilty to a felony and refuse to promptly resign his seat on the bench. Other judges have been convicted of crimes and refused to resign, but never has one pled guilty and attempted to stay on the bench. To permit him to retain his position would inflict grievous and, indeed, irreparable damage to the Federal judiciary and, I submit, to the Congress as well.  There are two basic questions in connection with this impeachment. First, does the conduct alleged in the four articles of impeachment state an impeachable offense? Absolutely and without question, it does. The articles allege misconduct that is criminal and wholly inconsistent with judicial integrity and the judicial oath. Clearly, everyone would agree that a judge who lies to a judicial body investigating his conduct or who deceives Federal investigators by lying in an interview is not fit to remain on the bench.  