Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. The motivation behind this bill is extremely well-intentioned. We should punish violent crime. We should punish violent crime where the animus is motivated by hate against an individual or against a group because of characteristics that they may have.  But this is the wrong way to go about it. What we should be doing is we should be insisting on sentence enhancements for those who are convicted of a violent crime, a murder, an aggravated battery, a simple battery, an assault. The reason we should do it that way is that way we make sure that those who are guilty of a violent crime which is motivated by hate against an individual or a group to which he belongs gets punished more severely.  What can happen under this bill by setting up a separate hate crime is that someone could be indicted for the violent crime and the hate crime simultaneously. At the first trial, the person is acquitted of the violent crime, and at the second trial the person is convicted of the hate crime, meaning what the defendant says during the commission of that crime. And that ends up criminalizing free speech, because the actual act of violence the jury determined that the defendant was not guilty, but because of what the defendant said during the commission of the crime aimed at the victim, the person is convicted of saying that.  That is where we have the First Amendment slippery slope. And I think if this ever happens, you will find this bill declared to be unconstitutional as a violation of the First Amendment in the blink of an eye.  Now, I know that there are a lot of groups that are strongly in favor of this type of legislation. One of our jobs here in the Congress of the United States, and particularly on the Judiciary Committee, is to make sure that what we consider and what we ask the House of Representatives to pass is well thought out and does not have this glaring gap that I have just described.  I would hope that my friends on the other side of the aisle who have been pushing this legislation would stop and think about what happens to this legislation if a defendant is acquitted of the crime of violence and then convicted for what that person says while committing the crime for which he was acquitted. Please think about that and come back with sentence enhancements, because that is the way to deal with this problem, not this bill.  