Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding to me.  I rise in support today of S. 386, the Fraud Enforcement Recovery Act of 2009. I am particularly pleased that the bill amends certain provisions of the False Claims Act, which allows private individuals with knowledge of past or present fraud committed against the government to file claims against Federal contractors. We need the False Claims Act, as it is the principal tool of law enforcement to combat fraud against Federal programs.  The False Claims Act was originally passed at the behest of President Lincoln during the Civil War to combat fraud against the Union Army. The act has been amended several times since then, with President Reagan signing the most recent bill in 1986, and an update is overdue.  The False Claims Act has been successful for the Federal Government. It has returned more than $20 billion in settlements and judgments to the U.S. Treasury over the past 20 years.  Although the False Claims Act has been successful, there is always room for improvement. Several Federal courts have applied and interpreted provisions of the FCA in ways that have substantially weakened the law. This bill changes that.  Congress recently approved a $787 billion stimulus package. As many of us know, the Federal Government itself will not dole out all of this money, but will rely on government contractors, grantees, and other third parties to distribute a large portion of these funds.  With the U.S. Government relying on private contractors to disburse funds for everything from our Medicare prescription drug program to our war efforts in Iraq to the stimulus money, billions of Federal dollars are now in jeopardy. The bailouts that Congress is approving left and right, without proper transparency or accountability, only adds to the amount of government funds in jeopardy from the fraudsters.  It is my hope that the House passes additional false claims provisions this year so that fraudsters will no longer be able to hide behind judicially created qualifications and evade liability. Especially in these challenging times, there is no patience for individuals making false claims and benefiting from them.  Although all of the provisions of the False Claims Corrections Act, which Iintroduced with the gentleman from California (Mr. Berman), were not included in this legislation, I am pleased that some were added. This is a good start, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to enact the rest of those provisions.  