Speaker, I rise to urge support for my Hybrid Truck bill. Newtaxes are not the only solution to climate change. We need to focus on our economy as we work to reduce our emissions. We can over-regulate our businesses, cripple our economic development, and watch as China and India race past us--sputtering greenhouse gases along the way--or Congress can create incentives that encourage the development of new technologies that will reduce our emissions, foster economic development, and allow U.S. manufacturers to export their energy-saving technologies worldwide.  Commercial traffic is truly vital to the American economy, and the fuel costs for trucks directly affect costs for all Americans. Higher prices for their fuel raise the prices of our food, healthcare, manufacturing, retail, waste removal, and other goods and services. While our economy would not survive without them, trucks consume huge quantities of oil, which raises the cost of their business, increases our dependence on oil, and injects greenhouse gases into our environment.  The answer is not to burden these businesses, already strained by high fuel costs, with additional taxes for the carbon dioxide they release. Instead, we need to encourage the development and introduction of technologies that will reduce their fuel consumption.  The technologies we need already exist. Everyone has seen hybrid cars. This technology, which combines gas and electric motors for a powerful and efficient engine, is even more practical in trucks. Even though there are fewer trucks on the road, trucks use more fuel.  Utility trucks, for example, typically drive short distances to and from a work site, but sit idle for hours while on site. A plug-in hybrid truck would use less fuel getting to and from the site, and could operate without any fuel while on site. Ultimately, a plug-in hybrid engine in a utility truck could use up to 60 percent less fuel.  Delivery trucks constantly stop and go. Hybrid engines excel at this type of driving because the engine can essentially turn off during short accelerations, while coasting, and when it is at a stop.  Developing these technologies will have benefits beyond fuel savings. By making our trucks more efficient, we will make our goods and services more affordable and become leaders in these new technologies. By helping American manufacturers research and commercialize new technologies, we can strengthen our economy, reduce our dependence on foreign oil, and lower our emissions.  H.R. 445 is one example of how technology, not taxes, can solve our energy crisis. This legislation will accelerate research of plug-in hybrid technology in trucks by creating grants for manufacturers to build, test, and sell plug-in hybrid utility and delivery trucks. This bill will put plug-in hybrid trucks on the road and help advance research and accelerate commercialization of an important technology.  