President, I would like to engage my fellow Senator from Maine in a colloquy regarding a new citizen-led education enterprise in our great State, the Aroostook Aspirations Initiative, AAI.  Aroostook County, where I was born and raised, is defined by an extraordinary work ethic and the enduring spirit of its people. It is Maine's northernmost and largest county, and its economy depends on an able and educated workforce. Too often, the goals of hard-working students in Aroostook County are impeded by the costs of higher education and the complexities of choosing a career. Thanks to the extraordinary commitment of Ray and Sandy Gauvin, those obstacles are being addressed in dramatic and dynamic ways.  Cognizant of the needs of students and indebted to a community that enabled their own success, the Gauvins have designed a multifaceted program aimed not only at educating but also empowering students in Aroostook County. Through AAI, they have established a scholarship fund, launched by their own generous donation, for high school students seeking postsecondary education. These scholarships target economically disadvantaged and first-generation college students throughout the county. AAI collaborates with the University of Maine at Presque Isle and at Fort Kent, the Northern Maine Community College, Husson University, area businesses and entrepreneurs to offer seminars to guide students throughout their postsecondary education. Students can also team up with Aroostook County employers through a cooperative internship program that gives them practical experience in careers they would like to pursue. These internships help lay the foundation for invaluable relationships with professional mentors.  I am extremely proud of the Gauvins, the business leaders with whom they have joined forces, and the accomplished students they have supported and will continue to assist through this wonderful program. I am confident that this initiative will enrich Aroostook County, its families, its future workforce, and its economy.  