 After 20 years in Congress--8 in the House and 12 here in the Senate--Senator Chambliss retires from this phase of service to Georgia and to our Nation with a well-deserved reputation as a true statesman.  At a time when the coarsening political discourse across our Nation and here in Congress is a growing concern, Senator Chambliss is a shining example of expertise and ability combined with civility and respect. He leaves Congress not only with many friends on both sides of the aisle, but also with many accomplishments to his credit.  His leadership in national security and intelligence in both Chambers has been a great asset to our Nation. From agriculture to armed services, Senator Chambliss has been an informed and effective advocate for his constituents and for the American people.  The golfers here might consider the hole-in-one he famously scored in a foursome with President Obama last year to be worthy of mention. Personally, as the founder and cochair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I would consider his dedication to the cause of juvenile diabetes to be a true highlight.  I have also had the great pleasure of serving with Senator Chambliss both on the Intelligence Committee, where he is the vice chairman, and previously on the Senate Armed Services Committee. I saw firsthand his extraordinary grasp of complicated issues that are so critical to the security of our Nation. I also witnessed how he would listen carefully to the views of others, whether on the Republican side of the aisle or from the Democratic Members on both committees.  But if there is one shining moment that stands out for me, it would be Senator Chambliss's leadership in the Gang of 6 during the 2011 debt ceiling crisis. At a time when it was far easier to stand back, point fingers, and fix blame, Senator Chambliss, along with Senator Mark Warner, led the way in producing a framework to provide a bipartisan, comprehensive, and balanced way to put our Nation on a stable fiscal path. The fact that our national debt has grown from $16 trillion to $18 trillion since then makes it all the more imperative that we continue the effort, with the leadership that was shown by Senator Chambliss and that he so courageously helped to start.  The fact that this dedicated and wise leader cited Washington gridlock and partisan posturing as the driving force in his decision to retire from the Senate should give us all cause to reflect.  Senator Saxby Chambliss has always been a voice of reason. No matter how bitter the debate, he has always engaged in thoughtful discussions that result in solutions. As he returns to private life, his advice will continue to be sought after and I hope heeded. His knowledge and insight will still be valued, and the example of decency and civility he has set should guide us all. I know his beloved wife, his children, and his grandchildren will be happy to have more of Senator Chambliss's time, but for those of us who have been privileged to serve with him in the Senate, his decision to retire is a great loss.  The people of Georgia, the people of America, and those of us who have been privileged to serve as Saxby Chambliss's colleagues are grateful for his service. I wish him all the best in the years to come, both on and off the golf course.  Thank you, Madam President.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  