President, I rise in strong support of the nomination of Dr. William ``Bro'' Adams to be Chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities, NEH.  The NEH is one of the largest supporters of humanities programs in the United States. The individual scholars, museums, libraries, universities, and other cultural institutions it supports enrich communities across the country. Through his extensive and impressive work in public service, education, and the humanities, Dr. Adams is well-qualified to lead the Endowment.  A Vietnam war veteran, Fulbright Scholar, college president, and board member for both the Maine Film Center and the Maine Public Broadcasting Corporation, Dr. Adams' diverse experiences have prepared him to lead the Nation's cultural agency. He is a graduate of Colorado College and earned his Ph.D. in the history of consciousness from the University of California at Santa Cruz.  Dr. Adams recently retired from a successful tenure as president of Colby College in Waterville, ME, where he served from 2000 through June of this year. He launched and executed an ambitious plan to expand the school and its cultural presence, overseeing a $376 million capital campaign--the largest ever in the State of Maine. In doing so, Dr. Adams helped found the Goldfarb Center for Public Affairs and Civic Engagement, construct the Diamond Building for Social Sciences, launch a film studies program, and expand Colby's creative writing curriculum. Additionally, he played a pivotal role in growing Colby's Museum of Art into one of the largest art collections in Maine.  Under Dr. Adams' leadership, Colby College has supported several projects that have helped to reinvigorate the humanities in the Waterville community. These have included forging partnerships on major renovation projects such as of the Waterville Opera House, the Hathaway Creative Center's historic mill property, the Waterville Public Library, and the Maine Film Center.  Dr. Adams is a proven leader whose engagement and direction have enriched the State of Maine. I am confident that Bro Adams will lead the NEH and serve our country with great vision and integrity. I urge my colleagues to support this nomination.  