President, when Senator Mike Johanns stated in February of last year that he had decided not to seek a second term in the Senate, he did so in a way that revealed so much about his character. There was no dramatic press conference, there were no weeks of rumors, there were no guessing games. Instead, there was just a simple and brief press release.  Then, the very next day it was back to work for Senator Johanns, traveling throughout the State of Nebraska for a series of townhall meetings with the people he is honored to serve.  Nine months later, in October of 2013, his character again shone through. The Federal Government was shut down due to a massive failure to govern responsibly. It was stifling our economy and causing great harm to the trust the American people deserve to have in their government.  As a key member of our Common Sense Coalition, Senator Johanns worked effectively and quietly to restore government operations and to restore citizen trust in government. Again, no dramatics, no search for the limelight, just solid results, just effective leadership.  Quiet, effective leadership guided by common sense has been the hallmark throughout the Senator's 32 years in public service. From Lancaster County commissioner and mayor of Lincoln to Governor of Nebraska and U.S. Secretary of Agriculture, he has been well informed, thoughtful, and untiring.  The old farm country saying that sowing is easy, reaping is hard perfectly describes his record of accomplishment and his determination to see any task to its completion. Most of all, the Senator from Nebraska always does what he thinks is in the best interests of our country and of the people he so proudly represents.  In an interview shortly before he announced that he would be leaving the Senate, Senator Johanns said he hoped he would be remembered as ``a guy who was good to work with.''  Working with Senator Mike Johanns has been more than just good. It has been an honor and a privilege and I wish him and Stephanie all the best.  Thank you for your service.  