President, I was not at all surprised as I listened to the words of our colleague Senator Tom Coburn that he quoted extensively from the Declaration of Independence and he referred to our Constitution--the founding documents of our great country.  When America's Founders conceived of a nation of citizen legislators, they had leaders like Senator Tom Coburn in mind. Indeed, throughout his service in Congress, he has remained a compassionate physician, a devoted husband and father, a fierce defender of the rights enshrined in our Constitution, and an unwavering opponent of excessive spending.  Senator Coburn may be best known as our most diligent fiscal watchdog, relentlessly hounding wasteful spending. His annual ``Wastebook'' report is a call for transparency and accountability in the Federal Government that has guided oversight investigations and policy debates.  The aspect of his service in the Senate that deserves just as much acclaim is his work on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and the Select Committee on Intelligence. Serving with Senator Coburn on both of those committees for many years, I have seen firsthand his brilliance, his tenacity, and his determination to strengthen our Nation and the safety of our people. He has a keen understanding of the grave and ever-evolving threats that our Nation faces.  As a citizen legislator, Senator Coburn leads by example and with compassion. With his expertise as a physician, he has been a leader in promoting wellness, disease prevention, combatting HIV/AIDS, and advancing biomedical research. When it comes to fiscal responsibility, he walks the walk, having returned more than $1 million from his Senate office budget to the American taxpayers.  We have heard many descriptions of Tom Coburn today, but the word I most associate with him is ``integrity.'' He is a man of the utmost integrity, who always stands tall for his principles and for what he believes in. He sets an example for all of us who seek to serve the public.  On a personal note, I want to thank Senator Coburn for hounding me into joining a women's prayer breakfast that meets each week and has introduced me to a number of wonderful women from the House of Representatives who have become my close friends as well as colleagues. And I use the word ``hound'' appropriately. He mentioned it to me so many times that eventually I gave in and went to one of those breakfasts, and, indeed, it has been a spiritually enriching experience that I never would have had but for Tom continuing to press me to attend.  This past January Senator Coburn announced his intention to leave the Senate, due in part to his deepening health problems--problems he has faced with extraordinary courage. This somber news was counterbalanced by his overarching concern, not for himself, but for his family and for the people of his State and our Nation.  As he now returns to the life of a private citizen, I wish him every success in combatting his illness, and I thank him for his truly extraordinary service to our country. To quote from Scripture, I think everyone would agree with these words when it comes to Tom Coburn: ``Well done, good and faithful servant.''  