President, I rise to give a tribute to Senator Pryor, whose remarks we have just heard.  Through nearly a quarter of a century of dedicated public service, Senator Mark Pryor has established a strong reputation as the voice of reason.  From an Arkansas legislator and attorney general to a U.S. Senator, Senator Pryor has always put the people first. To me, he has been an admired colleague, a great collaborator, and a treasured friend. Working with Senator Pryor during his service in the Senate, I know that he acquired his voice of reason the old-fashioned way: He is such a good listener.  All of us are pretty good talkers, or we wouldn't be here, but Senator Pryor has the distinction of being a good listener. Whether debating colleagues on the Senate floor or interacting with his guests on his Pryor-Side Chats back home, he has consistently demonstrated that he is one of those special individuals who can disagree without ever being disagreeable. He always sticks to his principles, yet he respects the principles of those with whom he disagrees. He is well informed but always open to new information.  It has been a particular pleasure to work with Senator Pryor on the homeland security committee for many years and on the Committee on Appropriations. His work ethic, his attention to detail, his willingness, once again, to listen to alternative views have been great assets in addressing the challenges we face in our country.  He has been a diligent fiscal watchdog for the Nation's taxpayers. To me, Senator Pryor's approach to public service is best defined by the crucial role he played in ending the government shutdown in the fall of 2013 and as a member of the Gang of 14 in 2005. In each case he worked closely with me and with other Members to end a crisis and to achieve a responsible, commonsense solution. In each case he listened and he led.  As a charter member of our Common Sense Coalition last year, Senator Pryor stepped forward to restore both government operations and help to restore some modicum of citizen confidence in our Senate, in our government.  These certainly were not the only times that Senator Pryor's bipartisan approach and concern for the well-being of Americans had been evident. In 2007, after a large number of recalls following injuries and deaths that caused parents throughout America to be concerned about the safety of their children's toys--especially those manufactured overseas--he once again stepped forward to lead. After an extensive investigation in the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator Pryor worked with those of us on the Republican side on a bill to strengthen the Consumer Product Safety Commission so that we can now better detect and counter threats to our children's health before these threats even reach the store shelves, and eventually homes, schools, and daycare centers.  From restoring trust in government to protecting our children, Senator Pryor has proven over and over again that bipartisanship works. It is so significant that his message to us today is that the dysfunction and hyperpartisanship that have characterized the Senate cannot stand.  That is a wonderful parting message, and it is typical of Senator Pryor that rather than talking about all of his accomplishments, he instead is beseeching the Senate to work together in the interests of all Americans--whether we are Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Greens, or not affiliated with any party at all.  The 2014 election did not produce the result Senator Pryor had hoped for, but it did reveal another aspect of his extraordinary character. His message to the people of Arkansas and to the new Senator-elect on election night was genuine and it was gracious. To the people of Arkansas, he simply expressed his sincere gratitude for the opportunity to serve. But may these words, spoken that evening to us in the Chamber, which he echoed today, be his legacy. He said that night:       The biggest and most serious problem we are facing in this      Nation today is the dysfunction of our political system in      Washington. We have incredible potential, but we won't reach      it unless Washington starts to work again for all of us.  Mark Pryor has been an extraordinary individual who always did what he believed was right. He has contributed enormously to our country and served his State well.  I commend him for his service and I thank him for his commitment, his integrity, and, most of us all, for his friendship.  Thank you, Mark.  I yield the floor.  