 President, I rise today to introduce the Dalai Lama Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2006.  This legislation would convey upon the 14th Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso, one of Congress' most prestigious awards for his advocacy of peace, tolerance, human rights, non-violence, and compassion throughout the globe.  I am deeply honored to be joined today by my colleague, Senator Thomas, and wish to express my appreciation to him for his willingness to be the lead Republican sponsor of this legislation.  Senator Thomas has long been an advocate for addressing the plight of the Tibetan people, and in 2001 joined with me in introducing the Tibetan Policy Act, the first piece of legislation outlining U.S. policy toward Tibet and its people. He was truly instrumental in helping to advance its passage in the Congress.  In fact, one of my proudest days as a U.S. Senator was on September 30, 2002, when President George W. Bush signed the Tibetan Policy Act into law.  Both Senator Thomas and I are also grateful that 73 of our Senate colleagues have agreed to be original cosponsors of this legislation honoring the Dalai Lama.  Under the rules, Congressional Gold Medals need the support of at least two-thirds, or 67 Senators, in order for the Senate Banking Committee to consider such authorizing legislation.  I look forward to working closely with Chairman Shelby and Ranking Member Sarbanes to ensure that the Dalai Lama Congressional Gold Medal Act can be taken up and passed out of the Banking Committee in a timely and efficient manner.  In my view, there is no international figure more deserving of the Congressional Gold Medal than His Holiness the Dalai Lama.  This is a man who has dedicated his life to the betterment of humanity as a whole. As one of the most respected religious figures in the world today, the Dalai Lama's teachings on peace, non-violence and ecumenical openness have been embraced by millions.  One of his greatest contributions has been his promotion of harmony and respect among the different religious faiths of the world.  In his own words: ``I always believe that it is much better to have a variety of religions, a variety of philosophies, rather than one single religion or philosophy. This is necessary because of the different mental dispositions of each human being. Each religion has certain unique ideas or techniques, and learning about them can only enrich one's faith.''  As the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism, he has worked arduously for nearly 50 years to increase understanding between China and the people of Tibet.  He has also dedicated his life to the preservation of the Tibetan culture, religion, and language.  The Dalai Lama's story is a fascinating one.  In 1959, as a teenager, he fled his Tibetan homeland for neighboring India, where he established a government-in-exile that eventually settled at Dharmasala--in the Himalayan foothills.  While he admittedly once espoused independence for Tibet--particularly in the face of the heavy-handed oppression of the Tibetan people by the Chinese Communists--the Dalai Lama foreswore this position nearly two decades ago.  Alternatively, he began to pursue a reasonable and flexible ``Middle Way Approach'' that would provide for cultural and religious autonomy for Tibetans, within the People's Republic of China.  In 1989, the Dalai Lama was the recipient of the Noble Peace Prize for his consistent and unfailing advocacy for the rights of the Tibetan people, along with his promotion of non-violence and peace throughout the globe.  In their recommendation, the Nobel Committee wrote:       The Committee wants to emphasize the fact that the Dalai      Lama in his struggle for the liberation of Tibet consistently      has opposed the use of violence. He has instead advocated      peaceful solutions based upon tolerance and mutual respect in      order to preserve the historical and cultural heritage of his      people.  In April 1991 , when the Congress welcomed the Dalai Lama in a ceremony in the Capitol Rotunda that was attended by the entire Congressional leadership, he offered a moving anecdote about receiving a small gift from President Franklin Roosevelt when he was a young boy.  That gift--a gold watch showing phases of the moon and the days of the week--became very special to him.  ``I marveled at the distant land which could make such a practical object so beautiful,'' he said.  ``But what truly inspired me were your ideas of freedom and democracy. I felt that your principles were identical to my own, the Buddhist beliefs in fundamental human rights freedom, equality, tolerance and compassion for all.''  I have been blessed to be able to call the Dalai Lama a friend for almost three decades. I first met him through my husband Richard during a trip to India and Nepal in the fall of 1978.  Incidentally, our first stop was in Dharmasala, where we met with His Holiness and invited him to visit San Francisco where I was mayor.  The Dalai Lama was grateful for the invitation. At that time, he had never even been to the United States.  For political reasons, the Chinese objected to his visiting the United States, and our government, which at that time was in the process of normalizing relations with the People's Republic of China, was sensitive to these concerns.  While the trip was postponed temporarily, as mayor I was delighted to receive the Dalai Lama and present him with a key to the city upon his arrival in San Francisco in September 1979.  During our many conversations over the years, His Holiness has often reiterated that, at its core, Buddhism espouses reaching out to help others, particularly the less fortunate. And it encourages us all to be more kind and compassionate.  The Dalai Lama's persona exudes these qualities. He has a great sense of humor, responds quite spontaneously, and his philosophies cross all religions, cultures, and ethnic lines.  I have visited with him many times since 1978, and while his principled beliefs have never wavered, his teachings have become more expansive. His message has never been more relevant in our troubled world.  At the same time, I also had the opportunity as mayor of San Francisco to become acquainted with several of China's future leaders through the San Francisco-Shanghai Sister City Relationship that I started with Mayor Wang Daohan in 1980.  Mayor Wang's immediate successors, Jiang Zemin and Zhu Rongji, were both later promoted to high-level positions in the Chinese Communist Party and Central Government after leaving Shanghai.  Consequently, since 1990, my husband and I have had many discussions with Jiang Zemin, Zhu Rongji, and other Chinese officials about the status of the Dalai Lama and the plight of the Tibetans in and outside of Tibet.  On three separate occasions over the past 15 years, I have hand-delivered letters from His Holiness to the Chinese leadership, asking for direct talks and reiterating that he does not seek independence for Tibet.  I know that at the same time President Bill Clinton, President George W. Bush, and many others in the U.S. Government have also encouraged a meaningful dialogue. For the most part, these efforts have had little success.  If His Holiness the Dalai Lama were to return to Tibet, his wish is, as he says, to be a simple monk and to be involved only in religious and cultural matters.  China will be a better nation when it embraces the aspirations of the Tibetan people.  Through the passage of this legislation, the United States Senate would recognize the Dalai Lama's worldwide contributions to peace and religious understanding.  Among past recipients of the Congressional Gold Medal are fellow moral and religious leaders, including Pope John Paul II and Mother Teresa, and fellow Nobel Peace Laureates, such as Elie Wiesel and Nelson Mandela.  By definition, a Congressional Gold Medal is reserved for the most heroic, courageous and outstanding--those who we wish to emulate in our life's actions.  I strongly believe that the Dalai Lama is such an individual.  I am proud that the U.S. Congress has a long record of showing support for the Dalai Lama's message of peace and compassion, and I look forward to joining my colleagues in recognizing him with this distinguished award.  