 President yesterday, we lost a great politicial great woman with an incredibly energy who helped to change the attitude of Texas politics.  Ann Richards was born in Lakeview, TX, in 1933. She died yesterday, September 13, in Austin, TX, at the age of 73.  She battled cancer in the last months of her life, being diagnosed with esophageal cancer in March and undergoing chemotherapy treatments.  I would like to extend my deepest sympathy to her four children--Cecile, Daniel, Clark and Ellen--who were with her when she passed away.  Ann Richards was a homemaker and teacher before beginning her political career as a county commissioner in Travis county, TX, in 1976. Six years later, in 1982, she ran for State treasurer and won. She was reelected in 1986. Winning the office of Texas State treasurer made her the first woman elected statewide in nearly 50 years.  Like so many female politicians of our time, running for office in a male-dominated political environment took courage and determination. But Ann didn't take on these challenges only to prove that she was a worthy candidate. She wanted to show Texas, and the Nation, that all women could succeed in the same way that men had for many years. She blazed a trail for women, in politics and in life.  Two years later, in 1990, Ann Richards narrowly won the election to Governor, winning by a margin of 49 to 47 percent. Again, she fought a tough campaign battle against a male opponent. But with her fierce determination, she came out on top.  During her 4 years in the Governor's office, Ann Richards made a strong effect, championing what she referred to as the ``New Texas.''  As Governor, Ann Richards promoted women and minorities who historically were ignored in Texas politics; reformed the Texas prison system; backed proposals to reduce the sale of semiautomatic firearms and ``cop-killer'' bullets in the State; instituted the Texas State lottery to provide funding for education; revitalized the State's economy; and worked to protect the environment, particularly with a veto of legislation that would have allowed for the destruction of the Edwards Aquifer in south central Texas.  She was defeated in her 1994 reelection campaign by George W. Bush.  Near the end of her term as Governor, Ann Richards said: ``I think I'd like them to remember me by saying, `She opened government to everyone.' ''  She was a popular figure in Texas politics, known for her white head of hair and her great sense of humor.  And she was daring, on the political stage and off. At the age of 60, she learned to ride a motorcycle.  Ann Richards will be missed. For her charisma, for her integrity, and for her honesty.  