 President, I rise today as a cosponsor of the Kyl amendment dealing with royalty relief. The amendment would put an end to the Federal Government giving the oil and gas industry incentives to drill when oil and natural gas prices are high.  The amendment includes a provision that Senator Gregg and I successfully included in the Senate Interior Appropriations bill that would fix an administrative error that was made in 1998 and 1999. This provision also passed the House by a vote of 252 to 165.  In 1998 and 1999, the Department of Interior inadvertently omitted price thresholds from contracts entered into with oil and gas companies.  This omission has allowed oil companies to produce in Federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico for free while consumers are paying $3 a gallon at the pump. And it will cost American taxpayers $10 billion over the next 25 years.  Essentially, the amendment provides energy companies with a choice: They can keep their existing leases royalty-free if they so choose, but be barred from bidding on a new lease, or agree to renegotiate the terms of the existing lease and be free to bid on new leases.  In my view, the oil companies do not need incentives at a time when they are making record profits. Just last week, the companies reported their second quarter profits, and again, they hit new records. ExxonMobil made $10.36 billion in the second quarter of 2006; that is almost $3 billion more than they made in the second quarter of 2005. Shell reported a second quarter profit of $7.32 billion--more than $2 billion greater than their second quarter profit in 2005. And BP's profits were $7.27 billion, or just less than $2 billion greater than their second quarter 2005 profits.  The oil companies themselves have said that they do not need royalty relief. At the Joint Energy and NaturalResources and Committee hearing on November 9, 2005, the oil executives were asked by Senator Wyden:       Gentlemen, the President says and I quote ``With $55 oil,      we don't need incentives to oil and gas companies to explore.      There are plenty of incentives.'' Now today the price of oil      is above $55 per barrel. Is the President wrong when he says      we don't need incentives for oil and gas exploration?  All responded that they did not need incentives.  In addition, a lawyer for Shell Oil, Michael Coney, recently told the New York Times:       Under the current environment, we don't need royalty      relief.  The amendment passed by the House and by the Senate Appropriations Committee has spurred oil companies to admit publicly that they would be willing to renegotiate their leases to include a price threshold. But without congressional pressure, there is no reason for them to actually do it. We need to hold their feet to the fire in order to make sure the leases are really renegotiated.  I just want to take a minute to focus on the issues that the oil companies have raised in opposition to this amendment: First, they raised the issue that foreign companies were going to take over production in the Gulf of Mexico.  Nothing could be farther from the truth. Regulations implementing the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act state that ``Mineral leases issued pursuant to the Act . . . may be only held by Citizens and Nationals of the United States . . . or private, public or municipal corporations organized under the laws of the United States or of any State or of the District of Columbia or territory thereof . . .''  Secondly, the oil companies have argued that the amendment will hurt oil and gas production.  In fact, the amendment will not impact the daily production of more than 1.5 million barrels of oil and 10 billion cubic feet of natural gas from the Gulf of Mexico.  Oil companies are also free to explore and drill in the more than 4,000 untapped leases in the Gulf of Mexico that have already been leased to them. The amendment simply prohibits oil companies that fail to renegotiate existing royalty-free leases from obtaining new ones.  Finally, and most importantly, the oil companies say that the amendment attacks the sanctity of contracts.  And the oil companies couldn't be more wrong on this point.  CRS has issued two papers now stating that the amendment is constitutional. Specifically, CRS says ``the amendment's incentive to renegotiate . . . gives the government side a classic argument that there is no taking here: the decision of a . . . leaseholder to renegotiate is voluntary, and voluntary actions cannot be the basis of a taking claim.''  In addition, CRS shows that case law supports the fact that amendment does not violate contracts.  The courts have determined that if there is no legal compulsion, the voluntary compromise of a property right in exchange for an economic benefit is not a taking.  And I would like to reiterate--the amendment offers energy companies a choice: compromise a property right--exemption from payment of royalties--in exchange for a possible economic benefit--ability to bid on new OCS leases.  This amendment is not a taking, because the government is not taking any property right from the oil companies; it is merely offering an incentive to renegotiate their leases--an incentive that the oil companies are free to decline.  We should not be giving away this oil and gas for free while consumers are paying record high prices to fuel their cars and heat their homes, and oil companies are making record profits.  Unless we act to force the companies to renegotiate the leases, taxpayers are going to be left holding the bill for $10 billion.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  