 President, I rise to discuss again the amendment offered by myself and Senator Leahy to this bill on the use of a munition called a cluster bomb. Our amendment is very simple. It prevents any funds from being spent to purchase, use, or transfer cluster munitions until rules of engagement have been adopted by the Department of Defense to ensure that such munitions will not be used in or near any concentration of civilians.  That is not a difficult requirement. It seems to me, because of the widespread damage caused by these munitions, that there ought to be specific rules of engagement which ban their use in areas where civilian death or maiming might result.  Cluster munitions are large bombs, rockets, or artillery shells that contain up to hundreds of small submunitions or individual bomblets. They are intended for attacking enemy troop formations, and they release these smallbomblets over the radius of a half mile. In practice, they pose a real threat to the safety of civilians when used in populated areas because they leave hundreds of unexploded bomblets over a large area, and they are often inaccurate. In some cases, up to 40 percent of cluster bombs fail to explode, posing a particular danger to civilians long after the conflict has ended.  Bomblets are no bigger than a D battery and in some cases resemble a tennis ball, so they are attractive to small children who pick them up to play with them. Then the bomblet explodes and the individual is either killed or maimed.  I would like to show three photographs.  On March 25, 2003, a youngster by the name of Abdallah Yaqoob was sleeping in his bed in his home in Basra, Iraq when he was hit with shrapnel from a cluster munitions strike that hit his neighborhood. He lost his arm, and his abdomen was severely damaged. He was hit by a British L20A1/M85 munition--a cluster bomb.  Second, Falah Hassan, 13, was injured by an unexploded ground-launched submunition in Iraq on March 26, 2003. The explosion severed his right hand and spread shrapnel throughout his body. He lost his left index finger and soft tissue in his lower limbs.  This is a photo of an unexploded M42 cluster submunition found on a barbed-wire fence in southern Iraq in August 2006. As you will see, this is the bomblet and this is a small pinecone. You will see how small this bomblet is, hanging on the barbed wire.  These unexploded cluster bombs become, in essence, de facto landmines.  The issue was first brought to my attention by a 2005 PBS documentary entitled ``Bombies'' which chronicled the impact of unexploded cluster bombs in Laos. This is startling. In Laos alone, there are between 9 and 27 million unexploded cluster bombs. They are leftovers from U.S. bombing campaigns in the 1960s and 1970s. Approximately 11,000 people, 30 percent of them children, have been killed or injured since that war ended--11,000 killed or injured by cluster bombs. So 40 to 50 years after these munitions were used, their deadly force remains active.  As the documentary showed, these unexploded cluster bombs have ended up in bamboo trees, in playgrounds, in houses, on rice paddies, and in schools. They have been found in the ground where farmers prepare their fields to plant. They have threatened their lives and their livelihood. As one farmer from northern Laos put it, ``Working in these fields is a problem. There are lots of bombies. But we work very carefully. If we work fast, we are afraid we'll hit a bombie.''  These farmers have to tend the fields and put their lives at risk because they have to grow food to feed their families. Decades after the last bomb was dropped, they are still threatened by death and serious injury. A cluster bomb is lethal for up to 150 yards. It will kill or maim the person who picks it up and those nearby.  I remind my colleagues, these munitions have been used in many battles in many wars.  In the first gulf war, 60,000 cluster bombs were used, containing 20 million bomblets. Since 1991, unexploded bomblets have killed 1,600 innocent men, women, and children and injured more than 2,500.  In Afghanistan in 2001, 1,228 cluster bombs with nearly a quarter of a million--248,056--bomblets were used.  Between October of 2001 and November of 2002--that is just 1 year--127 civilians were killed, 70 percent of them under the age of 18.  In Iraq in 2003, 13,000 cluster bombs with nearly 2 million bomblets were used. Combining the first and second gulf wars, the total number of unexploded bomblets in the region is approximately 1.2 million. An estimated 1,220 Kuwaitis and 400 Iraqi civilians have been killed since 1991 by these discarded munitions.  Here we have it: In Iraq, 13,000 cluster bombs, two million bomblets; in Afghanistan, 1,200 cluster bombs, a quarter of a million bomblets, numbers killed in a year, 127 civilians; in the first gulf war, 61,000 used, 20 million bomblets lying around, 1,600 innocent, men, women, and children killed, more than 2,500 wounded since 1991.  This gives rise to recent developments in Lebanon. Throughout southern Lebanon, more than 405 cluster bomb sites containing approximately 100,000 unexploded bomblets have been discovered. Each site covers a radius of 220 yards. As Lebanese children and families return to their homes and begin to rebuild, they will be exposed to the danger of these unexploded bomblets lying in the rubble. Thirteen people already, including three young children, have been killed, and 48 injured. One United Nations official estimates that the rate of unexploded bomblets is 40 percent in southern Lebanon. So far, more than 2,900 exploded bomblets have been destroyed. It will take 12 to 15 months to complete that effort.  The State Department is looking into charges that the cluster bombs found in southern Lebanon were American-made and that they were used in violation of agreements between the United States and Israel that govern their use. I do not know whether that is true. We have tried to find out. At this time, and despite repeated inquiries, I am unaware what those agreements actually say and what conditions they place on Israel. It seems to me we ought to know. It seems to me this information ought to be transparent and that the Congress of the United States, in the process of lawmaking, is entitled to that information.  By passing this information and codifying this language in statute we will help ensure that civilian populations will be protected by adequate rules of engagement that accompany the sale or transfer of these weapons to another country and the rules of engagement that condition their use by our military in foreign countries.  Each death that results from an unexploded bomblet weakens American diplomacy and American values. How do people in Laos feel when they live and farm with the daily threat of running into one of these bomblets? How do they feel in Afghanistan, Iraq, in southern Lebanon, in any other place where civilians can be wounded and killed by these bomblets?  Simply put, unexploded cluster bombs fuel anger and resentment. They make security, stabilization, and reconstruction efforts that much harder.  Senator Leahy and I are not the only ones that feel this way. Former Secretary of Defense Bill Cohen recognized the threat that cluster bombs pose to civilians and U.S. troops alike because they litter a battlefield. He issued a memorandum which became known as the Cohen policy. It stated that beginning in 2005 all new cluster bombs would have a failure rate of less than 1 percent.  This was an important step forward. But we still have 5\1/2\ million cluster bombs containing 728 million bomblets. They are aging in the American arsenal. This indicates we are still prepared to use, transfer, or sell an enormous number of cluster bombs that have significant failure rates.  I ask this question: Is this the source of legacy we want to leave behind in Iraq and Afghanistan?  Let me be clear, this amendment does not place a ban on cluster bombs. It is a simple step that will give the Pentagon time to develop specific guidelines to ensure that cluster bombs are not used in or near populated areas. Does anyone in this Senate believe that a cluster munition should be used in a civilian populated area? That person can stand up and talk to that point of view. It is unconscionable. It is immoral. It is beyond the laws of warfare. If somebody wants to argue that point of view, so be it. If that is the kind of country a Member wants to represent, so be it. It is not the country I want to represent.  This is a simple amendment which says no funds will be used until there are rules of engagement that say that these munitions will not be used in civilian areas where death and maiming is apt to result.  This amendment will go a long way toward ensuring only prudent battlefield use. I hope this amendment has an opportunity to pass.  I yield the floor and I reserve the remainder of my time.  How much time remains?  