 President, this is an amendment to modify the conditions under which aliens who are lawfully present in the United States are granted legal status. It is submitted on behalf of Senator Harkin and myself. We have a half hour to argue the amendment tomorrow, but I would like to just raise a few points about it tonight. I did have the opportunity to speak about it earlier, but I recognize many Members were not yet back and available.  This amendment creates an orange card, a replica of which is on my left. This would streamline the process for earned legalization. It would create a more workable and practical program than exists in the Hagel-Martinez compromise, and it would dedicate the necessary dollars to cover the costs of administering this program. This amendment builds on compromises already agreed to under the McCain-Kennedy and Hagel-Martinez proposals, and it incorporates the amendments already adopted on the floor, but it eliminates what I consider to be a very unworkable three-tier program. This amendment only deals with the earned legalization parts of the bill. It does not change any of the border security provisions, the guest worker program, or any other component of the bill. It would simply eliminate the program created by Hagel-Martinez and replace it with this orange card program.  Under Hagel-Martinez, there are three tiers. Now, note this: We have not voted on Hagel-Martinez. Hagel-Martinez was an arrangement put together by Members of this body and it was brought up by using rule XIV. We have not voted on it. It essentially takes the 11.1 million people now in this country--working in this country, living in this country, raising their families in this country, but doing so in a clandestine way--and divides them into three different categories. For the 6.7 million who have been here more than 5 years, it would provide a transition to achieve earned legalization. For the 1.6 million who have been here less than 2 years or the 2.8 million whohave been here from 2 to 5 years, it creates two different tiers, and this is the bone of contention, these two different tiers.  I would say for anyone here as of the first of the year, we should provide this orange card process which I will describe in a moment. The problem doing it the Hagel-Martinez way is that it opens the door for fraud and for manipulation because you essentially have 4.4 million people here less than 5 years who would come forward and produce, in all likelihood, fraudulent documents, or simply remain in a clandestine status because they are working and they have families here.  The 2.8 million who have been here 2 to 5 years are then subject to leave the country, to touch back and enter into the country through a visa program, most likely the H-2C worker program which has 200,000. We lowered the cap for the H-2C program from 325,000 to 200,000 in an earlier amendment offered by Senator Bingaman and myself. But what people haven't realized is that the cap would be waived for individuals coming in from this tier, which would raise the guest worker program to 3 million people. And then here is the rub with the guest worker program: they would have to return after a period of time to their country. Therefore, there is no automatic path to earned legalization for these people, unless they can get an employer to petition for them for a green card. I think that is an unusual responsibility placed on an employer for so many people, and I think it is not fair for the employee, either.  Therefore, we have put forward a three-step process under the orange card amendment, which has received the support of 115 organizations and groups.  Under this amendment, all undocumented aliens who are in the United States as of January 1 would immediately register a preliminary application with the Department of Homeland Security.  At the time of the registration, they would submit fingerprints to the Customs and Immigration Services facility so that criminal and national security background checks could commence. It would create a more precise registration that would allow this to proceed electronically. That is a major key--proceed electronically so that DHS would have time to do the necessary processing and vet the application in an orderly manner. Then they would submit a full application for their orange card.  Once they have passed the security background check, they have paid their back taxes, they have paid the $2,000 fine, then they would be issued the orange card. The orange card would have biometric identifiers, would have the history of the individual, and would have a number, and this number would be designed so that those who have been here the longest would be first in the line for the green card at the end of the work period.  As everyone recalls, there are 3.3 million people back in their own countries waiting for green cards. None of this goes into play until that green card list is expunged. It is estimated that could take anywhere from 6 to 11 years. So during that period of time, individuals in this country would have an identifier: the orange card. This would be their identification. They could come and go with it. It is fraud-proof, it is biometric, it has a photo, it has a fingerprint, and therefore provides a safe methodology. As long as individuals fill out the annual reports required by the program which attest to their work history, pay the fine, and pay their back taxes, they would keep the orange card effectively in place.  I wish to comment that first of all, Senators Hagel and Martinez have done a service. They have tried to work out a compromise. I find fault with that compromise only when you read the small print of the bill language. When you read the bill language, you see that it is a huge program with 4.4 million people having to be found, having to be sought out. If they are here for less than the 2 years, they are deported. Who would deport them? How would they be found? You are going to find 2 million people? I think that is very difficult to do. We know employer sanctions haven't worked. In 2004, total convictions under employer sanctions for the tens of thousands of employers who employ these people was a total number of 47.  So I believe the orange card would serve us well. It is a streamlined process. It has the ability to consider all people to avoid the problem of deportation but to create a system which is secure, where people are checked out, where they are held accountable for their work, held accountable for their payment of back taxes, held accountable for the payment of a fine so they can then come out of the shadows and live a more normal and more productive life.  This goes back to the original McCain-Kennedy formula, but in essence it essentially provides that there is an orderly process connected with this.  As I said earlier, I think there is a critical flaw in Hagel-Martinez, and that is those people who fall into the second tier can remain in the United States legally for up to 3 years, and then they must leave the country and find a legal program from which they may reenter the United States. This is the flaw because this would subject people to, once again, going back into a clandestine lifestyle rather than running the risk that they leave their families, go home, can't get into a program, and then can't come back again.  The other problem with the Hagel-Martinez program is that if an individual doesn't work for 60 consecutive days, they are out. There is no provision for injury, there is no provision for illness, and when you are dealing with 6 million people, that is a problem. Some people are going to be the victims of bona fide injuries or bona fide catastrophic circumstances and not able to work for a period of time. So if they become injured or ill and effectively can't be on the job for 60 consecutive days at any given time during the year, they are then subject to deportation.  I believe we have an opportunity, through the border patrol with 12,000 additional agents, 2,500 additional inspectors, the money in the supplemental appropriations bill for the border, the National Guard doing logistical support and physical work on the border, and the fence to be built on the border, to make a major step forward in securing our borders. The next step and the most important part of the bill is what is the proper handling of the 10 million to 12 million people who are here illegally in our country at this time.  I would respectfully submit to this body that the fair handling of these people is creating a pathway to an earned--not an amnesty--but an earned legalization where people have to document over a consequential period of time that they are working, they are good citizens, they are learning English, they are paying their taxes, and they are paying the fine. All of the proceeds from this fine would go to support the costs of the program. If there are 10 million people, at $2,000, that produces $20 billion for the additional hires that are necessary to run this program and hopefully run it well.  So we will continue to argue this tomorrow, and I ask that the amendment be set aside at this time.  