 I thought, there has been progress.  I am very pleased to join my chairman in recommending the 2007 Military Construction-Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies appropriations bill to the Senate. I thank my friend Chairman Hutchison for her hard work on this bill, and I especially thank the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Cochran, and the ranking member, Senator Byrd, for their support and help in bringing this bill to the floor.  This past weekend the Nation observed Veterans Day, the day we set aside to honor America's veterans with ceremonies across this great land.Today the Senate takes up a bill that backs up the speeches and ceremonies with the funding necessary to provide the services our veterans were promised and that they both need and deserve. The bill before us today is a critically important funding measure for our Nation's veterans and for the Active and Reserve Forces in the military. It is a good bill.  The bill provides a total of $94.3 billion in its three titles. The bulk of the funding, $77.9 billion, is for the Department of Veterans Affairs. Of that amount, $41.4 billion is mandatory spending for veterans benefit programs, such as veterans compensation and pensions, and $36.5 billion is discretionary spending, primarily for the medical program. This means that medical service programs are funded at the level necessary to meet the needs of our veterans. Both the chairman and I believe this is so.  The funding in this bill for the Department of Veterans Affairs is equal to the President's budget request and almost $6.5 billion--that is an increase of 9 percent--over the fiscal year 2006 enacted level. This increase is necessary due to the Iraq and Afghanistan situation.  For veterans health, the bill provides $32.67 billion. That is an increase of 11.3 percent above the 2006 level. It includes $3.2 billion for mental health, a $340 million increase over last year's enacted level. And it includes $4.3 billion, a $228 million increase over last year's enacted level, for geriatrics and extended care to assist the Nation's aging veterans population.  For military construction, which 2 years ago was all that we did together--now we also have the veterans budget for the second year--the bill includes $16.3 billion in funding. That is for a wide range of mission-critical facilities--barracks, daycare centers, family housing projects, both within the United States and overseas. Also included in that funding is $5.24 billion to implement the most recent base realignment and closure round, not so fondly known as BRAC around here.  Last but not least, the bill includes $143 million for a group of small but essential agencies, including the American Battle Monuments Commission and the Armed Forces Retirement Home. This title of the bill also funds Arlington National Cemetery, a sacred site familiar to all Americans which in many ways is the centerpiece of our homage to those who serve the Nation and our military in war and in peace.  In a year in which the Appropriations Committee has been faced with severe budget constraints, we are fortunate to be able to bring to the Senate a bill that fully funds the President's request for veterans and meets the pressing infrastructure requirements of the military. We were able to accomplish this without imposing any new fees or copayments on veterans. Most importantly, perhaps, is we do not appear to be facing the same kind of shortfall in funding for VA health care that the Senate was confronted with last year.  Providing affordable, accessible, first-rate health care to our Nation's veterans is a priority for this Senate and for both the chairman and myself. At a time when our Nation is at war and over 155,000 Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans are seeking VA health care services, many with grievous physical and mental wounds, veterans health care must be placed at the top of the list. Money is tight, to be sure. But like America's military forces currently fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan, the veterans who have fought in those and past wars deserve the fullest measure of our support and gratitude.  Likewise, the Nation's military forces need and deserve quality facilities in which to live and work. With the new round of BRAC and the ongoing global realignment of United States forces in Europe, Korea, and elsewhere overseas, the Defense Department's base structure is undergoing change. Tens of thousands of military personnel are returning to the United States from bases that are being closed overseas, placing great demand on domestic installations that will absorb them and their families.  At the same time, the Army is in the midst of reinventing its military structure, transforming from cumbersome divisions and brigades into more mobile and agile modular units. This modularity carries with it a new set of infrastructure requirements, and new emphasis regarding new facilities is being placed on the Nation's special operations forces, including the fielding of a new Marine Corps special operations command. All of this restructuring, of course, is going on while upwards of 170,000 United States military personnel remain fully engaged in Iraq and Afghanistan.  In all, there are many challenges facing the military construction budget. Yet when the $5.2 billion for a new BRAC round is taken out of the equation, the amount of military construction funding requested by the President remained nearly level with last year's funding. Nevertheless, with the budget constraints we face this year, we were able to provide sufficient military construction dollars to fund the hundreds of military construction priorities both at home and abroad that have all been authorized in the Defense authorization bill.  This is a carefully balanced, bipartisan bill that is designed to meet the health and welfare needs of America's veterans and the infrastructure requirements of America's military forces with very tight budget limitations.  I again commend Chairman Hutchison for her work in developing this package. With the passage of this bill, we will have done our work in the Senate. I firmly believe we can work quickly to complete a conference with the House and send a good bill to the President, if the leadership gives us the opportunity. There has been some speculation that no appropriations bills will emerge from this lameduck session and that we instead will be operating under a continuing resolution for months to come. I hope that speculation is wrong. It would be a serious disservice to our Nation's veterans and our active-duty military to relegate the programs funded under MilCon-VA to a continuing resolution in the new year. It will be at a $6.5 billion loss to these programs to do that. I know Chairman Hutchison, Chairman Cochran, and Senator Byrd share my desire to send a conference report on this bill to the President and see it signed into law before the end of the year. I very much hope we can do so.  A great deal of work on both sides of the aisle has gone into producing this bill. I thank my colleagues for their support, and I thank my staff--Christina Evans on my immediate left, BG Wright on my far left, and Chad Schulken who is back in the staff dock--and also Senator Hutchison's staff--Dennis Balkham, Sean Knowles, and Rose Fabia--for the long hours and great effort they have put into this bill.  The bill is a direct result of a remarkable working relationship between Senator Hutchison and myself and between her staff and my staff. I thank the chairman again for this warmth and most particularly for her leadership. I am very pleased to recommend passage of this bill to the full Senate.  I yield the floor.  