 President, I rise today in support of the port security bill being considered before the Senate. This legislation is of particular importance to my home State of California, and I am deeply grateful to Senators Collins and Murray and all the others who have worked so diligently to craft this comprehensive and bipartisan effort to better protect our Nation's ports.  It is no secret that I have long considered security at our Nation's ports to be a significant hole in homeland security. The global maritime supply chain system is a vast network consisting of hundreds of ports worldwide moving millions of containers each year, and frankly I don't believe this Nation has done nearly enough since 9/11 to improve the security of our ports.  As has been repeated many times on this floor, only 5 percent of containers entering the country are inspected, meaning that millions of tons of cargo move through our ports without serious scrutiny.  With its long coastline, California is vulnerable. My home State receives containers from more than 750 different ports worldwide and is home to the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, which is the busiest container port complex in the entire United States, processing 7.2 million containers in 2005.  To highlight the risk we face, I cite a Rand Corporation report released last month. If a 10-kiloton nuclear bomb, hidden in a shipping container, were to explode at the Port of Long Beach, it could kill 60,000 people instantly, expose another 150,000 to hazardous levels of radiation, and cause $1 trillion in economic losses.  Needless to say, this is an issue of great importance to my constituents and the economic welfare of the State. I believe strongly that the need for action to better protect our ports is essential and it must happen now.  I am glad to say that this port security measure takes a number of critical steps toward filling the gaps in security at our Nation's ports.  This legislation directs the Department of Homeland Security to work with State and local governments to create a strategic plan to secure our ports and prepare for a swift resumption of trade in the event of an attack. We learned by devastating experience during Hurricane Katrina what happens when Federal, State, and local governments do not have an integrated plan for responding to and recovering from a catastrophic event.  The bill authorizes $400 million in competitive grants to help ports address security vulnerabilities, $1.2 billion for rail security improvements, and $3.4 billion for mass transit security.  In addition, 1,000 more Customs and Border Protection agents will be patrolling our Nation's ports of entry thanks to this legislation.  But despite the advances of this legislation, there still remains much work to do.  We cannot stop until all containers are fully scanned for radiation and by other means including full x-rays of all containers. It was a disappointment that amendments to initiate a plan for 100 percent scanning were rejected this week.  In fact, this bill does nothing substantive to increase the number of containers inspected before reaching our shores. It is clear to me that only inspecting 5 percent of containers is unacceptable.  Moving forward, a clear test of this Congress will come when the time arrives to appropriate funds for many of the programs authorized in this bill, including grants for port security. To tell the truth, much of what is accomplished will be for naught if we don't provide the funds necessary to get the job done.  As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I plan to do whatever I can to make these funds available. They are simply too important to my State and too important to this Nation.  Again, I thank my colleagues for their efforts on this bill and express my hope that we can continue to work towards filling the gaps in security at our ports.  