 President, I thank the Senator for his response.  The fact is we have a pilot program that is part of the immigration bill that would provide over a 5-year period 1.5 million undocumented workers the opportunity to become documented, and provided they do agricultural work for a period of time, over time, to earn a green card. In discussing this with some Members they said they would agree if it were a temporary program. Well, it is a temporary program, because it sunsets in 5 years. I believe, and the Senator from Idaho will correct me if I am wrong, we would be prepared to change that sunset from 5 years to 2 years, or a time that would bring about concurrence from the Members.  But the point is there is a crisis out there. The point is we can solve that crisis now with this legislation. And the point is it is not new legislation. It has been authored, debated, discussed, heard now over a 6-year period. It has been refined. Both Senator Craig and I are convinced it will work. It was part of the immigration bill.  So what we are asking this body to do is essentially suspend the rule and allow this program to go into law at this time so the remainder of the harvest season and, more importantly, the planting season for winter vegetables and crops can be handled. If we do not do this, we will go well into next year without the agricultural labor present to sustain an agricultural industry in America in an adequate way, and the costs will be enormous.  I think somebody around here should begin to think of the consumer. I don't want to say to California families they are going to go in and buy heads of lettuce at $4 a head or more or broccoli at $5 a head or anything else because of a dramatic shortage, because farmers won't plant, because farmers can't pick, because farmers can't harvest, they can't sort, they can't pack, they can't can. That labor is needed, and year after year it has been documented that Americans will not do this kind of difficult, hot, stooped labor.  So this is an opportunity. It is an opportunity for us to respond to an industry of which we are all proud, and an industry which is in deep trouble at the present time.  Let me go on with a few other examples. I mentioned that California and Arizona farmers say they need 77,000 workers during the December to May to harvest, and they estimate they may be 35,000 workers short. The estimates from my State are that illegal immigrants make up at least one-fourth of the workforce and as high as 90 percent of the farm labor payroll. It is also estimated that for every agricultural job lost, we lose three to four other related jobs. I am told that in the Senator's State, farm workers are down 18 percent, and the potato growers of Idaho want AgJOBS passed to keep the industry growing.  In the State of Washington, in Cowlitz County, one-third of one farmer's blueberry crop rotted in the field because there were no pickers. Apple growers in the central part of the State were scrambling to find someone--anyone--to do the work of thinning the apple crop. Also in Washington, production at Bell Buoy Crab in Chinook, Pacific County is down 50 percent since April.  In Florida, Citrus Mutual notes: ``There is very little doubt we will leave a significant amount of fruit on the tree.'' Orange production in the State has been predicted to be the lowest since 1992 if the worst projections are realized. Six million boxes of oranges may well go unharvested in Florida this year because of a shortage of fruit pickers.  In Wyoming, they face the imminent closure of the $8 million Wind River Mushroom farm.  And in Oregon, farm workers should be harvesting 25 tons of fruit per day from the Polk County cherry orchards.  This is some indication. We have a bill, and that bill would provide the opportunity for an undocumented worker who has worked in agriculture for a substantial period of time--there are two different formulas in the bill--to go in to register, to pay a fine, to show their tax returns, to agree to pay taxes in the future, to get a temporary work card called a blue card, which would be biometric so that that worker is identified; it would eliminate fraud, and it would enable that worker, if they continue to work in agriculture for a period of years, to then gain a green card. It is a sound program. It will give farmers certainty. They will know there is an agricultural workforce, and it will involve people already in this country who are skilled, who are professional at farm work.  I don't know what it takes to show that there is an emergency. I think next year we would be ready, willing, and able to do this, but we will have lost another agricultural season, we will have lost a spring season, a summer season. I hope that someone will listen, that the leadership of this body will allow us, and I will call up--well, I can't do it now, but at an appropriate time I will call up the amendment that is at the desk.  I thank the Chair.  Mr. DeMINT. Mr. President, I ask to speak for 7 minutes as in morning business.  