 President, I wish to comment on amendment No. 4084, which was tabled yesterday.  The Chambliss amendment would modify the eligibility requirements for blue card and green card status under AgJOBS, as drafted in the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act.  The Chambliss amendment would make the AgJOBS earned legalization program unworkable by denying most farm workers access to it.  Just yesterday, my staff received an e-mail from the California Canning Peach Association, which produces 80 percent of the peach volume in California. They said that the Chambliss amendment would eliminate at least 90 percent of their workers from pursuing earned adjustment under the current AgJOBS language.  When I look at the Chambliss amendment, I find it to be counter to the language in AgJOBS.  One reason I believe the Chambliss amendment is counter to providing American farmers with a legal work force is the work day requirement he proposes.  Senator Chambliss' amendment would change the definition of ``workday'' to 8 hours per day. This change would essentially gut the bill because agricultural workers simply wouldn't be able to demonstrate 8-hour workdays.  Under his amendment, in order to get a blue card, agricultural workers would have to prove that they worked at least 150 work days per year during the 24-month period ending on December 31, 2005.  Anything short of an 8-hour day wouldn't count.  This is just unworkable and impractical. There are many reasons why a farm worker might not be able to demonstrate 8-hour workdays, such as:  Weather conditions--maybe it is raining or too cold, there's hail. For instance, oranges can't be picked wet nor can table grapes. So if it rains and workers have only worked 6 hours, they have to call it a day. That wouldn't count under the Chambliss amendment.  Transportation issues--workers may not be able to catch a ride one day, or their ride may leave after only 7 hours. That wouldn't count under the Chambliss amendment.  Market demands--workers can only pick what growers ask of them, and if the market only demands x number of oranges in 1 day and that only takes 6 hours, then that is all the work they will have in that day. That wouldn't count under the Chambliss amendment.  Sickness--a worker may have a cold or other ailment that might keep them from working for a few days. In agriculture, given the seasonal nature of work, a few days lost are precious to a worker.  Labor shortages--one condition that growers tell me about are labor shortages and how they impact how many hours workers put in. For instance, a crew of workers might be in such demand that they only put in 7 hours each per day. That wouldn't count under the Chambliss amendment.  All of these are reasons why workers may not put in 8-hour workdays. And if they don't, then that doesn't count toward their eligibility and they remain here illegally.  The average number of hours that California agricultural workers log daily is 5.97 hours per day. And that's for crops like citrus, vegetables, tree fruit.  Many farm workers do not work 8 hours per day even when working full-time and 6 days a week.  Frequently, agricultural workers work 3 to 7 hours per day. This amendment would deny workers credit for their farm work on such days, and deprive them of the chance to enter the program.  Many jobs in agriculture result in fewer than 8 hours per day, particularly at times other than the peak of the harvest.  Luawanna Hallstrom with Harry Singh & Sons, which is the largest single vine ripe tomato grower in thecountry, explained the following to my staff about the average hours worked in a season, and how they may vary in a typical year or season at their farm in San Diego, CA.  She said that work hours and days can change from one year to the next because of reasons beyond their control--weather, production, changes to timing of harvest, fluctuation in number of employees available at any point in time, disease and more.  Ms. Hallstrom noted that agriculture is extremely fluid and vulnerable and a typical work week for them can consist of anything from 0 to 10 hours.  Another grower, Benny Jefferson, a large vegetable grower in Monterey, CA told my staff that his average worker works 6 hours per day and that 8-hour days would be a serious problem for him.  By way of example, the following job offers were posted in America's Job Bank of the U.S. Department of Labor:  Seeking farm worker for ``harvesting fruits such as blueberries, cherries, strawberries, grapes, oranges, and pecans'' in Georgia for ``full time'' work of 32 hours per week.  Seeking Citrus Harvest Worker in Florida for a contract period from April 30, 2006, to June 30, 2006, Monday through Saturday. Hours: 36 hours per week, 6 hours per day.  Florida employers seek nursery labor in West Virginia for 40 hours week, 7 hours per day Monday through Friday and 5 hours on Saturdays.  What do these job postings show? That even ``full time'' work often means less than 8 hours per day.  So I believe that the Chambliss amendment, if successful, would deprive most farm workers of the chance to enter the earned legalization program, or if they entered, the chance to earn a green card.  The Chambliss amendment is an effort to destroy the AgJOBS compromise. It is not only unfair but counterproductive.  One purpose of AgJOBS is to stabilize the workforce by encouraging undocumented workers to come forward and work in agriculture in return for the opportunity to earn a blue card and eventually, after additional hard work in the fields, a green card.  By depriving many farm workers of this opportunity, the Chambliss amendment would perpetuate the unstable farm labor force that contains so many undocumented workers.  