 President, we have an opportunity today with the border fence bill and with the concurrence of Members of this body to help an industry that right now is in deep trouble, and that industry is American agriculture.  The reason it is in deep trouble is because it does not have the workforce to harvest the crops. This is true whether it is Florida, the State of Washington, Iowa, Idaho, California, Arizona, or any other agricultural State. The reason for the shortage of workers is because agriculture dominantly depends on what is an undocumented or illegal workforce. The reason that is the case is because it has been found over the years that American workers simply will not do this work. Therefore, agriculture, the huge industry that we have in America, has come to depend on an undocumented workforce.  Just to give one example--and I wish I had a big chart--but this is the pear crop in Lake County, a farm owned by Toni Scully, and these mounds are rotting pears on the field because they cannot be harvested in time.  California is the largest agricultural State in the Nation. It is a $34 billion industry. It has 76,500 farms. California produces one-half of all of the Nation's fruits, vegetables, and nuts from only 3 percent of the Nation's farmland. If these products cannot be harvested--and it is late in the harvest season today--the price of fresh produce all over this Nation is going to rise.  We have an opportunity to do something about it. I am joined on the floor by Senator Larry Craig of the State of Idaho who is the main author of the AgJOBS Program. In the Judiciary Committee in the immigration bill, we revised AgJOBS and it was part of the Senate-passed immigration bill. Along with AgJOBS, we have reformed the agricultural guest worker program called H-2A. These two programs combine to give the farmers of America the certitude they need that there will, in fact, be a workforce able to harvest their crops, plant their crops, prune, cut, pack, and sort crops in this great country.  In my State we have roughly 350 different crops: lemons, tomatoes, raisins, lettuce, prunes, onions, cotton, and many others that are grown all across the State. Growers are reporting that their harvest crews are 10 to 20 percent of what they were previously. It is a disaster, and it will be a very costly disaster for the farm community as well as for the consumers of America. And it can be solved. We could move today to put the AgJOBS bill on the border fence bill. We all recognize it isn't germane postcloture, but the body could agree to include it because of the emergency circumstances that exist in agriculture States throughout the Nation today.  In my State we employ at least 450,000 people in the peak of the harvest, with farm workers progressing from one crop to the next, stringing together as much as 7 months of work. The estimate is that the season is falling short by 70,000 workers.  It is a very serious situation. Fields in Pajaro Valley in Santa Cruz County are being abandoned. Farmers can't find workers to harvest strawberry, raspberry, and vegetable crops. In the Pajaro Valley, one farmer reports he has been forced to tear out 30 acres of vegetables. He has about 100 acres compromised by weeds because there is nobody to weed the field. He estimates his loss so far to be $200,000. California and Arizona farmers say they need 77,000 workers during December to May to harvest vegetables, and they estimate the shortage will be 35,000 workers.  It is amazing to me that we can't do something about this by passing a bill that has been heard in the Judiciary Committee, that has been amended, that has been discussed over a period of years.  I would ask, if I might, the Senator from Idaho a series of questions, through the Chair. The first question is how long the Senator from Idaho has been working on the AgJOBS bill?  