 coli bacteria coming out of California. The impact of this outbreak was devastating: it sickened nearly 200 people, killing 3. It also resulted in more than $70 million in economic losses to spinach growers.  As you know, one of the many responsibilities of the FDA is to oversee the safety of fruits and vegetables. In my State, where more than half of all fresh fruits and vegetables are grown, this is clearly an enormous task and one that requires advanced scientific methods for detection and response.  Unfortunately, the FDA does not have that kind of presence in the Western United States to conduct and carry out the necessary scientific testing and outreach that we should expect. There are currently three FDA food safety research centers in the Nation: one in Maryland, one in Illinois, and one in Mississippi. None of these centers is connected with the vital and dominant food systems in California, which greatly impairs the FDA's effectiveness in addressing the food safety and security research, teaching, and outreach needs in the Western United States.  Last year we provided funding to establish an FDA Western Center for Food Safety to serve the vast agricultural food safety needs of the Western United States. This center would be collocated with the Western Center for Food Safety and Security at the University of California at Davis, a place where the FDA would benefit from the synergy of working in an academic research environment with university scientists and with university extension specialists who already have the critical relationships with farmers that the FDA needs to be effective. Unfortunately, this funding was not agreed to by the House conferees.  The University of California at Davis already has a facility for the FDA scientists to move in to. This year I am once again seeking your assistance for a modest appropriation to begin the development of this FDA presence to serve the food safety needs of the vast agricultural regions in the Western United States and the consumers across the country who depend on a safe and reliable food supply.  