 President, I rise today to commemorate March 8, 2006, International Women's Day. It is an undeniable fact that as the world becomes more interconnected, societies which value women's rights and include them in the political, economic, and civic process have a greater chance of prospering and contributing to international peace and stability.  Nowhere is this more evident than in Iraq. We all know that in order for Iraq to succeed as a nation, women must play an integral role in the government and women's rights must be treated as fundamental human rights. While much work remains to be done in Iraq, I am pleased to see that women are playing a prominent and active role in the government.  As such, it is a great honor to not only commemorate, March 8, 2006, International Women's Day but alsowelcome a distinguished guest, Dr. Jinan Jasim Ali Al Ubaidi, a newly elected member to Iraq's Council of Representatives, who will be my guest and accompany me throughout the day.  A member of the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution party, Dr. Ubaidi is a graduate of Baghdad University and practiced medicine at Najaf Hospital prior to the fall of the Hussein regime.  Dr. Ubaidi and her female colleagues in the Council of Representatives are now confronting issues which will determine the future of women's rights in Iraq.  This is a critical juncture and one key question they face is. What will be the extent of sharia in Iraq and how will it affect women's rights in that country?  Article 14 of Iraq's Constitution states that ``Iraqis are equal before the law without discrimination based on gender.'' Article 2 of the Constitution maintains that ``no law that contradicts the established provisions of Islam may be established.''  Some people believe that it will be difficult to reconcile the two articles and still provide women with fundamental rights in Iraq. I, for one, believe that Islam and women's rights can go hand in hand and there is an opportunity to advance these rights in a new Iraq.  While the women in the Iraqi National Assembly will do their part, the United States and the international community need to play a vital role in advancing the role of women in Iraq.  Specifically, we should continue to promote democracy related training programs, female education programs, and assist with judicial reform and Islamic jurisprudence training so that women will become part of the social, political, and economic fabric of Iraq.  Gains for women's rights have been made in other Muslim countries such as Indonesia and Morocco, and we should look to them as examples.  In Morocco, successful efforts to raise the marriage age for women from 15 to 18, abolish polygamy, and equalize the right to divorce have been made. In Indonesia, Musdah Mulia, the chief researcher at the Ministry of Religious Affairs, has sparked considerable debate within that country by calling for changes in the areas of wearing a hijab and marriage based on Islamic jurisprudence. Although such rules have not been enacted, further debate on the issue is a positive step.  A nongovernmental organization in Indonesia, known as the Indonesian Society for Pesantren and Community Development, has also been using Islamic jurisprudence to promote women's reproductive rights and family planning education within religious schools there. These are all progressive steps toward promoting women's rights in the Islamic world.  In the near future, an Iraqi government will be formed that will make important decisions on the role of women and sharia. The United States must do everything within its power to ensure that women's rights are fully incorporated into every aspect of Iraqi life.  We must continue to support education and leadership initiatives, economic empowerment programs, and specifically judicial reform, all of which will seek to increase the role of women government and assist Iraq's transition to a stable and democratic state.  Let us also not forget about the women in Afghanistan. Under the Taliban regime, women were brutally oppressed and women's rights were virtually nonexistent.  Women in public were forced to cloak themselves head to toe while being accompanied by a male relative. If they failed to do so, they risked being beaten mercilessly.  Furthermore, most Afghan women were restricted by the Taliban from working, receiving an education, visiting doctors, or accepting humanitarian aid.  Now, women in Afghanistan have the opportunity to build a better life for themselves and their families. It is no longer illegal for women to work, and millions of Afghan girls now attend school.  The United States has provided grants to establish the Ministry of Women's Affairs, assisted Afghan nongovernmental organizations, created opportunities for income generation in the private sector, and supported opportunities for women in agriculture and rural environments.  The Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2006, included a $50 million earmark for programs directly addressing the needs of Afghan women and girls.  However, many challenges remain for women in Afghanistan.  Although women may legally work, many still face serious challenges to finding job opportunities. For them, it is extremely difficult to find jobs close to home, with tolerable hours, and reasonable pay.  Additionally, although education is currently on the rise, most Afghan women have had little or no formal job training, which prevents them from gaining meaningful employment.  Finally, women still face conservative attitudes about their political participation in many rural areas of the country.  The United States must not forget about these women. We must continue to advance women's rights in Afghanistan because if we do not, our tireless efforts there will have been in vain.  Therefore, I urge my colleagues to stay the course and support additional assistance for education, health care, and democracy training for women and girls in Afghanistan during the years ahead.  There are a great many challenges that face women today, and there are a great many challenges that faced women in the past. Issues such as the role of women in Iraq and Afghanistan are no less daunting than women's suffrage seemed in 1920. As such, there is cause for optimism on International Women's Day.  Yet we must remain vigilant in our fight for justice and gender equality around the world.  The United States must remain a leader by proactively addressing these women's issues. I am confident that if we tirelessly continue to fight for gender equality, we can find workable solutions to address the problems that women face around the world.  