 President, today I am introducing legislation along with Senators Collins, Dorgan, Snowe, Bingaman, Chafee, Clinton, Schumer, Murray and Boxer to ensure that when a senior signs up for a Medicare prescription drug plan, the drugs covered by their plan cannot be removed or changed throughout that year.  Under the legislation, if you sign up for a plan in January, the drugs covered by your plan will continue to be covered the rest of that year.  If you become eligible for Medicare during the year, for instance you turn 65 in May, and you sign up for a plan, the drugs covered by your plan when you enroll in it will continue to be covered the rest of that year.  At the end of the year, if a plan wants to change its coverage, it can do that. The bill does nothing to prevent plans from changing their drug coverage for the coming year. However, that can only happen at the end of the year, at the time all Medicare beneficiaries have the option to switch plans.  Seniors deserve the peace of mind to know that the drug plan they enroll in will cover the drugs it says it will all year.  Under current law, a prescription drug plan can change its formulary as many times as it wants throughout the year so long as it gives notice to its enrollees.  However, seniors have no recourse other than going through a lengthy appeals process if their drug plan suddenly drops their medicines. At the end of that appeals process, there is still no guarantee that seniors will get their drugs.  Under current law, they have to wait until the next open enrollment period which may be as much as nine months away. That is unacceptable.  Seniors can't and shouldn't have to wait all year to obtain lifesaving and life sustaining drugs they thought would be covered by their drug plan.  The bill allows a prescription drug plan to add drugs to its formulary--for instance in cases where a new drug is approved by the FDA or a generic alternative to a brand name drug becomes available.  The bill also allows a prescription drug plan to remove a drug from its formulary if the FDA issues a clinical warning about the drug, if the FDA pulls a drug from the market like in the case of Vioxx, or if the drug has been determined to be ineffective.  But, in those instances, the prescription drug plan must notify the HHS Secretary, affected enrollees, physicians, and pharmacies of the change.  Seniors in California have an overwhelming array of prescription drug plan options. There are at least 110 drug plan options for Californians.  It can take days, if not weeks to determine which plan is best based on your drug needs and health status.  Unless this bill is approved, seniors have no guarantee that their drugs will be covered throughout the year.  I think that is wrong. This legislation will change that.  Some might argue why this bill is necessary now. We are one month into the new Medicare drug benefit and what we have witnessed throughout the Nation is widespread confusion. Seniors are being turned away at the pharmacy counters and they are being incorrectly asked to pay hundreds of dollars for their drugs.  States are absorbing the costs to provide drugs for a Federal program. So far, California has spent more than $18 million of its own money. I support efforts to reimburse States fully for the drug costs they've absorbed as a result of implementation errors by this Administration and I support transitional relief for the so-called ``dual eligible'' Medicare beneficiaries whose transition from Medicaid to Medicare has been disastrous.  The Administration contends that this legislation isn't necessary because plans can't change their formularies without notifying the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and enrollees first and that CMS won't allow plans to make changes to their formularies that hurt seniors.  This ``just trust us'' argument being used by the Administration is anything but reassuring, especially given all the major program implementation problems it has caused due to poor planning and inadequate foresight.  I believe seniors deserve more and they deserve the protections guaranteed under this legislation.  We must act now to protect all Medicare beneficiaries from the type of ``bait and switch'' tactics like signing up for a plan thinking you were getting certain drugs only to find out down the road that those drugs were no longer covered.  The bill is about parity for seniors. If seniors are prohibited from changing drug plans except during the annual open enrollment period, then they deserve to know that the plan they are locked in to is also locked in to covering the drugs it said it would.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  