 President, I am joined in the Senate by my friend and colleague, Senator Boxer. We are joined at the hip in opposition to this. If there ever was a disaster waiting to happen, it is the levee situation in the State of California. I will take a few minutes to explain why.  Let me begin with this fact. We have a comparison of flood protection levels for major river cities. Sacramento is the only city in the Nation with 85-year protection. All comparable cities--New Orleans, 250-year flood protection; Omaha, 250 years; Dallas, 500 years; Kansas City, St. Louis, Tacoma, 500 years.  The problem is, much of this area is 20 feet or more below the river, below the flood basins.  I stood in a home in Sacramento on Saturday. It was 20 feet below the level of the river. That is the problem. The sedimentary base of soils there is peat, and it is easily crumbled.  What you have are 2,600 miles of levees--some owned by the Federal Government, some by the State, some by private owners. These levees become eroded. And because of the heavy rain--the heaviest rainfall, I believe, that I can remember in California--there is deep concern about these levees.  Let me show you the specific area we are talking about. Shown in this picture is the Sacramento Pocket Area. The Governor, Mr. Pombo of the House, and a number of other public officials were right in this area--standing right here--a short time ago. We flew over the area. These are homes, all 20 feet below the river area. There are several places in this area that are priority needs for restoration immediately.  The Governor has declared a state of emergency. The Governor has advanced State moneys. The Governor has said this is of urgent priority. The fact of the matter is, at any time, places along this levee could go. You would flood 100,000 people in 20 feet of water. Many would be unable to evacuate. You would have real catastrophe.  The Army Corps of Engineers, through Colonel Light, the commander of the Sacramento District, came back. We sat down with Senator Cochran, the chairman of the committee, Senator Byrd, Senator Domenici, and Senator Reid. It was all explained that there is an emergency. Earthquake probabilities, for a major earthquake equal to 1906 in San Francisco or higher, are 62 percent by 2030. If there is an earthquake equal to what took place in California, the likelihood is that this entire area would be flooded and hundreds of thousands of people could be involved.  Now, this bill provides $23 million in contingent emergency funding. This particular division is $11.3 million. Funding would become available only if the President requests the money and certifies that it is an emergency.  As I say, on February 24, the Governor proclaimed this state of emergency. He cited 24 critical erosion sites. That has been changed to 29 because of ongoing erosions due to the current high water level.  Today, there are 400 people from Sacramento who were worried enough about it that they have come to the Capitol to lobby for these funds. The money can become available as soon as the President signs the bill and certifies the contingent emergency.  The Sacramento River Bank Protection Project is the Federal project that repairs these critical erosion sites. This additional funding will ensure that these sites are repaired in this construction season. Both the State, Senator Boxer, and I have looked very carefully: Is this money that could be used this fiscal year, before the end of September, on these sites? The answer is clearly, yes.  Today, President Bush announced he is expediting environmental review to allow construction work on the sites to proceed as quickly as possible.  So President Bush, Governor Schwarzenegger, and the Senate Appropriations Committee all recognize how important it is to repair the weakened levees along the Sacramento River.  Mr. President, 174 actively eroding sites on levee banks have been identified. The highest priority is 29 of these sites. That is what we are trying to repair as soon as possible to prevent subdivisions, such as this one shown in this picture, from being inundated with 20 feet of water.  I stood there. I saw it. I saw the difference in height. And that is a phenomenon on the levee. Some might say housing should have never been built there, but the fact is it was.  The critical sites we are asking money for stretch along 137 miles of the Sacramento River. They include areas of the river in the city of Sacramento, and that is this pocket area.  Now, these homes sit virtually in the shadow of the levee system, and modeling by Sacramento show that a breached levee would result in the area flooding to depths of 17 to 20 feet.  This area is called the ``Pocket'' because the homes sit in a pocket by a broad curve in the river.  Mr. President, 33,000 homes are here; 100,000 people live right here. Colonel Light, the commander of the Sacramento District of the Corps, has indicated to me, to Senator Cochran, to Senator Byrd, to Senator Domenici, to Senator Reid, that this money can be utilized by the Corps now. The reason they cannot transfer funds is because prior legislation of this body and the other body prohibits the transfer of funds above a certain amount in a timely and effective manner.  The repairs consist largely of armoring the levees with rock. Of the 29 sites, repairs for 5 have been designed already, and the remainder will be designed in the next few months.  I do not need to tell you what a major flood would do. I do not need to tell you that these rivers are at historic highs right now. And it is as the river begins to decline that they worry most because the fear is the water subsiding will take with it portions of this levee.  The work has to be done.  It is kind of interesting. I often tell a story of when I was mayor, and the director of Public Works came to me and said: Madam Mayor, I think if there was an earthquake, the rim of Candlestick Park would come down. And I thought: What is the likelihood of that? I said: How much does it cost? He told me. And then I thought: I now know this. I have an obligation to do something about it. We found the money. We repaired the rim. And who would have thought that the Giants would have been in the second game of the World Series, at 5 o'clock, when the Loma Prieta earthquake hit, and the rim of Candlestick Park--had it come down--would have killed 20,000 people sitting directly below it.  I am telling you that these levee banks could breach. I am telling you that 100,000 people and 33,000 homes--as shown right here--could lose their lives and their homes. And the evacuation difficulty is enormous.  It seems to me that once we know this as public officials, we have an absolute obligation to do something about it.  The Appropriations Committee has agreed. The money can be used this fiscal year. And both my colleague and I believe very strongly we should vote ``no'' on this amendment.  I would like to yield the floor to my colleague. I know she is here somewhere.  