 President, on October 26, 2006, the Esperanza fire engulfed five firefighters dispatched to battle an uncontrollable blaze. All five firefighters died as a result.  Before it was extinguished, the fire consumed more than 40,000 acres of the southern California foothills and destroyed more than 30 homes. But while the forests will eventually return and the homes will be rebuilt, we can never reclaim the lives of our fallen firefighters.  Today I am cosponsoring a resolution with Senator Boxer to honor the firefighters and other public servants who bravely responded to the Esperanza fire.  On November 5, 2006, I delivered a eulogy at the Memorial Service in San Bernardino, CA, held in honor of the five firefighters who lost their lives in the fire. I believe it is appropriate at this time to enter these remarks into the Congressional Record:       I'm here to express gratitude to the five brave      firefighters who lost their lives in the battle against the      Esperanza fire.       They gave the ultimate sacrifice. Their heroism will not be      forgotten and so do their families' sacrifice as well.       My heart goes out to you, mothers and fathers, sisters and      brothers, sons and daughters of the five firefighters who      perished from Engine Crew 57: Captain Mark Loutzenhiser, Jess      McLean, Jason McKay, Daniel Hoover-Najera, and Pablo Cerda.       These five men were on the front lines, protecting      thousands of lives and tens of thousands of acres, when they      were overwhelmed by the fire's flames.       They are truly heroes.       Mark Loutzenhiser, Engine Captain, was 43 years old. He had      21 years of service as a firefighter. Mark was loved and      respected by so many in the Idyllwild community.       To Maria, I know little can be said that mutes grief and      overwhelming loss with one exception--five beautiful      children--Mark and Maria's enduring legacy.       To your five children, Jacob, Teesha, Savannah, and the      twins Kyle and Seth, I say this: Your dad was a true hero. He      was a coach, a mentor, a friend. He is great in all our eyes.       And to Mark's parents, Russ and Polly: You can be so proud      of his contributions. He made a difference. He leaves a      legacy: a grateful community--a wife--five children.       Jess McLean, Fire Engine Operator, was 27 years old. He had      seven years of experience.       To his mother, Cecilia: Jess was a thoughtful young man, a      model son. I am so sorry for your loss.       Jess's wife, Karen: You were married just three years ago.      But those three years are packed with memories, dreams shared      and you will find new strength because of these years.       Jason McKay, Assistant Fire Engine Operator, 27 years old.      He had five years of Forest Service experience.       To Bonnie McKay, Jason's mother, you know that Jason lived      out his boyhood dream of becoming a fireman.       To his fiance, Staci Burger, you know Jason as a brave and      decent man. Carry that with you, always.       Daniel Hoover-Najera, Firefighter, 20 years old and in his      second season of firefighting. As a young man, he was      determined to one day grow up and become a firefighter.       To his mother Gloria Ayala, his stepfather Efren Ayala, his      father and stepmother, Tim and Lisa Hoover, his brother      Michael, his sister Monica, and his grandfather Patrick      Najera, who helped raise him: I say this: Daniel will be      missed by all those who knew him. He was a passionate young      man, full of many talents, hopes and dreams. He was taken too      young. But he leaves a strong heritage--hold onto it.       Pablo Cerda, 23 years old when he lost his life in his      second season with the Forest Service.       To his father, Pablo, your son graduated from Riverside      Community College's fire academy only last May. He paid his      own way. His services, his terrible burns will not be      forgotten by any of us.       And to his older sister, Claudia, your brother Pablo will      be remembered for his strength and dedication. Be proud of      him always.       The deaths of these five members of the Engine 57 crew      represent a tremendous loss for this community, our State,      and the nation.       As we move forward from this painful tragedy, we must work      to protect ourselves from another fire like.       Just a few miles from here, in the mountains of the San      Bernardino National Forest, are over a half million acres of      bark beetle infested forest. Nestled among these trees are      the homes of roughly 150,000 people.       The five firefighters who lost their lives and the more      than 2,500 firefighters who fought this fire had to prevent      the flames from reaching the bark beetle infested areas,      which would have likely caused a catastrophic fire taking      with it, whole communities and thousands of homes.       Governor Schwarzenegger, Representatives Lewis, Bono, Baca      and I have fought for increased funding to protect our      communities from hazardous fuels.       We must recommit ourselves to this effort and remove these      dead and dying trees and non-native brush that present such a      great fire hazard.       And our firefighters must have the tools and training to do      their jobs.       To the 34 families who lost your homes. I say this: We will      help in any way we can. Our heartfelt feelings are extended      to you.       To the firefighters here today, we owe you no less. Know      that we value your service and commitment to fire prone      communities up and down the state.       Finally, in closing--to the families of these five brave      firefighters, I offer my sincerest and deepest condolences.      My heart is truly with you.  