President, I listened to the words of my good friend from Maryland. He is absolutely right in what he said. It is a strange time. I have been here almost four decades, and I have experienced some dramatic changes in the Senate majorities and leadership styles going back and forth between both parties. But nothing at all has compared to the change that has occurred in the last 5 years.  Since President Obama was sworn in as President of the United States, what has occurred here is something I have never seen with any other President, and I have been here since the time of President Ford. Senate Republicans have made it their priority to obstruct at every turn the consideration of nominations that he has put forward. The Republican leader has said that his main goal was to have the President fail. Confirmation votes that regularly occurred by consent, now require a lengthy cloture process. Bipartisan and home state support for a nominee no longer ensures a timely confirmation.  Make no mistake, through this obstruction, Senate Republicans have crossed the line from use of the Senate rules to abuse of the Senate rules. It is the same kind of abuse that shut down our Federal Government recently and cost the taxpayers billions of dollars. One of the things that concerns me, as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, is what it is doing to undermine, and eventually destroy, both the integrity and independence of our Federal judiciary.  One of the great glories of our country's three-part government is the independence of the Federal Judiciary. But, over the last 5 years, Senate Republicans have dragged it into politics. This severely impacts the ability of our Federal justice system to serve the interests of the American people.  If you are a litigant and need the protection of our Federal courts, you do not care whether a judge is a Republican or Democrat. You do not care whether they were nominated by a Republican or a Democratic President. All you expect--whether you are a plaintiff or defendant, State or respondent--is to be able to go into that courthouse and be treated fairly. But, if you go to that courthouse now, there is nobody there due to the 93 vacancies caused by the stonewalling on the other side of the aisle.  The same Republicans who are stonewalling now once insisted that filibustering judicial nominees was unconstitutional. The Constitution has not changed but when a Democrat was elected to the White House, they reversed course and filibustered this President's very first judicial nominee. Can you imagine? Within a very short time after the President was sworn in, the very first person was filibustered. That was the precedent they started.  Incidentally, that judicial nominee had the strong support of the most senior Republican then serving in the Senate. The most senior Republican Senator supported that nomination, but his leadership said: No, we have to filibuster and block the nomination because, after all, it was President Obama's nomination, not President Bush's nomination.  This is the pattern Senate Republicans continued to follow, filibustering 34 of President Obama's judicial nominees. This is nearly twice as many nominees than required cloture during President Bush's two terms. Almost all of these nominees were, by any standard, noncontroversial, but it took a great deal of effort by the Senate Judiciary Committee members and by Majority Leader Reid to get to a simple up or down vote on those confirmations. Most of these nominees were supported by well-known names in the law, both Republicans and Democrats, but we still had to fight and get cloture to get them through.  Most recently, Senate Republicans have decided to filibuster well-qualified nominee after well-qualified nominee for the United States Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. This court has three vacant seats.  During the Bush Administration, the Senate confirmed President Bush's nominees to the 9th, 10th, and 11thseats. Then when there was again a vacancy in the 10th seat, and the Senate confirmed President Bush's second nominee for the 10th seat. But, now, when a new President has been elected--and I might say reelected by a solid majority--the Senate Republicans say: Oh, no, wait a minute. We needed those judges when there was a Republican President. We don't need them now that there is a Democrat President. The Senate Republican blockade of DC Circuit nominees is at an unprecedented level of obstruction. In my four decades here, I have never seen anything like what the Senate Republicans are doing--by either party. As Maine's former senior Senator Olympia Snowe recently said, ``When you have these back-to-back rejections of nominees, at some point it may be trying to reverse the results of the election.''  I fear that the obstruction will continue tonight, when we will try to end the filibuster against Judge Robert Wilkins. Judge Wilkins was unanimously confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia less than three years ago. He has presided over hundreds of cases and issued significant decisions in various areas of the law, including in the fields of administrative and constitutional law. Prior to serving on the bench, he was a partner for nearly 10 years in private practice and served more than 10 years as a public defender in the District of Columbia.  This is a man who under past Presidents and in past Senates would probably be confirmed by a voice vote after dozens of Senators of both parties stood on the floor to praise him. The difference today is that Judge Wilkins was nominated by President Obama, and suddenly Republican Senators are trying to block him.  During his time at the Public Defender Service, Judge Wilkins served as the lead plaintiff in a racial profiling case, which arose out of an incident in which he and three family members were stopped and detained while returning from a funeral in Chicago. This lawsuit led to landmark settlements that required systematic statewide compilation and publication of highway traffic stop and search data by race.  These settlements inspired an Executive order by President Clinton, legislation in the House and Senate, and legislation in at least 28 States prohibiting racial profiling or requiring data collection. It was a landmark case. The distinguished Presiding Officer and I come from States where we hope we do not have racial profiling. But, many Senators here know there are cases of racial profiling. I am aware of that happening even to members of my own family. I believe this practice should be stopped.  Despite the progress made in the past several decades, the struggle to diversify our Federal bench continues. If confirmed, Judge Wilkins would be only the sixth African American to have ever served on what is often considered the second most powerful court in our country, the DC Circuit.  Judge Wilkins has earned the ABA's highest possible rating of unanimously well qualified. Most attorneys nominated to the federal courts by Republicans or Democrats wish they had Judge Wilkins' professional experience and qualifications. Judge Wilkins also has the support of the National Bar Association, the nation's largest professional association of African-American lawyers and judges, as well as several other prominent legal organizations. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a list of letters in support of Judge Wilkins.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:      Letters in Support of the Nomination of Judge Robert Wilkins       July 31, 2013--Diverse group of 97 organizations in support      of Judge Wilkins, and the other two D.C. Circuit nominees,      Patricia Millett and Nina Pillard. The organizations include      National Bar Association, National Conference of Women's Bar      Associations, Hispanic National Bar Association, American      Association for Justice, National Association of Consumer      Advocates, NAACP, and National Employment Lawyers      Association.       August 28, 2013--Joseph C. Akers, Jr., Interim Executive      Director, on behalf of National Organization of Black Law      Enforcement Executives (NOBLE)       September 10, 2013--Benjamin F. Wilson, Managing Principal,      Beveridge & Diamond, P.C. and John E. Page, SVP, Chief Legal      Officer, Golden State Foods Corp. and Immediate Past      President, National Bar Association on behalf of an ``ad hoc      group of African American AmLaw 100 Managing Partners and      Fortune 1000 General Counsel''       September 10, 2013--Nancy Duff Campbell and Marcia D.      Greenberger, co-Presidents, on behalf of the National Women's      Law Center       September 10, 2013--Doreen Hartwell, President, Las Vegas      Chapter of the National Bar Association       September 11, 2013--The National Bar Association testimony      in support.       September 18, 2013--William Martin, Washington Bar      Association       September 27, 2013--Douglas Kendall, President, and Judith      Schaeffer, Vice President, Constitutional Accountability      Center       October 1, 2013--National Bar Association       October 1, 2013--Michael Madigan, Orrick, Herrington &      Sutcliffe LLP       September 10, 2013 and October 2, 2013--Wade Henderson,      President & CEO and Nancy Zirkin, Executive Vice President on      behalf of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights  