President, I will speak on this amendment at greater length just before the vote. It makes a small but important improvement in the processing of visas that are required by foreign performing artists before performing in American orchestras and other arts organizations. It has to be processed in a timely way.  We have had instances where orchestras, for example, in this country have had the privilege of having a visiting artist, maybe the best in their field--violinist, pianist, or whatever else--but the process of getting a visa is slowed up. Yet they plan performances on a certain date. This measure was included in the comprehensive immigration bills of 2006 and 2007 but not enacted. This would not give an automatic visa to these artists but simply says their application, instead of being in the bottom of the pile, would be considered in a timely fashion.  On another matter, as we get into this debate, I have defended the First Amendment, American's right to speak. I have done it even when people have said things about me that I wish they didn't. But I also have a right as a Senator to comment on such speech. I saw a couple of paid political advertisements today in Politico, one that personally attacks Senator Rubio and the other directly attacks the Senators who drafted the legislative proposal before us, four Republicans and four Democrats. The attacks are so far off the mark. They have a right to make the attacks, and certainly the publication has the right to print them. I would suggest that something this far out of line, this completely unfair type of attack, doesn't do anything to help the public debate we are having.  We had a debate with the 18 members of the Senate Judiciary Committee and had before us some 300 amendments, passed 141, including second-degree amendments, and we did it in a respectful way. Both Republican and Democratic amendments came up. In some areas we had major disagreements among the members, but we did it respectfully and did not impugn the motives of people on either side. I would say this kind of personal insult, this level of discourse, is not conducive to real debate. It helps neither side. It helps neither side.  I don't think this is a time for name-calling. Let's work together. We know the immigration system we now have in this country is not adequate for the needs of the country or the people in this country. So let's stop the name calling. Let's stop the false accusations. I say this in defense of Senator Rubio, as well as all members of the Gang of 8, the four Republicans and four Democrats named in these ads. Let's work together to have a better debate.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  