President, I applaud the Senate's adoption today of a resolution Senator Hatch and I submitted supporting the goals and ideals of runaway prevention month. It is a sad reality that millions of young people are living on the streets. We as legislators must do all we can to prevent homelessness and support youth who find themselves without a place to call home.  Every child in America deserves a fair shot. This is why I championed the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, RHYA, reauthorization in 2008 and why I continue working to improve and to extend this important law this year. Under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, every State receives a basic center grant to provide housing and crisis services for children and their families. Community-based groups around the country can also apply for funding through the Transitional Living Program and the Street Outreach Program. These programs and others authorized by RHYA have helped countless runaway and homeless youth and their families in Vermont and across the Nation over the last 30 years. We must continue these essential programs, too many of which are now unfunded or underfunded due to sequestration and other fiscal constraints.  We must recognize the importance of investing in our Nation's youth and direct resources where they are needed most. It is just not acceptable that homeless children are turned away from shelters due to a lack of beds or that services providers are being forced to downsize. We can and must do more.  The RHYA's most recent charter expired at the end of September. I hope that we can work to reauthorize and improve this vital law by ensuring it meets the needs of children in our most vulnerable communities. Too often LGBT youth find themselves in need of shelter and support because their families are unaccepting. Programs authorized by RHYA should be trained to respond to LGBT youth and, when possible, strive to reunite them with their families through counseling. We must also update the statute to reflect the tragic reality that runaway and homeless youth are vulnerable to trafficking and sexual exploitation. We should ensure grantees are able to meet the needs of young victims of trafficking or exploitation or offer referrals to other qualified service providers. We need smarter training and more resources to help our grantees meet the needs of young victims, and that is exactly what the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act provides.  