I am perfectly willing to accept this amendment by a voice vote, and I do support it.  I am encouraged that the Senate has voted to pass the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act, which will let us make real progress in helping victims of human trafficking. I worked with Senator Rubio last Congress to reauthorize and improve our antitrafficking law and needed programs. We were stymied by an anonymous Republican objection. Today we achieved a breakthrough when the Senate voted to approve the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act.  I thank Senators from both sides of the aisle who have rejected the cramped view of the Heritage Foundation and joined with us to make progress on this important issue, to help victims and to help prevent human trafficking. The vote the Senate just took to approve vital antitrafficking legislation will ensure that resources and services get to trafficking victims in ways shown to work. By our action, we are improving and strengthening antitrafficking programs.  I do not wish to conflate or confuse the two issues. The Violence Against Women Act provides programs for victims of sexual assault and domestic violence. Trafficking is different, a unique form of abuse with separate programs designed to address it in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act.  When trafficking victims also experience sexual assault, they can also access programs funded through VAWA for sexual assault victims. The Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act explicitly provides that VAWA programs are to help victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking. That includes trafficking victims. That language was carefully crafted with advocates for victims of those crimes.  Accordingly, I believe that amendment 10 is unnecessary. It duplicates and reiterates what the bill already provides. So long as it does not harm and does not create confusion, I support it. The Senator from Oklahoma may accuse us of providing duplicative programs, but no one is going to subject themselves to sexual assault just because they might be eligible for a VAWA program or help from a trafficking program. No individual victim is going to somehow profit at taxpayers' expense. The amendment is accepted merely as further clarification of the availability of VAWA programs to children who are both victims of trafficking and sexual assault. Sex trafficking victims are by definition also sexual assault victims.  I am not in favor of confusing program administrators or taking program funds away from victims of rape and domestic violence. I have worked hard not to pit victims against each other. Instead, I have tried to provide for the needs of all victims.  