And it is unprecedented. I have been here 38 years, and this has never happened before, this unprecedented obstruction of the FBI nominee.  In addition to the unprecedented obstruction on the FBI nominee, I want to mention another topic that my friends on the other side of the aisle are blocking. A small minority of Senators are objecting to moving forward with a budget conference. We have all heard a lot of talk in the last few years about getting our fiscal house in order--it makes for a great campaign slogan. But I am afraid that too many in this body are not following through on their responsibility to govern.  It has been over four months since the Senate passed its version of a budget resolution. We all remember being here overnight voting on amendment after amendment. In the intervening months Senate Democrats have tried 17 times to move to a bipartisan budget conference with the House to work outa final budget agreement. Yet each time the perfunctory request is made--a request that normally is agreed to shortly after we finish our version of the budget--someone from the other side of the aisle, with the full support of their leadership, objects.  After years of crocodile tears from the other side of aisle about the lack of a budget from the Senate, we finally pass one and they object to moving forward.  After years of hearing how we need to get our fiscal house in order because the national debt is the single most pressing issue facing the country, we pass a responsible budget plan to pay down the debt and they object to moving forward.  When it comes time to turn all the politicking into governing, they get cold feet and object.  As the distinguished chairwoman of the Budget Committee has lamented over and over again, I am sorry to say that for some factions in the Republican Party today ``compromise'' is a dirty word and ``distrust'' is a political tactic. That may explain why Senate Republicans have offered up excuse after excuse for blocking the regular budget order they so desperately pled for just a short time ago. Republicans are denying the opportunity for members of this body to work with members of the other body on hammering out a final budget agreement.  I have been fortunate to serve in this chamber for 38 years. I was elected to the Senate in 1974, the same year the Congressional Budget Act passed into law. And I served here with Senator Edmund Muskie of Maine, the first chairman of the Budget Committee. In all those years--with all those budgets--I cannot recall one, single instance where political obstruction like this blocked the Senate from going to conference on a budget resolution. And just to be sure, I checked with the Congressional Research Service and they could not find another instance of obstruction like this on a budget conference either. Not from Democrats; not from the old GOP; not from anyone until now.  Some in this body have objected to the Senate considering any appropriations bills until a final budget agreement is reached. Let me see if I get this straight. The very same people who have been begging for a new budget plan are blocking the Senate from going to conference on the budget resolution and then saying we cannot possibly deal with any bills to fund the government next year until we have a final budget agreement, inching us even closer to a government shutdown or a government default that would devastate our economy and ruin the very fiscal house they claim they are trying to get in order. Oh, the sweet irony here.  It is time for reason and sanity to return to the Senate--on this budget resolution, on nominations, and on a whole host of other issues. I think returning to regular order on the budget conference--and letting conference members from the House and the Senate work out a final agreement--would be a good first step to bringing some comity and order back to this body so we can serve the American people.  