We need to consider which of our policies are working and which, while perhaps well-intentioned when they were adopted in the highly charged weeks and months after 9/11, are not making us safer. There is ample evidence that the status quo is unsustainable.  As recent revelations have made clear, we need a careful review of our surveillance activities. For example, this summer many Americans learned for the first time that Section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act has for years been secretly interpreted to authorize the collection of Americans' phone records on an unprecedented scale.  Despite the massive privacy intrusion of this program, the executive branch has not made the case that this program is uniquely valuable to protecting our national security, and that is why I introduced the bipartisan USA FREEDOM Act with Congressman Sensenbrenner. We want to end this dragnet collection and place appropriate safeguards on a wide range of government surveillance authorities.  We also must close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. In the coming days the Senate will take up and debate the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014. That act contains many provisions that are central to our national security, and many of those provisions will help our allies around the world.  Among the most important are provisions that would help make it possible to close the facility at Guantanamo. As long as Guantanamo remains open, it doesn't protect our national security. It serves as a recruiting tool for terrorists, it needlessly siphons away critical national security dollars, and discredits America's historic role as a global leader that defends human rights and the rule of law. As a United States Senator, I feel that this is not the face of America I want the world to see.  Currently, 164 individuals remain detained at Guantanamo. Most of them have been there for more than a decade. More than half--84--have been cleared for transfer to another country, but efforts to do so have stalled largely due to irrationally onerous restrictions imposed by Congress. These unnecessary and counterproductive hurdles have made it all but impossible to close Guantanamo, and they have also severely damaged our credibility when we criticize other governments for their use of indefinite detention. We used to be able to do that. Now they look at us and say: How can you speak?  Provisions in the 2014 NDAA would ease these restrictions. While they are incremental, they would streamline procedures for transferring detainees to other countries, and, where appropriate, allow them to be transferred to the United States for trial or detention. These are common sense changes and they are necessary if we are serious about putting an end to what I believe is an ugly chapter in our history.  There are some who will come to the floor of this Chamber over the next several days to tell us how dangerous and irresponsible it would be to close Guantanamo. I would answer that the facts are simply not with them. The bottom line is that Guantanamo hurts us; it does not help us.  Guantanamo does not make us safer. We are all committed--all of us in this body--to protecting the national security of the United States and the American people, but Guantanamo undermines those efforts. Our national security and military leaders have concluded that keeping Guantanamo open is itself a risk to our national security.The facility continues to serve as a recruitment tool for terrorists. It weakens our alliances with key international partners.  Guantanamo does not hold terrorists accountable. The military commission system for trying these detainees does not work. Federal courts have recently overturned two Guantanamo convictions in opinions that will actually prevent the military commission prosecutors from bringing conspiracy and material charges against detainees--a fact acknowledged by the lead military prosecutor at Guantanamo.  These charges, however, can be pursued in Federal courts where our prosecutors have a strong track record of obtaining long prison sentences against those who seek to do us harm. Since 9/11, Federal courts have convicted more than 500 terrorism-related suspects, and they remain securely behind bars.  Guantanamo is also diverting scarce resources from critical national security efforts at a time when the Department of Defense faces deep and ongoing cuts. Most Americans would be surprised to know how much it costs to maintain Guantanamo. It costs about $450 million a year to house 164 individuals. That means we are spending about $2.7 million per detainee every year--every year--year in, year out, and some have been there for more than a decade.  In Federal prisons, it costs less than $80,000 a year to hold an individual, compared to $2.7 million at Guantanamo. So $80,000 at our most secure Federal prisons, which have housed hundreds of convicted terrorists for decades. There has never been an escape. And, despite the fact the Pentagon rejected a request earlier this year to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to overhaul the aging compound, House Republicans included this spending in their version of the National Defense Authorization Act.  We can't get money for school lunches for our children, we can't get money for the Women, Infants, and Children Program, but we can continue to spend hundreds of millions of dollars more for Guantanamo. Our priorities as Americans are upside down.  The money squandered on this long-failed experiment would be better served helping disabled veterans returning home from war and soldiers preparing to defend our Nation in the future. We don't have enough money to do that, but we have enough money to keep Guantanamo open. Come on. This waste must end.  Guantanamo has undermined our reputation as a champion of human rights. Countries that respect the rule of law and human rights do not lock away prisoners indefinitely without charge or trial. We condemn authoritarian states that carry out such practices and we should not tolerate them ourselves, even for our worst enemies. We are a better people than that.  The status quo at Guantanamo is untenable and I appreciate President Obama's renewed vow to shutter this unnecessary, expensive, and counterproductive prison. But in order for the President's plan to be successful, Congress has to do its part.  We have to pass common sense provisions in the National Defense Authorization Act. I thank Senator Levin for his leadership on this issue as chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee. I stand solidly with Senators Feinstein, Durbin, and others who have long recognized that it is in our national security interest to close Guantanamo. It is the fiscally responsible thing to do, it is the morally responsible thing to do, and, above all, it will actually make our country safer.  For over a decade, the indefinite detention of prisoners at Guantanamo has contradicted our most basic principles of justice, degraded our international standing, and harmed our national security. It is shameful we are still debating this issue. The status quo is unacceptable. Close Guantanamo.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  