I know how much I appreciated working with her and Senator Shaheen earlier this year to get the Leahy-Crapo Violence Against Women Act reauthorized. Senator Ayotte, of course, was an important leader in her caucus on that bipartisan bill. I hope and expect she will be on the bipartisan immigration bill as well, especially since it also contains several protections for victims of domestic violence and human trafficking.  Just this morning the President of the United States spoke to all of us in this country, to all of America, about the need for Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform. He called our commonsense bipartisan bill the best chance we have had in years to fix the broken immigration system. He urged us to do the right thing and do it now. He was joined by a cross-section of distinguished Americans, Democrats and Republicans alike, from DREAMers to former President Bush administration officials to business leaders and law enforcement representatives and clergy and laymen. It was interesting to see the coalition that oftentimes will not stand together on an issue or be opposed to each other standing together in unity on this issue.  I know I am meeting later this week with the President along with a bipartisan group of Senators so we can work together to pass comprehensive immigration reform. I would encourage him to keep on speaking about this because there are Senators in both parties who want real immigration reform.  Because it is an important economic issue, it is also a civil rights issue. It is an issue of fundamental fairness. It speaks to where we are as a nation. The other day when I was speaking about this bill, and they referenced the fact that--something I never expected when I came to the Senate--I have become the President pro tempore of the Senate. It means I have been here a long time.  The distinguished Presiding Officer that day, the Acting President pro tempore, a colleague of ours, she herself is an immigrant. She came to this country with her mother. She has explained that they had all of their possessions in one suitcase. Her mother was fleeing an abusive spouse and came to this country. Now that mother's daughter is a Senator.  I think of my wife. She was born in this country, but her parents came here from Canada speaking a different language and became very successful in their careers, helped employ a lot of people in our State of Vermont. My maternal grandparents came from Italy not speaking the language, had a business, employed a lot of people, became a very important part of our country. Their children, one became the highest decorated pilot in World War II, other distinguished careers, one, of course, I am closest to is my mother.  I remember her pride and my father's pride when they saw their son, one generation removed, become a Senator. Well, there is going to be success stories all over this country if we stand for true immigration reform, if we make it possible for people of different backgrounds and different races, different cultures to come here and make this country a better country. They speak of us as being the melting pot but the melting pot that brings about a wonderful combination. We see that in a nation--not a nation of such unity of thought and religion and politics and appearance that becomes bland and not vibrant. Instead, we are a country of different cultures and languages and backgrounds, and we all become Americans. The sum of the whole is greater than the parts. We are a better country for it.  So if we stand together, if we stay true to our values and agreements, I believe we can pass legislation that will be a continuing renewal of our spirit, our creativity, our vitality as a nation, which upholds our great traditions and compassion in humanity as a welcoming nation. That is what I believe the Senate should do, what I believe our ancestors should have done, I believe generations before us that made this a great country should have done, and I believe we will be a better country if we will because of the people who have become citizens in this country.  I look forward to the day when we come together, we 100 Senators come together and pass a bill that reflects the conscience of our Nation, the conscience of the Senate, a bill that will make us all proud and America proud.  I yield the floor.  