President, I am encouraged that later today the Senate will vote on four amendments to theimmigration bill. I hope it is an indication that the Senate is going to begin considering amendments in an orderly and efficient way. I would encourage Senators to file their amendments and come to the floor and offer them. I share the majority leader's wish to make progress on this important legislation. We know the immigration system is sorely in need of reform and now is the time to do it.  Last week we should have disposed of several amendments to the bill before us, but in the Senate, progress requires cooperation. Instead of going forward and actually having Senators take positions and vote up or down, we had objection after objection from the opponents of this legislation who put the Senate in the unenviable position of having the public see us as voting ``maybe.'' We know why people get discouraged with Congress. They don't realize that there is a small number of people blocking any voting. They expect us to vote for or against something. There are going to be political costs to voting for or voting against, but they expect us to vote. It comes with the job. And when people objected to proceeding to comprehensive immigration reform, that cost us several days. Again, the American public sees the Senate as voting ``maybe.''  Well, I am one Senator willing to take the consequences of voting for or against something and not voting ``maybe.'' I think most Senators would prefer voting yes or no and not maybe. In fact, when we finally ended the filibuster and were able to vote to proceed to the bill, 84 Senators stood up and said, Let's proceed. They voted in favor of doing so. They know they are going to risk some criticism for doing that, but at least they had the courage to do it.  We still have a tiny handful of Senators who keep on trying to say vote ``maybe.'' It is frustrating because that initial delay was not necessary. It didn't add to the debate. It simply hindered the Senate's consideration of the bill. In fact, opponents of the bipartisan legislation have even objected to adoption of the Judiciary Committee substitute bill despite widespread praise from both Republicans and Democrats for how we conducted our proceedings and our overwhelming bipartisan vote to get the bill to the full Senate. This was a bill where almost all of the amendments accepted in Committee were on a bipartisan vote. Additionally, over 40 amendments offered by Republicans were accepted by the Committee.  So the votes against even proceeding to this bill indicate that at least 15 Members of the minority are so dug in against comprehensive immigration reform that they are unalterably opposed. They want us to vote maybe to duck the issue. They want to duck the issue. That is not a profile in courage. Those few Senators should not further obstruct the 84 Senators who appear ready to go to work on this bill and vote for or against it. The question is whether the other Members of the Republican Party will follow those who seek to delay the Senate's consideration or whether they will work with us to pass a good bill.  More than 100 amendments have been filed to the comprehensive immigration reform bill, but over the last 2 weeks we have only voted once on the motion to table an amendment that already had been defeated in committee.  I began this process with a spirit of cooperation. I offered an amendment on behalf of myself and Senator Hatch, the senior member of the Republican Party, to strengthen our visa program for visiting foreign artists who come to perform with nonprofit arts organizations. I was then willing, following the procedures and the cooperation I have known here in the Senate for decades, to give consent to Senator Grassley to set aside my amendment and offer his amendment relating to border security. Unfortunately, when we asked for the same courtesy so that other Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike, could call up additional amendments, there was an objection. I was expected to cooperate and follow this normal procedure, but the second we asked for the other side to do that, it was: Oh, no, we can't do it. The rules have to be different.  Then when the majority leader offered a unanimous consent request to have votes on the Grassley amendment and others in a manner that Senate Republicans, including the Senate Republican leader just a few days ago, had been insisting on with respect to amendments and legislation and nominations, the minority objected.  Then when the majority leader asked that a group of amendments offered by Senators on both sides of the aisle be allowed to be offered, again there was an objection.  So it is with great effort that we are trying to work through amendments. But like the minority's treatment of nominations, even consensus amendments are being objected to and delayed. We have been unable to get an amendment by the Republican Senator from Nevada pending because there is Republican objection to a Republican Senator offering an amendment which is probably going to pass with overwhelming support from both Republicans and Democrats. It is no wonder public approval of Congress in last week's Gallup poll is 10 percent. At a time when so many Americans are in favor of reforming the Nation's broken immigration system, we in the Senate should be working together to meet that demand and reflect what the people of America want.  The President spoke again last week about immigration reform and what is needed. The President had with him a broad cross-section of those supporting our efforts from business and labor to law enforcement, clergy, and from both sides of the aisle. Just as I worked with President Bush in 2006 when he supported comprehensive immigration reform, I urge Senate Republicans to work with us now. Senators from both sides of the aisle worked together to develop this legislation--Senators from both sides of the aisle.  Then Senators from the Judiciary Committee considered it and adopted more than 130 amendments to improve it, almost all of them with a bipartisan vote. Senators from both sides of the aisle need to come together now to defeat debilitating amendments and pass this legislation.  One of the procedural disputes that has delayed us is the application of what the Majority Leader has termed the ``McConnell rule'' to provide for 60-vote thresholds for adopting amendments. Senate Republicans are now objecting to their leader's own rule. That is why the Majority Leader on Thursday took the action left to him to move forward on the bill and moved to table Senator Grassley's amendment, which I had worked with Senator Grassley to allow him to offer and have pending. I am glad that we have now gotten agreement to treat Republican and Democratic amendments equally.  Though I am encouraged that we will begin voting on this legislation, I believe that the Senate should not have gone down the path insisted upon by the Republican leader when he demanded supermajority votes of 60 by the Senate on so many amendments and legislation. He has made everything subject to a filibuster standard. I have tried to have the Senate act by a majority vote, which is the practice I would favor. Unfortunately, the Republican leader has prevailed over and over again and Republicans have insisted on 60-vote thresholds for the adoption of amendments. That is the rule on which they have insisted. And late last week, the minority objected to its own rule when the Majority Leader asked for consent to set votes for the Senate. They cannot insist upon a rule for one side and not the other. They cannot have it both ways. I understand why the Majority Leader has asked for the same consents on which the Republican leader has insisted for years, following what the Majority Leader has termed the ``McConnell rule.''  What Republican Senators were insisting upon is a simple majority threshold for their amendments and a 60-vote barrier for Democratic Senators' amendments. That is not fair. I am ready to work with the Majority Leader, the Republican leader, the Chairman and ranking member of the Rules Committee, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee and other interested Senators on reestablishing majority rule in the Senate except in special circumstances. That new arrangement will have to follow our work on this bill and not delay or be applied retroactively to undermine comprehensive immigration reform.  With respect to Senator Grassley's amendment, which was tabled lastweek, I note that it was tabled by a bipartisan majority of 57 votes. That included five Republican votes. Of course, this was an amendment, as most people knew on the floor, that had been considered by the Judiciary Committee. It was defeated by a bipartisan vote of two-thirds of the committee. It would have undermined and unfairly preempted the pathway to earn citizenship. It would have made the fates of millions seeking to come out of the shadows to join American life unfairly depend on circumstances way beyond any control they might have. I am troubled by proposals that contain false promises in which we promise citizenship, but it is always over the next mountain: We are going to give citizenship, but not quite yet. It is almost like Sisyphus pushing that rock up the hill. I want the pathway to be clear and the goal of citizenship attainable. It can't be rigged by some elusive precondition. We should treat people fairly and not have their fates determined by matters beyond their control. No undocumented American controls the border or is responsible for its security. The things that are being set up to kill this bill would have blocked my grandparents from coming to Vermont from Italy and would have blocked the parents and grandparents of many of the Senators now serving in the Senate. So I don't want people to move out of the shadows or to be stuck in some underclass. Just as we should not fault the DREAMers who were brought here as children, we should not make people's fates and future status dependent on border enforcement conditions over which they have no control.  This legislation is far too important to be subject to needless delay, and I hope the votes today signal an end to the delay we have experienced until this point. We should have a healthy and vigorous debate on the bill reported out of the Judiciary Committee. Central to that debate is considering and voting on amendments.  One of the bright moments so far during this debate, in the view of the American public, was the way Republicans and Democrats alike worked in the Senate Judiciary Committee to get this bill before us in the full Senate. The public debate was followed online by thousands of people. We brought up amendments, we debated them, and then we voted on them. Nobody voted maybe; they voted yes and they voted no. The American public responded overwhelmingly, saying this was the way to go, and I think Republicans and Democrats on the floor justly praised the way it was done in the Judiciary Committee. There were 18 of us working together, and I compliment the distinguished Senator from Iowa for working with us. Although he disagreed with the outcome, we worked together to get that debate finished. We went into the evenings and we worked all day for a couple of weeks and we got it done. But now all 100 of us should stand here and do the same thing. Demands for different voting standards for Republican and Democratic amendments are wrong.  A couple of weeks ago, the distinguished Republican leader spoke at an event. I was sitting there. He knew I was following him to speak. He said, On a matter of this importance, all amendments should be subject to a 60-vote threshold. Well, I have had a different view in the past, but I said, OK then, we will do that for both Democratic and Republican amendments, but let's get it done. Having different standards for Republicans and Democrats is not how the Judiciary Committee considered this legislation. It is also not how the majority of Americans expect us to conduct the debate. The tactics of last week undermine the Senate's work on this important bill. Those who have already decided to oppose this bill at the end of the Senate's consideration can vote against it, but they should not dictate the work of 84 Senators who are ready to go forward and vote.  I call on all Senators to please file their amendments to this bipartisan legislation by Thursday and work with us, if need be, on Friday and Saturday and through the weekend, so we can make much-needed progress on this legislation without further delay.  Mr. President, is there a division of time?  