President, I appreciate the comments of the distinguished majority leader, and I will be speaking further on this matter later in the coming week. I thank him and everybody who worked with him for getting us here.  I am reminded today that legislating is about making tough choices; it is not about standing on the sidelines and complaining that we can't get a perfect solution enacted. I have been privileged to serve in this great body for 38 years because of the trust of the people of Vermont. In my time here, those 38 years, I have rarely seen such commitment to an issue as I have seen over the last 6 months to comprehensive immigration reform.  I think of the dozens of witnesses who came before the Judiciary Committee, such as Jose Antonio Vargas and Gaby Pacheco, who called on the Senate to achieve bipartisan immigration reform. I think of the hours we spent, Republicans and Democrats alike, in the Judiciary Committee considering amendments and debating this bill. What was initially a proposal from the Gang of 8 became, through an extensive committee process, the product of a Group of 18. Since the bill was reported to the Senate floor, bipartisan talks have continued and the circle of Members supporting it has continued to grow.  I will speak next week more about those Members, but I hope my friend and neighbor from New York, Senator Schumer, will not be embarrassed when I mention something very few people know about him. He has a 10-pound battery on his cell phone. It is the only way he could keep making those calls that harass and nudge and move us, at all hours of the day and night. So I just gave away that secret. That is the way he is able to do it--that and the fact he hasn't slept for several weeks.  Senators have been negotiating for days, late into the night, trying to gain more Republican support for this important immigration reform legislation. Senators Hoeven and Corker put together an aggressive package that will add new Republican support to our bipartisan effort, and for that progress I am grateful. However, it is an understatement to say that this is not the amendment I would have drafted. I am disappointed in many parts of it. The modification to the Leahy amendment before us reads like a Christmas wish list for Halliburton.  I am sure there are Federal contracting firms high-fiving at the prospect of all of the spending demanded by some of our friends on the other side in this amendment. The litany of expensive services, technology, and hardware mandated by this package is combined with--the thing that bothers me--an inexplicable waiver of many of our normal contracting rules. That is a potential we must watch out for--for waste and fraud.  It is astounding that we have not learned the hard lessons we learned in Iraq. All of us should remember the disgraceful conduct demonstrated by some private companies in Iraq--companies that will now be seeking contracts here--which was uncovered by the work of the special inspector general for Iraq. I believe all of my friends, both Republicans and Democrats on this floor, will join with me in saying these border provisions are going to require significant congressional oversight, and I add oversight of the inspectors general. It is when the inspectors general looked into Iraq that we found out what was going on.  I worry that when many of my friends talk about border security, the high cost of these projects are absent from the discussion. Yet when we talk about programs that help children who live near the poverty line or people who need medical research for what otherwise would be an incurable disease, then suddenly fiscal concerns are paramount. I think we hear too much about spending money on one border rather than coming up with a comprehensive solution that takes pressure off that border.  This package is border security on steroids. Some are calling it a surge, and that military reference makes sense because it is going to militarize hundreds of American communities in the Southwest. But with a border surge--I say this as a compliment to my friends on the other side of the aisle--comes additional Republican support for the rest of the essential pieces to reunite families, provide a path to citizenship for millions, and spur significant job growth in our country. And that I do support, and I thank all of the Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, for helping to bring that about.  One of the reasons I stayed on as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee is because of this once-in-a-generation chance for us to truly reform our immigration system. It is a tragic problem that calls out for a comprehensive solution. There are too many people, too many families kept apart because of our broken immigration system, and there are too many people living in the shadows who should be allowed to gain their citizenship. We cannot fail. We owe it to them--to people like Jose and Gaby and so many others--to get legislation passed.  So while I do not agree with many of the border demands, I will support this modification of my amendment because I am making the tough choice that it is better than not making progress toward passage of this critical bill. But I do not want anybody to mistake what I am saying--there are many, many areas where both Republicans and Democrats have come together, and that I applaud.  I yield the floor.  