President, one of the great privileges in serving in the U.S. Senate is the ability to make recommendations to the President with respect to important nominations for posts in our States. I was pleased 4years ago to recommend to President Obama the nomination of David Demag to be Vermont's U.S. Marshal, and to help move his nomination through the Judiciary Committee and Senate confirmation. In fact, he was the first U.S. Marshal to be confirmed during the Obama administration.  Since his confirmation, Marshal Demag's tireless devotion to reducing crime rates in Vermont has helped make my home State a safe and comfortable home for its residents.  Marshal Demag began his career in 1971 as a patrol officer for the Burlington Police Department, where he rose through the ranks as corporal, detective, sergeant, lieutenant, and later, commander. I have known Marshal Demag throughout his career. He served as chief of police for both the Essex and St. Albans Police Departments. He also was a member of the Burlington Police Department. He has been a leader in Vermont in the fight against rural crime, and has spent his life and career devoted to public service.  As a U.S. Marshal for Vermont, Dave Demag has remained dedicated to arresting the State's most wanted fugitives and sex offenders and his work in establishing the Vermont Violent Offender Task Force has expanded the ability of the U.S. Marshal's office to catch violent and habitual sex offenders. The task force has not only served as a tool for bringing law enforcement officials throughout the State together, but has also improved Vermont's track record for fugitive arrests to 70 percent while reinvesting assets seized from criminals to address the needs of State and local law enforcement. These results are making a real difference in the lives of Vermonters across the State and should serve as a model for how Federal and State law enforcement can work together around the country.  One of Vermont's local news stations, WCAX, recently ran a story highlighting these accomplishments, and I ask unanimous consent that a copy of that story be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks. I look forward to Marshal Demag's continued partnership with state and local law enforcement in Vermont.  