 I share with the gentleman--he and I helped create the Transportation Security Administration--tremendous frustration with bureaucracy that gets over the edge for no real purpose, and I will not say that the current process is perfect. Particularly as relates to general aviation, we have had a couple of problems, one in which the chairman has been very involved, having to do with standards for what constitutes a potential threat aircraft and also the issue of background checks for those who work in the general aviation field.  But beyond that, many of these directives are based on sensitive security information or even classified information. So they could not very well, if you were dealing, say, with the gel and liquids rule, subject that to the bureaucratic rulemaking process. I don't think the way to solve inadequacies and problems with the current directive process is to create an even more lengthy, expensive bureaucratic process. I don't think on a normal day the gentleman from Florida would ever present the idea to this Congress that we should expand rulemaking and go back and revisit rules that have already been made and put them through a very lengthy and expensive process. What he wants is more transparency. He wants common sense, and he wants stakeholder groups to have an opportunity to intervene. The legislation does bring stakeholder groups into the process, particularly as relates to general aviation.  The chairman is using his oversight authority to go after nonsensical rules and problems that have occurred. One happened recently with a group of aged veterans on a charter aircraft where the chairman has called the agency to account and asked for a review of the procedures they are using. So I would say there is a new era here.  We are going to make them responsive and responsible and make their work make more sense and meet our true security needs. But if you impose this on the entire structure, you're going to divert a lot of resources in the Transportation Security Administration over into a bureaucratic, lengthy rulemaking process. They are not going to have the flexibility to change, say, the liquids rule as they did from ``all liquids are banned'' to ``well, prescriptions can go'' to ``so many ounces can go.'' Each of those would have required a 6-month to 2-year change in the process during which we would be locked into whatever the first emergency rule was for only 6 months under the gentleman's proposal. It is not a practical way to address this.  