 economy continues to limp along mired in a jobless recovery. Wall Street banks have begun to recover thanks to a $700 billion bailout paid for by taxpayers. Unfortunately, everyone else continues to suffer the effects of the economic collapse. Oregon's unemployment rate exceeds 11 percent and small businesses in my district can't get banks to lend to them. I have long advocated for a targeted jobs recovery program that focuses on substantial investments in our Nation's infrastructure, which will create jobs quickly and leave a long-term benefit for future generations.  I reluctantly voted for H.R. 2847, the Jobs for Main Street Act because it begins to make these investments that are both desperately needed and effective at creating jobs. There are nearly 10,000 of ready-to-go infrastructure projects across the country that have been postponed or delayed due to decades of underinvestment and underfunding. There are 61,000 miles of the National Highway System in poor or fair condition. 152,000 bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete. The Nation's largest transit agencies face a combined $80 billion maintenance backlog to bring their rail systems to a state of good repair.  The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, ARRA, provided a mere $34 billion for highway and transit formula programs. Nearly 70 percent of the funding has already been put out to bid on over 9,500 infrastructure projects. The 7,900 Recovery Act infrastructure projects have created or sustained more than 210,000 direct jobs, as well as 630,000 indirect jobs in the past nine months.  As the ARRA Act infrastructure funding draws to a close, there are still over 9,000 shovel ready infrastructure projects across the country that could proceed within 120 days. The projects include 7,500 in ready-to-go highway and bridge projects; over 1,800 in ready-to-go transit, rail, port, and aviation projects; and an estimated $21 billion worth of projects that transit agencies across the country could undertake immediately. These projects will create not just public sector construction jobs, but will procure American-made transit buses, trains, electrical equipment, computer systems and software designed by private sector, American engineers.  H.R. 2847 represents the bare minimum of what we need to do. Should the Senate redirect this effort to tax cuts or other ineffective job creation policies, I will have a very difficult time supporting a final bill.  