Speaker, the gentlelady's concerned about two things, the deficit and jobs. I share those concerns. But again, we have a little problem with consistency. When she was offered an opportunity, just in September, to extend the national surface transportation investment, fully paid for through user fees, gas tax and other fees, fully paid for, a program that creates millions of jobs, construction jobs, she voted ``no.'' She voted to end all funding for investment in our national transportation infrastructure, an extraordinary vote, unbelievable for someone who cares about jobs and cares about the deficit, because it was paid for and it creates millions of jobs.  And on October 1 that program was going down, and tens of thousands of people across the United States of America would have been unemployed, private sector people, construction workers who are already hard-hit in this recession. If the Republicans and she had their way, that program would have ended on October 1.  Now, it's pretty hard to justify that vote. I don't quite understand it. But she also has the same consistency problem as the gentleman from Utah; that is, when there was an opportunity to help those school districts, those local communities fund critical public safety, sheriffs and jail beds, she voted ``no'' along with a large majority of Republicans against my legislation last May.  Now, there's this suddenly newfound interest in a community that doesn't want her interest. They want self-determination. They support this legislation. The elected Representative supports this legislation. But, no, the Republicans from elsewhere around the country, they know better than the people of Oregon. They know better what would help the people of Oregon.  Except, again, back to the Bush administration and the Republicans running Congress, when the Bush administration had an opportunity to continue payments to those counties, or change the forest policy, they did neither. They didn't change the Clinton forest plan, which I opposed, which has devastated communities. And they allowed the legislation signed by President Bill Clinton to give assistance to those counties impacted by his forest policies assistance--they allowed that to expire, too, when they were in charge. And the gentlelady said nothing at that time. She didn't help support us in that effort. She didn't support that. She didn't support it last year when I offered it.  So let's not have a false debate here about what's better for the people of Oregon, coming from even a near neighbor in Washington State, or from the gentleman in Utah, or a woman from back East. Let's respect the local will of the people.  When Don Young chaired the Resources Committee, we kind of had a rule. We didn't mess around in each other's districts. I kind of liked that rule. We're messing around in someone else's district here. We're messing around with the local will. And let's not have newfound sympathy for my constituents who've been hit so hard when you didn't lift a finger to help them when you ran everything.  