Speaker, I introduced my first bill to enhance screening of aviation in 1987. I saw the extraordinary deficiencies of the system back then, fought for two decades with the airline industry, and it took a horrible tragedy to transform the system. Even 2 years before that bill, Mr. Lipinski and I looked at the workforce--minimum wage, high turnover, some of them were illegal aliens--and said we ought to Federalize the screening workforce. We need a better system. Again, the airlines fought. Again, it took a tragedy.  Well, now, out of that we have developed the potential for a better system. This bill will move it along tremendously, both in aviation and surface security that we need to protect our Nation. This bill represents tremendous progress, tripling the funding for surface transportation and the oversight program that will require that airlines give meaningful training to flight crews--something that some of the airlines still aren't doing. They say it costs too much.  We will have new standards for foreign repair stations. We have a huge loophole. Most of our planes--or many of them--are getting maintenance overseas where there is no security. Just imagine what a terrorist operative could do to sabotage one of our planes over there. It helps with the last line of defense. Our Federal Flight Deck Officer program. And it makes other tremendous improvements.  I am a bit bemused by the gentleman from Indiana alleging that this bill somehow might allow some terrorist to somehow--who is known--not be on the No Fly List. We've got a whole bunch of really bad people in prison, not just down in Guantanamo but in our super-maximum security prisons here; some who attacked the Twin Towers before 9/11. The guy called the Unibomber. Guess what? They're not on the No Fly List because they aren't going anywhere. And if they did escape, they certainly wouldn't be flying under their own name. So we don't routinely put people who are in super maximum security prisons on a No Fly List.  But what the bill says if and when any one of those people who was detained at Guantanamo is in any way capable of getting out and getting on an airplane: If they're sent to a foreign nation for disposition and we don't know what that disposition would be, their name must go on the No Fly List. So his arguments about somehow we're undermining security or threatening the public are particularly puzzling to me. As one who has advocated long and hard for enhanced security, I'm a bit insulted by that.  Now, we need better technology for the Federal workforce to use at the point where they screen passengers. And one of those things is a walk-through device where you'll be able to see any concealed contraband on the person. That is a tremendous step forward. They've been using it in Heathrow for years now. It's an option at Heathrow.  