 Reclaiming my time, it is interesting to me, and I represent one of the districts most impacted by changes in Federal forest policy and suffering some of the highest rates of unemployment in the United States, and it is interesting to hear the gentleman from Utah now come before us as such a tremendous advocate for local governments with revenues created or shared from Federal lands, because when we were in a crisis, the Bush administration having made no changes in Federal forest policy and still limping along during the 6 years that the Republicans controlled the House, the White House and the Senate, the guarantees that had been put in place to ameliorate the impact of the Clinton forest plan, which I opposed, expired. They just expired while George Bush was in the White House and the Republicans controlled the House and the Senate.  Now I wonder about that tremendous concern. At that time when they controlled everything, they had an opportunity to continue a program that would fund sheriffs and would maintain our jail space and would fund our roads, bridges, and highways on the county system, would help fund schools, they just walked away from it. They let it die. And it took the Democrats 5 months to pass, after we took control from the Republicans, despite the objections of the Republicans andthe Bush administration, to pass legislation to give emergency payments for 1 year, and then yet again the Democrats in the last Congress extended the program for 4 years with a phasedown.  I actually did bring my bill for authorizing programs to the floor of the House last year on June 5, 2008. It was brought up under a suspension of the rules, unfortunately. Because of Republican opposition to the bill, it was deemed it would have to come up under suspension of the rules. We got 218 positive votes; 16 of those were Republican, 16, but it was not the gentleman from Utah. He opposed my proposal.  Suddenly, now, over a little 400 acres of land, which does not have any potential to produce any large amount of money, if any, under the current forest management, he wants to block this bill. But last year when the opportunity to vote to extend funding to all of the counties and school districts in America, and his State would have been one of the greatest beneficiaries outside of Oregon and California, he voted ``no.''  So sometimes around here, I think the proof is in the pudding on how you vote. I think it is an objection of convenience on the part of the gentleman, this sudden, newfound concern for local governments and schools for the nonexistent revenue from this very small parcel of land as opposed to the benefits that would accrue to that area by the protection of this. The local governments and all of the other officials in that area support the legislation. They aren't concerned about some theoretical, infinitesimal loss of money. They are more concerned about protecting the resource and developing that area into a recreation corridor that will attract people from around the State and perhaps from around the Nation to that area. That is part of their local economic development strategy, and that is what the local governments want. That is what the Representative for that district wants. That is what I support, and I will just say that any specious argument that somehow this hurts local government, hurts schoolkids, hurts public safety, coming from someone who opposed an opportunity to give robust funding for public safety, schoolkids all across America, to all of these distressed counties, is a little bit out of line.  