Chairman, I would like to start by expressing my appreciation for how Chairwoman Granger has conducted the business of this subcommittee. Her abiding priority has remained the safety, effectiveness, and efficiency of every man and woman in uniform. Additionally, she has taken a thoughtful and bipartisan approach to our work. She has been transparent, considerate of every Member's request in this body, and is a fierce defender of the oversight responsibilities and constitutional prerogatives of the Congress.  I would also like to express my gratitude to Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Lowey, and the other members of the subcommittee for their efforts. This legislation would not have happened without the incredibly skilled staff that the chairwoman has just enumerated, and I will join her in thanking them for their outstanding work.  I would also be remiss if I did not also use a portion of my time to recognize that this will be the last time I will manage time on a Defense appropriations bill with my very good friend, Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen, on the floor with us. He is a consummate gentleman, decent to his core, a tireless advocate for the people he represents, and always working for the best interest of our Nation and those wearing its uniform. He will be sorely missed, and this body will be lesser without him. I thank him for his service, and I thank him deeply for his friendship.  With regards to the matters before us, I would like to begin by calling attention to an issue of great importance to me: the full integration of women in the military. Female servicemembers are invaluable to the defense of our Nation. For the majority of the time that they have been allowed in the military, women have had to assimilate into a culture established by men for men. This is not the best way to maximize the effectiveness of our armed services.  While I appreciate the opening of combat career fields to women and the Department's emerging effort to ensure that combat equipment is designed and fitted for female servicemembers, I would submit that these are immediate-term solutions.  Bluntly, the rate at which women leave the service is detrimental to its readiness. Some of the reasons for their departures are glaringly obvious and will be difficult to overcome because they will require cultural and significant policy changes. But I am pleased that the House Armed Services Committee in their fiscal year 2019 authorization bill has taken a step to establish a female retention baseline and developed ways to improve female retention. Initiatives like these will help the Appropriations Committee to better focus funding where it can be most effective.  Specific to the bill, the chairwoman has provided an accurate summary, but there are a few areas I would like to highlight. This bill increases funding by almost $200 million above the budget request for several important environmental cleanup accounts. The subcommittee under Chairwoman Granger and previously under Chairman Frelinghuysen has been very proactive on emergency environmental issues, including those caused by firefighting chemicals. Those living on or near military facilities and everyone throughout our country should not have to worry about access to clean drinking water.  Oversight of the management and expenditure of $674 billion is a core function of this subcommittee. As such, this bill contains several cuts to accounts that have large, unobligated balances or have under executed. The funds generated by those cuts have been invested in programs and initiatives that provide more benefit to our country and the warfighter. Unlike the recently debated and much-ballyhooed rescission bill, these are actions of real substance that will benefit the taxpayer.  I believe good oversight is fostered by constructive and informed dialogue between the committee and the agencies. Oversight cannot be effective when proposals are presented at the last minute with the intention of forcing a decision. Oversight cannot be effective when complex changes to a program are first communicated to the legislative branch through the media. I have great respect for the service secretaries and chiefs, but there needs to be an improvement in the timeliness and quality of communication. The committee report to accompany this bill contains several sections encouraging the department as a whole and with a special focus on the Army to adhere to congressional direction, increased transparency for budget exhibits, and improve the quality and timeliness of communication.  I am cautiously optimistic that the bipartisan budget agreement, which provided relief from the Budget Control Act, will provide a pathway for completing the fiscal year 2019 bills in a somewhat timely manner. However, the next two fiscal years present daunting obstacles to make it even more important to complete our work as soon as possible.  Most obvious is the return of the BCA caps for fiscal year 2020, which if left unchanged will require the department's base funding to be reduced by $71 billion from the level provided in this bill. A reduction of that magnitude would cause great disruption. Inexplicably, multiple Congresses have managed to alleviate the budget caps for 7 of 8 years, but only after significant and protracted political theater. I know the senior leaders in the Pentagon are not taking chances and have begun to identify programs to cut in 2020 that will carry the least associated risk for the warfighter if these caps are not adjusted.  Additionally, senior military leaders have testified that arresting the erosion of our military's competitive advantage requires real budget growth of at least 3 percent above inflation through 2023, and that increasing that competitive advantage would require even higher growth. I agree with the assessment that we need to make smart investments, but I do not believe a growth rate of that magnitude is sustainable. Unless we act responsibly on the revenue side of the budget and address entitlements in a meaningful fashion, the money will not be there.  While we are on the floor today debating the funding for the DOD bill, we must consider that maintaining our competitive advantage in defense also requires other investments that we do not immediately equate with military matters. As only 29 percent of Americans aged 17 to 24 qualify for military service, investments in our youth, difficult-to-retain populations, education, and public health are equally important.  Since fiscal year 2016, the annual funding level for the Department of Defense has increased by $100 billion. To put this into context, a $100 billion increase is larger than the annual budget for the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Education, and the Department of Transportation. It is greater than the combined annual budgets of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of the Interior.  Finally, I remain concerned that while we have seen plenty of long-awaited, long-term planning and strategy documents generated by the Pentagon and the White House over the last 500 days, the bulk of our ongoing military operations continue to be authorized by legislation from 17 years ago. There have been four Presidential elections and eight congressional elections since 2001 and its Authorization for Use of Military Force. I am disappointed that the Rules Committee did not make in order any amendments on this matter. It is a shame that this Congress cannot muster the will to even talk about this important issue.  Mr. Chairman, in closing, I, again, thank the chairwoman for her great effort and her true partnership, and I reserve the balance of my time.  