They want to use their guns legally and safely. They want to keep them away from criminals and children.  We put in the provision of this law a background check at gun shows. How frequent are gun shows? Come to downstate Illinois; they are pretty frequent. They have them at civic centers, all sorts of different places. We are not the leading State for gun shows. The leading State for gun shows is Texas. I will return to that in a moment.  Secondly, we said, let's have trigger locks sold with guns. As Senator Torricelli said earlier, 43 percent of guns are sitting around residences within easy access of children. How many times do you pick up the paper and read about a kid playing with a gun, shooting himself or a playmate? How many parents say, we don't have guns in our house because we think it is dangerous. But do you know whether your playmate's family has guns lying around. Who is so naive to believe that children never find Christmas gifts or guns? They go looking and they find them. Sometimes tragedy results.  We want trigger locks so the guns are secure, so a child who picks up that gun can't harm himself or others. Is this a radical idea? I think it is as sensible an idea as putting brakes on a car.  Finally, Senator Feinstein added an amendment which said we don't want to import high-capacity ammo clips from overseas that can only be used for the semiautomatic and automatic weapons to sweep bullets in every direction. I have said that if you need a semiautomatic weapon or an assault weapon to shoot a deer, you ought to stick to fishing. Far too many people in this country think this is an invasion of second amendment rights. Too many people argue that we shouldn't even have these reasonable regulations in gun ownership.  We passed this bill that I am talking about on the floor of the Senate by one vote. Vice President Gore, as is his right under the Constitution, came to this Chair and voted. We passed the bill and sent it to the House. That was over 10 months ago. The bill, of course, was then subject to the National Rifle Association and all of the gun lobby beating up on it. They passed a terrible alternative to it. It has now been sitting in a conference committee month after weary month. We cannot summon the political will or courage to bring a gun safety bill out here to try to make the streets, the schools, and, yes, the zoos of America safe for families and children. No. We want to have an emergency hearing on a 6-year-old boy from Cuba. We want to drop everything. We want to subpoena all of the documents. This summons is more important. I think they are wrong.  When it comes to education, we have tried to focus on smaller class sizes so teachers can spend more time with kids who need help. We have tried to focus on afterschool programs so during that period of time when the school let's out before mom and dad get home kids have a chance to stay in a supervised situation at school so they can be tutored; if they are falling behind, enrichment classes if they are kids who are doing well; play a little sports but do something under supervision; summer school for the same reason--so that education starts reflecting the reality of family life.  We think we can focus as well on a Patients' Bill of Rights so we can say that doctors will make medical decisions and not insurance company clerks. Every medical group in America, nurses and doctors--all of them--support us. We would like to see the decisions on the future of each family's health made by health care professionals and not by people looking at the bottom line of an insurance company. We believe a prescription drug benefit is a high priority.  I had hearings across Illinois, and I have seen it across the Nation. There are people who are literally deciding between food and medicine. Elderly and disabled people can't afford themedicine their doctors prescribe. So they do not fill the prescriptions. They cut the pills in half. They do things they shouldn't do, and they get sick. When they get sick, what happens? They end up in a hospital. If they end up in a hospital, guess what. Medicare will pay the bills now. We wouldn't pay for the pills to keep them out of the hospital but we will pay for the pills when they get sick and go to a hospital.  We think a prescription drug benefit makes sense. We think that is what we should be debating on the floor of the Senate. But we do not. Another week passes by. We consider a lot of other things, and families across America return to ask us: Where are your priorities? What are you thinking about?  