President, the headlines in our morning papers are a sad reminder: America Faces a National Gun Crisis.  USA Today is published across America. This morning's paper, on its front page, speaks of the shooting of a little 6-year-old girl in Mount Morris Township, MI. Her name was Kayla Rolland. Her parents sent her to the first grade. She never came home.  Turn the page and find on page 3:       Pa. Gunman Flies into a Fatal Rage.  Firearms are easy to come by--for 6-year-olds and psychotics. That is the state of affairs in America today. The violence in America is not confined to mean streets. It is in our homes, it is in our fast food restaurants, and, yes, it is even in our schools. We passed legislation several years ago to make certain that Congress and the American people would know, on an annual basis, about the evidence of gun violence in our schools. From the school year 1997 and 1998, the Department of Education reports to us grim statistics about what we face as a nation. Let me recount for you what they have told us.  The U.S. Department of Education's recent report on the implementation of the Gun-Free Schools Act found that 3,930 children were expelled for bringing guns to school during the 1997-1998 school year, almost 4,000 children. Nationwide, 57 percent of the expulsions were high school students, 33 percent were junior high, 10 percent were elementary school. That means almost 400 elementary students were expelled for bringing firearms to school. These children were as young as 6 years old.  In this situation in Mount Morris, MI, Kayla Rolland, this beautiful little girl, was gunned down by a 6-year-old killer. In my home State of Illinois, 86 students were expelled during the year in question for bringing a gun to school: 49 high school students, 31 junior high school students, and 6 elementary school students.  In Illinois, firearms are the leading cause of injury and death to children. The next most common cause is car crashes. On average, 364 children die every single year in Illinois from guns, almost 1 child every single day. Do not believe for a moment this is a story unique to Illinois. The tragedy of Kayla Rolland was in Michigan. Another tragedy yesterday occurred in Pennsylvania.  If you follow the headlines in the paper, you will see a sad reminder on a regular basis of infants and children who have access to guns: ``Eighth Grader Takes Principal Hostage''; ``5-Year-Old Girl Shoots Herself In The Head,'' in New Orleans; in Chicago, ``Girl Killed In An Accidental Shooting''; Kansas City, ``6-Year-Old Accidentally Shoots 1-Year-Old Cousin To Death''; Memphis, ``Angry 5-Year-Old Takes A Gun To School''; Miami, ``15-Year-Old Takes Gun To School, Injures Himself In Horseplay''; in Cleveland, ``4-Year-Old Caught Again For A Second Time With A Gun At Day Care.''  Did he say 4 years old? Yes, a 4-year-old with a gun at day care; a 5-year-old accidentally shoots to death a 10-year-old boy in Grand View, MO; a child brings guns to school in Topeka, KS--on and on and on. What I am addressing today is not an exception. It is becoming a rule. It is becoming a sad reality in America.  We talk a lot about education on the floor of the Senate, as we should. It may be America's highest priority. But before we start talking about funding education and paying and training teachers, before we talk about smaller class sizes, before we talk about modern buildings and new technology, for goodness' sake, should not we first talk about the safety of our children in the schools themselves?  It is unfortunate that this Congress is in virtual denial about the crisis which I have described. We have had an opportunity ever since Columbine High School, and even before, to pass sensible gun control legislation. We havefailed to do it. America faces a national epidemic of gun violence. Guns are a deadly social virus. The same USA Today in its editorial page spells this out so well:       Guns are a deadly social virus that can strike down      children like the horrible diseases of old.  And yet this Congress refuses to acknowledge it. We refuse to consider even the most basic commonsense gun control. Because this Congress refuses to seriously consider any efforts under law to keep deadly firearms out of the hands of children and convicts, I urge my colleagues to, at the very least, consider as an alternative the amendment which I offer today. It is an amendment which tries to give families across America fair warning of the scourge of gun violence and what it can do to so many families. Guns kill 34,000 Americans every year; between 12 and 13 children every day. They kill more teenagers than any natural cause. The American people, especially mothers in suburban areas who are sending their children to school, want some assurance that their children will come home at the end of the day.  That is why I am offering this amendment. It creates the School Violence Reduction Act. What will it do? It is simple. It establishes a grant program for the U.S. Department of Education to develop and disseminate model programs to reduce violence in schools. I would much rather these dollars, the $7 million part of this amendment, be used for other purposes--to buy computers, to train teachers, to reduce class size, to modernize school buildings. But I say to those who follow this debate, we have to deal with the basics, the safety of our schools, before we can consider even the process of education. We need to educate students about the dangers associated with guns. I am sad to report we have to start at the earliest ages to educate them.  We need to provide information about safe gun storage to children and their parents. The amendment provides funds for public service announcements and other information to reduce violence in our schools. Six-year-olds do not go out and buy guns, not in the ordinary course of events. The guns are left lying around the house.  I read some about this child's situation in Mount Morris, MI. It is clear this child lived in a terrible situation, exposed to things with which no adult could cope. This tiny little boy, for whatever reason, faced the life of a dysfunctional family, of drugs, God knows what kind of abuse, and exposure to guns on a regular basis. But that is not the only way kids come by guns. Kids come by guns when parents are neglectful, when they are negligent, when they do not meet their obligation to store guns safely.  The President, after this situation in Michigan, renewed his call for a national standard for trigger locks to make sure if a child gets his hands on a handgun he can't shoot it and kill someone, some other innocent victim or himself. But we can't do that in Congress. That is beyond us. The gun lobby will not stand for it.  The idea of putting safety devices on guns is something the National Rifle Association will not buy. So let us at least try, through our schools, to create public information and education efforts so families across America at least know that there is a right way to store guns safely, out of the hands and out of the reach of children.  We passed legislation last year, when Vice President Gore came to the floor of the Senate and broke a tie, which dealt with some of the problems we have in our country involving guns: for background checks at gun shows, the amendment of Senator Feinstein of California to reduce the importation of these high-capacity magazine clips from overseas into the United States, things that move us down the road toward protecting Americans from the abuse of guns. Trigger locks: Senator Kohl of Wisconsin has been a leader on that as well.  What happened to this legislation? Dead on arrival in the House of Representatives. There has not even been a conference committee on this bill. Yet day in and day out we read these terrible headlines.  I looked in the face of this little girl, Kayla Rolland, and saw so many thousands of little kids I have seen across my State of Illinois, kids I have seen in the day-care classes with my 3 1/2-year-old grandson. This beautiful little girl is no longer with us because of someone who was negligent in handling a gun and because of a 6-year-old who took a gun to school.  There are so many who do this across America on a regular basis that we have to come to grips with this challenging national situation. I urge my colleagues, whatever their opinion of gun control, to at least, at the very least, join me in this effort to create a program so schools across America, on their own, with a voluntary application, can receive assistance from the Federal Government to deal with this gun violence. I believe this is a step in the right direction. I believe it will give to many schools the resources they need to educate the children and the parents and all who will listen to the public service announcements about the reality of reducing gun violence in our schools.  I pray to God this is the last story we will read in the year 2000 of another infant, another child who lost her little life because of this kind of gun violence, because of the negligence of a gun owner or someone who possessed a gun so a child could come in contact with it.  History tells me it will not be the only story of the year. It will be one of many.  To those parents who think it is not their problem, I am sorry to report it is. If you do not have a firearm in your house, can you ever be sure your little child's playmate does not have a firearm in his house? Can you ever be certain the child sitting behind your son or daughter at school does not have a handgun in his backpack?  That is the reality of America today. That is the national gun crisis we face. There have been a lot of suggestions about improving education in America. This bill suggests one of the ways to do it is to save families on average $7 in this tax benefit package if they will send their children to public schools. Before we start saving less than $10 when it comes to education, let's talk about saving the lives of our priceless children in our schools.  