President, I thank the Senator for his presentation this morning and his leadership throughout his career in the Senate on issues of education. There is no Senator on the floor who can hold a candle to Senator Kennedy when it comes to issues of education. He not only understands them in a better way than most of us, but he is more articulate, forceful, and committed than any Member of the Senate. It is a pleasure to join him in this debate this morning.  I think he has very convincingly laid out the case of the difference between the two parties. Our Republican friends on the opposite side of the aisle have a different view of education than Democrats do. There have been those on the Republican side who have called for abolishing the Department of Education in Washington. There have been those, as well, who have suggested that if the Federal Government has a role, it should be in supporting private schools with the so-called voucher system.  There have been those who have opposed suggestions from the President and others that if the Federal Government is to have a role, albeit a small role, it should be focused on things that are so important for every school district across America, whether it is modernizing our school buildings so the kids who presently are enrolled have an opportunity and access to the best technology to prepare them for the future, whether it means teacher training so the teachers we respect so much today can continue to develop their skills, so the children coming in the classroom really are, in many cases, taught by teachers who understand the new technology as well or better than the children.  There is a standing joke in my office that if you can't understand how the computer works, look for a teenager. I think most of us understand that young people because they have been raised in this culture and have no fear of this machinery, many times eclipse the skills and talents of even the teachers in the classroom.  Democrats believe on focusing some money on teacher training. A better trained teacher is going to do a better job in the classroom. Of course, the reduction of class size is part of this as well. I have seen school districts in my home State of Illinois and the city of Chicago, in a more Republican area in general, Du Page County, a wealthier area, where teachers tell me, with a smaller class size they can pick out the kids who need special help and make sure they keep up with the class. They can also identify the gifted kids and give them better and tougher assignments so they can improve, too. Theseare the issues on which Democrats have said time and again we should focus.  Our colleague, Senator Dodd from Connecticut, has joined us. I am happy he is here because he has a very critical amendment. Where Senator Coverdell's bill suggests we will focus half of the assistance in this new program on private schools where only 10 percent of our kids attend school and where he has said the vast majority of the resources in his bill will go to the wealthiest families in our country, those in the upper 20 percent, Senator Dodd comes in with a much more practical and grounded alternative.  I will leave it to the Senator to explain it in detail, the idea that we would provide school districts across America, rich and poor, wherever they are located, assistance in helping to educate kids with special needs. Meet with any school board member, any school superintendent, or many teachers for that matter, and ask them about the challenges of today. They will tell you that kids with special needs, disabled kids, need special attention so they can develop their highest potential. It costs money to do it. It takes extra resources. We have made the commitment in theory. What Senator Dodd suggests is we should put our money where our commitment is and say to these school districts that we will help you with these kids. We believe it is worth the investment.  At this point I see Senator Dodd is on the floor and prepared to discuss his amendment. I am happy to yield to my colleague from the State of Connecticut.  