 I also want to tell you that I think this issue is an important national issue in this Presidential campaign because I think what you hear from two candidates is a clear difference when it comes to dealing with sensible gun laws and gun safety.  Vice President Gore came to the Senate floor casting the deciding vote on the gun safety bill, which I mentioned earlier. He has supported it publicly. He has spoken in favor of it. I believe it is fair to say he has supported the Brady law, he has supported the assault weapon ban, and he has supported efforts to have a waiting period so people do not in a high state of emotion go out and buy a gun and harm themselves or others. That is a matter of record. That is his position.  On the other side, the Governor of Texas, George W. Bush, has a much different record. In his State, he signed into law a concealed weapon law which allows people to carry guns into churches and synagogues.  There are people who believe we will be a safer nation if everybody carries a gun. I am not one of them. I happen to believe we are not a safer nation when the couple is arguing across the restaurant and you have to wonder whether or not someone is going to reach into their pocket or purse and pull out a gun.  I don't happen to believe we are a safer nation whenever a policeman who pulls a car over is doubly worried and concerned that that speeder may have a gun in the glove compartment instead of the registration they are apparently going after.  I don't believe we are a safer nation when people are carrying guns to public events, such as high school football games, or are taking them into churches. I don't believe that makes America safer.  Governor Bush signed a law in Texas so people would have a right in the State of Texas to carry guns around. That is his image of a safer America; it is not mine. I am glad my State of Illinois has not passed such a law, and I hope we never do.  In addition, it appears that one of the problems the Republican Party has with our gun safety bill is that we require background checks at gun shows. Which State has more gun shows than any other State in the Nation? The State of Texas. The provision in the law--the loophole in the Brady law--which said you don't do a background check at a gun show was put in by a Democratic Texas Congressman. It is an important industry, I take it, in the State of Texas to preserve these gun laws. It may be the reason Governor Bush will not come out and support the gun safety law which passed in the Senate with Vice President Gore's tie-breaking vote.  Finally, the day before the Million Mom March weekend, Governor Bush came on television and said: I tell you what we are going to do in Texas. We are going to make a lot of trigger locks available. We are going to buy a lot of them and give them away.  I am glad he is doing it. I think it is a nice thing to do. It is certainly not a comprehensive attitude toward dealing with gun violence. I would like to see more communities and States do that. But certainly I would like to see Senator Kohl's amendment which requires a trigger lock with every gun as part of a law of the land, so that when you buy a handgun, it has a trigger lock and it has a child safety device. A once-in-a-lifetime or once-in-a-decade effort by a Governor in any State won't make any difference unless it is in a comprehensive approach,  as Senator Kohl has suggested.  It is interesting to note that when the Republican leadership is asked why they have failed in over 8 months to bring this gun safety legislation to the floor, they in the majority and in control of the House and Senate say it is the Democrats' fault. That is a little hard to understand. In fact, it is impossible to believe.  I have been appointed to conference committees in the Senate in name only where my name will be read by the President and only the conference committee of Republicans goes off and meets, adopts a conference committee report, signs it, and sends it back to the floor without even inviting me to attend a session. The Republican leadership majority could do that at any moment in time. To suggest that somehow the Democrats are stopping them from bringing a gun safety bill out of committee and to the floor just defies common sense. They are in control. They have to accept responsibility for their actions.  Senator Orrin Hatch, a Republican of Utah, is the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. He is the head conferee on the Senate side for the Republicans on this conference on gun safety. My colleague from the State of Illinois, Congressman Henry Hyde, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, shares that responsibility with him. And the two of them have a majority of votes in this conference committee. If they wanted to bring a gun safety bill forward, there is nothing the Democrats could do to stop them from doing such. Yet they haven't done it. Eight months have passed, and more people have been shot and killed.  Stories come out suggesting to us there is much more to it. Unless and until Governor Bush decides this is an important issue in his Presidential campaign, unless and until Governor Bush decides he is for gun safety, that bill is going to stay in that conference committee. That is a simple political fact of life.  The Republicans on Capitol Hill don't want to embarrass their candidate for President by bringing out a bill he opposes. So the bill sits in this conference committee. And 750,000 mothers across America rallied in 65 different cities saying to Members of Congress, Members of the House and the Senate: For goodness' sake, can you put party aside for a moment and think about the safety of our children in schools? Can you put party aside for a moment and think about the safety of our neighborhoods so that we believe kids can stand at the bus stop without worrying about a gang banger coming by and spraying bullets? Can you put partisanship aside and decide that we can all agree we want to have background checks at gun shows, and trigger locks on handguns, and these huge ammo clips kept out of the country? Isn't it time Congress came together and agreed onthose basic simple things? The fact of the matter is, we have not, and apparently under this leadership we cannot.  The National Rifle Association is boasting that their membership is higher than ever. They love this, they say, because the more attention to this issue, the more people sign up for the National Rifle Association. More power to them. But I will tell you that if I had to put my political future with a group, it would be with the mothers who are marching and not with Wayne LaPierre and Charlton Heston. They represent the real feelings of families across America who understand that gun safety is important and that it includes not just the passage of laws to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and kids, but it also includes enforcement and it also includes education. All of it comes together.  The folks who listen to the NRA and believe them think that you stop once you talk about education and enforcement--that there is no reason to go beyond it. Yet we know better. We know those kids at Columbine High School got their guns from a gun show by a straw purchaser. We know it could have been more difficult if we had passed a law in the Senate and if it had been signed by President Clinton.  We know that some of those lives might have been saved. Sadly, that didn't occur.  Now we are faced with the reality of a legislative session that is moving to the spending bills. It appears that the Republican leadership is not going to have its own agenda it wants passed but instead will move to appropriations bills, and in so doing, give us a chance, at least with sense-of-the-Senate resolutions, to continue to remind the Members of the Senate and people across America that we have not done anything to make this a safer nation when it comes to guns.  I understand, I think, the feelings of some gun owners. They feel put upon, that all this debate somehow involves them. Some of them have what I think is a naive, if not a wrong, point of view that they should not be inconvenienced in the ownership of their guns.  Let me suggest that we inconvenience a lot of people for a lot of good reasons in America. I was inconvenienced this morning when I went through the airport. I had to go through a metal detector. It is an inconvenience. I expect, because I want to sit on the plane with peace of mind, to know that every effort has been made to keep those who would create some terrorist environment off the plane. I am inconvenienced when I drive my car by the rules of the road of Illinois--thank goodness for the inconveniences--which require brakes on my car and require me to stay on the right-hand side of the road and abide by the speed limit. It is an inconvenience I accept because I want to bring my family home safely.  I think most gun owners are prepared to accept some inconvenience in life if they know it means they can continue to use their guns legally and safely. In my home State of Illinois, it is a firearms identification card; you have to apply to the Illinois State Police. They do a background check on you. They give you a little card. You can't buy a gun or ammunition in Illinois without that card with your picture on it.  I don't own a gun, but I applied for one of these cards. I wanted to know how tough it was. It wasn't too tough: Fill out a questionnaire, give them a little photo, they do a background check, send me my card, and I send them a few bucks every year to renew it. That is a device that could be used on a national basis. It has been an inconvenience for the gun owners of Illinois for 40 years now but not such a serious inconvenience that they cannot go out and enjoy sports that involve guns.  We are talking about minor inconveniences with major dividends for America. Background checks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and fugitives and stalkers and kids so we don't have the sad situations that I recounted earlier in the schools and other places across America, these are things of common sense. These are things which, frankly, both parties should agree.  It is interesting to note that the Republican substitute to our amendment commending the Million Mom March spends a full page or so blasting the Clinton administration for the inadequate prosecution for gun crimes. As I read earlier, the statistics don't back up some of the claims they have made. Instead of commending the million moms who stood up saying, ``Make America safer,'' the Republicans have replied by blasting the first family. That is their idea--go after President Clinton; don't stand up for the families across America who came  together last Sunday.  Then they say they want a juvenile crime conference committee report that has a lot more than guns in it. Quite frankly, there are some things they want with which I can agree. It is interesting they don't call for the gun safety amendments which were adopted by the Senate. Of course, they close by repeating their belief that it is a right of each law-abiding citizen to own a firearm for any legitimate purpose, including self-defense or recreation, and that should not be infringed. I don't think it is an infringement to put a basic requirement to try to keep guns in the hands of those who will use them safely, rather than those who would misuse them.  I thank my colleague from the State of California for her leadership on this particular debate. I was happy to join her this evening. I look forward to joining her tomorrow when at least we will have a sense-of-the-Senate resolution and an opportunity for a vote as to whether or not we should finally tell this conference committee to get down to business.  