President, it is my sad duty to report to the Senate and to the Congress that I learned a few moments ago that one of the greatest servants of the American people in the Congress in the 20th century passed away last night.  Sidney Yates was a Congressman from the city of Chicago who was elected in 1948 and served until 1999, with only 2 years that he wasn't in service. His was an amazing story. I guess it was a great story of America. His mother and father were Russian immigrants who came to this country in the beginning of the last century. He grew up in the city of Chicago and went to law school. Before that, he distinguished himself, as hard as it may be to understand today, in athletics. He was a semi-pro basketball player and was a member of a Big Ten basketball team when he was a student at the University of Chicago. His semi-pro basketball team was called the Lifschultz Fast Freighters. I used to joke with him about this trucking company and the fact that he was the basketball star for them in the city of Chicago.  On an impulse, in 1948, he decided to run for Congress. It didn't look like a very good year. Tom Dewey was supposed to be elected President, and this young man who had never run for office before was going to try to be elected to the House of Representatives. People didn't give him much of a chance, and his style of campaigning was in sharp contrast with what we do today. I asked him how he ran for office in 1948. He said he had a buddy whoplayed a guitar and they went from one ward meeting to the next singing ethnic folk songs for the groups there. If there was a German group, he sang in German. If it was a group of his fellow Jewish Americans, he sang something they would find appealing.  There was a young lady watching that campaign by the name of Mary Bain. She had volunteered to work on the Truman campaign. She saw this young man in 1948 wandering around Chicago running for Congress and, frankly, took pity on him and said, ``I am going to try to help this fellow.'' To everyone's surprise, he won in 1948 and came to the House of Representatives; he began a long term of service there. His term of service included many years on the House Appropriations Committee. He was a stalwart, a fighter, a person of real value and principle.  In 1962, Sid Yates was persuaded to leave the House of Representatives and run for the Senate. He ran against Everett M. Dirksen--no small task even in 1962. He lost that race, which was the only loss in his political life. In 1964, he returned to the House of Representatives and once again took up service on the House Appropriations Committee.  I was elected many years later, in 1982, and a couple years after that began to serve on that same Appropriations Committee. Probably the best fortune I had as a Member of Congress was when I decided to take a chair next to Sid Yates in the Appropriations Committee and sit next to this great man for more than a decade. I learned so much and had such a great time in that experience because of who Sid Yates was and what he stood for.  When you look back at Sid's career, there were several things that really made a difference to him, meant a lot to him, and made a difference in this country. He had a passionate commitment to the arts. You know, that gets to be controversial from time to time. The National Endowment for the Arts is occasionally a whipping boy here on Capitol Hill. But Sid Yates never faltered. He believed in the arts. He was a man of the arts. I used to love to listen to him quote the classics from memory. His knowledge of art and music was absolutely legendary.  When Sid retired from the House of Representatives, the tributes came pouring in, but particularly from people around the United States who understood that Sid Yates stood up and defended the arts in America when nobody else would. My daughter is an art student at the Art Institute of Chicago. She knew of Sid Yates. She never met him personally, but she knew what he stood for. He was always there fighting for the National Endowment for the Arts and for arts in America.  As chairman of the Interior Subcommittee of Appropriations, he also had the responsibility to protect America's national parks and many of our national treasures. He protected them with a vengeance. I can recall some of the titanic struggles in the Appropriations Committee when people would want to exploit America's national treasures. They didn't have a chance when they fought Sid Yates.  There were so many other areas where he worked so hard. I recall the creation of the Holocaust Museum. Sid was devoted to the nation of Israel. So many people across America looked to him, and so many Members of Congress looked to him for guidance on important issues involving the Middle East. When he was asked to be part of the creation of the Holocaust Museum, you just knew it would be a success, as it has been here in Washington, DC. He was one of the founding members on the board of directors there and a person absolutely revered for his commitment in that regard.  Through it all, too, he was committed to the rights and freedoms of Americans. I know it wasn't always popular, but you could count on him to stand up, in good times and in bad, for the freedoms that were guaranteed under the Bill of Rights. Sid Yates was a great man, and he had a great partner in life in his wife Addie, who was always by his side during his public service.  I once asked him what his greatest achievement was in the Congress, and I was surprised that he said: Well, you would not think of it when you think of me as a Democrat, but back in the 1950s, the atomic submarine program was being debated in America, and a fellow by the name of Hyman Rickover was being criticized on Capitol Hill. I came to his defense because I thought he was a good man and had a good program. I am proudest of that moment.  I never would have guessed that, but that was just part of Sid's career. For over 50 years, Sid Yates was fighting for America, fighting for Chicago. He left his mark on the Chicago shoreline and the museums and institutions of that great city. But most of all, he left his mark in our hearts--those of us who had the good fortune of serving with him, learning from him, and standing today in tribute to his great memory.  