President, yesterday, the President of the United States announced his budget message, which is also the last budget message of the Clinton administration. When you consider the history of this administration, beginning with deep deficits, and we are now at a point in our history where we have had the longest economic expansion in the history of the United States, it is an entirely different budget message.  I still recall when only a few years ago one of our colleagues, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Orrin Hatch, came to the floor to say to the assembled Senators that we had reached such a desperate point in American history that we had to amend the Constitution of the United States to put in place what was known as the balanced budget amendment, so that Federal courts would have the authority to stop Congress from spending. It was a desperate move, supported by Democrats and Republicans alike. We had so many years of red ink and so many deficits that many people thought there was no way it was going to get better, short of creating a new constitutional force--the force of the Federal judiciary--to stop the Congress from spending and to require the kind of fiscal discipline for which American families were asking.  What a difference 3 years later. We have debated, over the last year or so, what we are going to do with the surplus, not with the deficit. We are no longer walking around in sack cloth and ashes through the Halls of Congress saying another torrent of red ink is about to hit us. We are talking about an economy that continues to grow, with employment growing--unemployment, I think, last year was the lowest in 30 years in our Nation. People are buying businesses, building homes, and inflation is being held in check. It is a great period in our history for most families across the Nation. The President's budget message now says to us, since we have turned that corner, since we are no longer talking about deep deficits but, rather, a different era in Government spending, as well as our economy, let us look at it in a more positive fashion.  I want to submit for the Record the following:  In 1992, the deficit was a record $290 billion. The Congressional Budget Office projected that it would grow to $455 billion by this year. Instead of a $455 billion deficit, we have a projected $167 billion surplus--the third surplus in a row. Almost from the moment we started our debate on the balanced budget amendment, we started generating surpluses in this Government. Those who said we had to amend the Constitution clearly--if they look back--now understand that it wasn't necessary. This represents $622 billion less savings, drained by the Government in 1 year alone. So rather than having a deficit of $455 billion, borrowing from the American people, as well as foreign sources, to pay it off, we have the surplus.  We also have something that I don't think anyone would have ever imagined. We have had the largest paydown of debt in the history of the United States--$297 billion. In 1998 and 1999, the debt held by the public was reduced by $140 billion. It is projected that the Government will pay down an additional $157 billion in debt held by the public this year.  What does that mean? In taxes, each day we collect $1 billion from individuals, families, and businesses. That billion dollars is collected not to provide for any new educational opportunities or health care but to pay interest on the debt of the Government. About half of that is the publicly owned debt. Think of it--$1 billion in taxes is collected every day to pay interest on old debt. So as we pay down this debt, which we are currently doing, we are reducing the need for this money to be collected from families and businesses to pay down interest. This will bring the total debt paydown to $297 billion. It is the largest 3-year debt paydown in American history.  In contrast, under the two previous Presidents, the debt held by the public quadrupled--400 percent and more. Under this President, we are seeing the debt coming down. And we are seeing the smallest Government in over three decades. Government spending has declined from 22.2 percent of the economy in 1992 to 18.7 percent of the economy in 1999--the lowest share in 33 years.  If you take any rational measurement and look at the size of our economy and the percentage we spend on the Government, it has come down dramatically under the Clinton administration. To a great extent, that accounts for the savings about which we are talking. At the same time, the Government has made important investments, including nearly doubling investments in education and training.  