President, before I address the issue that I would like to speak to this evening, I would first like to acknowledge a press conference which was held today, and one which I believe could have some significance across the United States. It was a press conference here on the lawn of the U.S. Capitol. In attendance were Senators Bill Frist of Tennessee and Senator DeWine of Ohio--both Republican Senators--as well as my Democratic colleague, Senator Carl Levin and I.  What would bring together two Democrats and two Republicans in rare agreement here in the close of a session? It is an issue which, frankly, transcends party and transcends region. It is the issue of organ donation in America.  Mr. President, 72,000 of our friends and neighbors are sitting by a telephone across America at this very moment waiting for the phone to ring to be told that there is an organ available to be donated to them which could save their lives--72,000. In my home State of Illinois, there are 4,500 such people. Sadly, 300 of them will die before they receive the phone call that an organ is available.  So last year I joined with Senators Frist, DeWine, Levin, and Kennedy, and half a dozen other Senators from both sides of the aisle, to try to address this on a national basis. We came up with the concept that this Thanksgiving in the year 2000 will be designated ``Give Thanks, Give Life Week,'' where we will try to alert families across America, as they come together for Thanksgiving, that they should take a few moments of time in that festivity and just perhaps talk to one another privately about their feelings about organ donation.  We were lucky to have the endorsement of this effort by the National Football League. At 17 different NFL games on Thanksgiving Week, they will have ``Give Thanks, Give Life'' activities.  Today, we had at this gathering on the Capitol lawn, Connie Payton, who is the widow of the great Chicago Bear running back Walter Payton. Of course, he died in November of last year from liver disease. He might have been saved by a liver transplant. She has really dedicated her life since trying to work for children and for organ donation in his memory.  Connie is a wonderful lady who has been on television in public service spots across Illinois with our Secretary of State, Jesse White, for the past 6 or 7 months. She really is well respected for her efforts.  Joining her were representatives of the National Football League from the Washington Redskins and from the Tennessee Titans. It is going to be a great opportunity across America to use what is a great family get-together to remember the very basic: If you want to give thanks, you can give life with an organ donation.  So I hope a lot of my colleagues in the other NFL cities will be part of this and will participate. In Chicago, we are going to set up tables in Soldier Field for those who want organ donation cards and to encourage people to sign their driver's licenses. At half time we are going to bring out a bunch of kids and older folks who successfully received organ transplants.  At this meeting, we had Jon Hochstein, a 5-year-old boy from Virginia. He had a heart transplant a year and a half ago, and he looks like he will play in the NFL some day.  It is a great miracle, but it can't happen without organ donors. Those of us who made that commitment, and have made it known to our families, stand at least the possibility to bring a lot of joy to families.  