 I am not one who is in favor of abolishing the second amendment, nor, I am sure, is the Senator from Michigan. What we are attempting to do in this bill is address a very serious problem. For those who believe the second amendment is somehow an absolute right to bear arms, I will just tell them, there are no absolute rights under the Constitution of the United States. Each and every right that is guaranteed to us as individual citizens can be limited. Whether it is the rightof free expression limited by the libel laws or even the right to life limited by death penalties that are imposed in many States, all of these things suggest that no right is absolute, and certainly the right to bear arms is not either.  We have had regulations throughout our modern history that have limited the rights of those who care to bear arms in the interest of the public good. That is what this amendment is all about.  Why are we debating guns on a bankruptcy bill? It gets down to the very basics. The bankruptcy law is designed so a person who has reached an economic position in life where they can't see a good future can go to the court and ask for relief from their debts, whether that is an individual or a family or a business. We say, for almost two centuries in this country, that bankruptcy is a right of individuals under our Federal court system. Again, we make exceptions and say that some people who come to court will be limited in the types of debts they can discharge.  We make a list, a pretty lengthy list, of some 17 or 18 exceptions. They include such things as debts incurred by fraud that can't be discharged in bankruptcy court, alimony and child support, student loans, debts from death or personal injury resulting from driving while intoxicated, court fees. There are several others. It suggests that when the Congress wrote the bankruptcy laws and continued to amend them, we said there are certain things in a bankruptcy court from which you cannot escape. If you have been guilty of certain conduct, if you have not met certain obligations, the bankruptcy court will not be your shield or your shelter.  What the Senator from Michigan is doing with his amendment is saying that the gun industry, the gun manufacturers, if they have engaged--and I will quote directly from the amendment--if they have engaged in fraud, recklessness, misrepresentation, nuisance, or product liability, they cannot race to the bankruptcy court and escape their responsibility to the American people. It is just that straightforward.  Those who are arguing that we should carve out some special exception for these gun manufacturers are the same people who are loath to regulate these businesses in the first place.  Several firearm manufacturers have recently been sued in cases that have been brought by cities and municipalities and counties and other local governments that have, frankly, been victimized by gun crimes. These people, in their lawsuits, are alleging that the gun manufacturers have been guilty of misconduct beyond selling the gun, that they have been involved in marketing practices, for example, that end up putting guns in the hands of those who commit crimes. Those lawsuits are still pending, but the interesting response from the gun manufacturers is: So what, sue us if you want to. Ultimately, if you win your verdict, we will go to bankruptcy court, and we are going to escape any liability to the citizens of these cities and counties and States which are bringing these lawsuits.  Two companies have already sought bankruptcy protection: Lorcin Engineering and Davis Industries. The Lorcin .380 pistol tops the list of all guns traced by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms for its involvement in crime. By virtue of the bankruptcy law, these manufacturers are able to make millions of dollars flooding the market with low-quality firearms of little appeal to legitimate sportsmen and hunters but of great appeal to criminals and gang bangers.  Once these companies are sued, because they are flooding the market with these cheap Saturday night specials, they simply declare bankruptcy and walk away free from any financial responsibility for their misconduct. The owners of these companies remain free to start up a new company under a new name making the same weapons, wreaking havoc across America because they are flooding us with these guns.  Lorcin officials stated to Firearms Business, a magazine that is published by the gun industry, that the company chose to ``take advantage of the system'' when it decided it couldn't defend against liability claims. What Senator Levin is doing--and I am happy to join him--is to say to Lorcin and other companies: Not so fast. If you are going to flood the markets of America with these cheap Saturday night specials, if you are going to be liable for increasing crime and increasing violence in America, you cannot use the Federal law as your shield or shelter when it comes to our bankruptcy court. I think Senator Levin is on the right track.  For those who would argue, as I have already heard on the floor, we already have too many laws when it comes to guns, they are just not enforced, let me be quick to add that when it comes to standards for the manufacture of firearms in this country, we virtually have no laws whatsoever. The Consumer Product Safety Commission has the responsibility of regulating virtually every product for household or recreational use. In fact, the toy guns sold for Christmas and birthday gifts are subject to regulation by the Consumer Product Safety Commission. But the real guns, the Saturday night specials and the firearms that could be the subject of these lawsuits, are not subject to any Federal safety regulations at all. The gun industry, by its power in Washington, has successfully lobbied to keep a law in place that protects them from any regulation on the safety of their product.  So for those who are supporting the gun industry, they want it both ways. They don't want the Government to impose any standard on the product that is sold, and they don't want the companies held liable if that product turns out to be dangerous, if that firearm leads to crime and violence and death across America.  Senator Levin has said if these manufacturers come to court and they are found guilty of recklessness, fraud, misrepresentation, nuisance, or product liability, they cannot escape that liability because of the bankruptcy law.  How important is it to America? It is important because the costs of gun violence in both human lives and health care continue to escalate. All those who argue that the laws Congress has contemplated in the past are somehow restricting gun ownership in this country cannot answer the most basic question: If gun ownership is so restrictive in this country, how do we happen to have over 200 million firearms already in a nation of 275 million people?  The fact is, these guns are readily available, and on the average almost 90 people are killed, including 12 children, every day because of the proliferation of firearms and the fact that they get into the wrong hands. Gun manufacturers understand that they are finally going to be held accountable. These lawsuits are going to accomplish what legislatures across the Nation and this Congress have failed to face; that is, the fact that American families are fed up with this gun violence. They expect Members of the Senate and the House to come forward with reasonable suggestions to make their neighborhoods safe and take guns out of the hands of those who would misuse them and out of the hands of children.  Senator Levin has a valuable amendment here. He is saying to these companies: You will be held responsible. Even if this Congress cannot muster the courage to regulate the safety of a firearm that is sold in the United States, we will not let these manufacturers escape their liability in a court of law. Cities around the country--Chicago, New York, New Orleans, Atlanta, Bridgeport--have initiated suits against the industry to try to force changes to make guns safer and less likely to end up in the hands of criminals. Certainly, automobile manufacturers have faced a spate of lawsuits that really challenge them to use the most modern technology to make our cars safe.  Why are we not holding this industry to the same standard of responsibility? And why, if they are found guilty of fraud or recklessness in the products they sell, should they be able to get off the hook in a bankruptcy court? That is the gist of the Levin amendment--to hold these companies accountable. To say there are no privileged classes--if you engage in this conduct, you will be held as responsible as any other company or person for their wrongdoing.  The gun industry has long placed profits above the safety of America. I think it is interesting that an industry that can cause politicians to cower before them are scared to death to face ajury in a courtroom in our country. I strongly support Senator Levin's amendment. By adopting it, we will further the goal of reducing abuses of the bankruptcy system. Remember, that is why this debate is underway. We are considering bankruptcy reform because many came to us and said that folks are abusing the bankruptcy system. Don't let the gun manufacturers abuse the bankruptcy system. Make certain that they are held accountable for the wrongdoing and the violence and death that results from their recklessness and fraud and the negligent use of their products. We should be on record as opposing bankruptcy abuse, whether it is the result of individual misconduct or the misconduct of gun manufacturers.  I yield the balance of my time.  