President, I join my colleague, the Senator from Utah, Mr. Hatch, in offering this amendment for consideration by the Senate.  This is an amendment which will provide $2 million more for the processing of approvals of generic drugs.  We are all familiar with the issue of prescription drug prices. We certainly understand that Congress should do as much as possible to help reduce the high cost of these prescription drugs, particularly for the elderly and disabled.  One of the things we are doing with this bipartisan amendment is providing more money to the Food and Drug Administration for generic drug approvals. The high prices of drugs can be significantly reduced by putting more generic drugs on the market. Generic drugs typically enter the market 25 to 30 percent below the cost of brand name drugs and within 2 years are 60 to 70 percent cheaper than brand name drugs. Increasing the development of safe and effective generic drugs, is good for American consumers.  Key to increasing access to such drugs, is making sure that the approval process is as efficient as possible. This chart illustrates the number of applications pending more than 180 days before the Food and Drug Administration for generic drugs. As we can see, the numbers have continued to increase. This is because the numbers that the Food and Drug Administration is being asked to approve has increased over the past few years.  In fact, the median approval time for generics has steadily decreased from 19.6 months in 1997 to a little over 18 months in 1998 and 17.3 months in 1999. But under the present budget, according to the Food and Drug Administration, they are estimated to go up again in 2000 and 2001, and we are going to see a slowdown in the approval of generics.  Senator Hatch and I have offered this amendment to provide $2 million to the Office of Generic Drugs. It is on top of the increase which the bill already puts in place of $1.2 million. This money will allow them to hire the professional people to approve the drugs, to put the computers and technology in place so that they can move forward with new ways to assess the drugs on a more timely basis, and to make certain that these drugs are available for American consumers as quickly as possible.  Very soon some of the blockbuster patent drugs are going to come off patent. Let me give some examples: Mevacor for high cholesterol, Vasotec and Zestril for high blood pressure, Glucophage for diabetics, Accutane for cystic acne, Lovenox to prevent blood clotting and Prilosec for those with stomach acid, heartburn or ulcers. These brand name drugs have sales of billions of dollars. Prilosec alone has sales of over $2.8 billion annually. Together, these drugs represented over $8 billion in sales in 1997. This year, their sales are certainly far more than this.  If we want to make certain these drugs move from brand name to generic so consumers across America can afford them, then the investment in the Food and Drug Administration which Senator Hatch and I propose is money well spent. I am happy to join Senator Hatch in this effort. I hope the Senate will approve this amendment and make it part of this appropriation bill.  