President, those who have followed the proceedings of the Senate over the last 2 weeks understand we have been debating changes in the Tax Code. The two changes we have focused on are changes in the estate tax and changes in what is known as the marriage penalty. These are two very interesting proposals that have been before the Senate but they really tell the story about the priorities of the Senate when it comes to dealing with the economy and helping families across America.  The estate tax, which we have considered and passed in a version last week to ultimately repeal it, is a tax which affects a very small percentage of Americans. In fact, fewer than 2 percent of American families will pay the estate tax. Those who end up paying it are the wealthiest people in America.  It is curious to me that when we established our list of priorities in this Congress as to tax relief, the first people in line were the wealthiest people in America. That is not to say we should not consider tax relief that involves them, but I think everyone understands that average families, smaller businesses, and family farms have priorities, too, when it comes to tax relief.  Take a look at what the Republican proposals under the estate tax, as well as the so-called marriage penalty tax, would do in terms of the people in America and their income groups.  For the 20 percent of American families lowest in income, the Republican proposals, two of them--the estate tax as well as the marriage penalty--result in tax breaks of $24 a year. Then, as you start moving up in income, you see that not until you get up to the level of the next 15 percent here, of the top wage earners in America, do you find people even seeing a tax break of about $900 a year--about $75 or $80 a month.  Now look at what happens when you go to the top 1 percent of wage earners in America, the wealthiest people in America: $23,000 in tax breaks coming from this Republican-led Senate under these two bills, estate tax reform and marriage penalty.  So if you happen to be in a working family, down here, you are not going to notice what has been going on in the Senate because, frankly, the tax relief they are sending your way hardly pays for a magazine. But look what happens at the highest income levels: $24 for the lowest wage earners, the people struggling to survive in America; $23,000 for the wealthiest people in this country. Time and time and time again, the Republican leadership, given a chance to deal with tax equity in America, decides the best thing that can be done is to give to the wealthiest Americans more tax breaks.  This tells the story as well. I will not go through it in all detail, but the top 1 percent of wage earners in this country, people making over $300,000 a year--those folks are going to see a tax break of $23,000; 43 percent of all the tax relief coming in these two Republican bills goes to people making over $300,000 a year.  There are people who will say perhaps they need it. I am not one of them. Frankly, I can tell you who needs it, as far as I am concerned. A working family trying to figure out how they are going to pay for their kid's college education expenses, those are the folks who need a tax break. When we put on the floor a measure sponsored by my seatmate here, Senator Charles Schumer of New York, to allow people to deduct $12,000 a year in college education expenses instead of giving tax breaks to the wealthy, it was rejected by the Republican majority. A $12,000 deduction for college education expenses was rejected while we give a $23,000-a-year tax break to the wealthiest among us.  Then Senator Dodd of Connecticut, who has been a leader in child care, stood up and said we have a lot of people going to work in America every day worried about the safety and quality of child care; let's give them a tax break so they can pay for good, professional, safe child care and have peace of mind while at work that their kids are in good hands. It was rejected by the Republican majority. The idea of helping working families take care of their kids was rejected.  Then Senator Kennedy and others offered a prescription drug benefit for seniors and the disabled under Medicare, struggling to pay for their drug bills. We said we think that is a higher priority than a $23,000 tax break for the wealthiest people in America. The Republican majority said no, it is not a higher priority; it is a much higher priority to keep in the front of the line at all times the wealthiest people in America. That is what this debate is all about.  The question is, Whom do we stand for? Do we stand for working families in this country or do we stand for the financially articulate who, frankly, lord over this political process with their representatives who come in expensive suits, well dressed, standing in the corridors here saying we have to help the wealthy of America.  For good Heaven's sake, for the last 8 years this economy has been on such a roll, the wealthiest in America have done very, very well. I don't begrudge them that. But when we talk about helping people in this country, why don't we remember the folks who get up and go to work every single day, who worry about their kids' education expenses, who are concerned about day care where they can leave their kids safely, who want to make certain their parents can afford the prescription drugs they need to stay healthy?  That is not a priority among the Republican leadership here. They don't want to talk about it. They want to go to their convention in Philadelphia in 2 weeks and talk about how they have worked so hard for tax cuts and President Clinton and the Democrats have stopped them. Don't forget to ask them the question, Who are the winners under your tax cuts? The winners are those who turn out always to win when the Republicans are in control. The wealthiest win again and again in America.  I see Senator Harkin. Senator Harkin came in with his own proposal, trying to help those concerned about tax equity. I am happy to yield to him at this point.  