President, I thank my colleague from California. Every day in America, 13 mothers receive a phone call or a knock on the door, a word from a neighbor, and their lives are changed. Every day in America, 13 mothers learn that one of their children has been killed by a gun. Every day in America, 13 mothers have a pain in their heart that will be there for a lifetime.  This last Sunday, I went to Chicago, IL, on the banks of Lake Michigan. Our Million Mom March chapter came together, and thousands of people came out. They were inspired, of course, by the fact that it was Mother's Day and that we were addressing this issue because it is a family issue, and especially an issue that mothers take to heart because mothers, by their nature, protect their children. They came forward on the banks of Lake Michigan in Chicago and here on The Mall in Washington, DC, and in Los Angeles, and in cities across America, to say: Let us protect our children; protect our children from the gun criminals who menace our neighborhoods, our communities and our schools; protect our children from the gang bangers who spray these bullets from semiautomatic and automatic weapons across playgrounds, day care centers, and bus stops; protect our children from careless gun owners who insist on their constitutional right to own a gun but will not accept their moral responsibility to store it safely away from children; protect our children from a gun lobby in this town that has made a mockery of democracy, which owns this Chamber and owns the House of Representatives, which stops us in our tracks; protect our children from the indifference of millions of American families who know what I say is true but who didn't come to the march, who don't call a Congressman or a Senator and just shake their heads and say, ``It's politics, it's hopeless; they don't listen, they don't care.''  The Million Mom March was an inspiration to so many people. It was an inspiration to me because at the end of the march in Chicago, the Bell Campaign, which sponsored it, invited the families of gun victims to come forward and literally ring a bell for their victim. They started coming slowly from the crowd, and then the numbers increased. The procession went on and on and on--black, white, brown, men, women, brothers and sisters, sons and daughters, breaking down in tears as they pealed that bell for a gun victim.  I stood there, as a Member of the Senate, humbled by that experience, trying to imagine for one brief moment what it must be like to receive that telephone call or that knock on the door. I vowed I would come back to this Chamber this week and begin a personal campaign, a personal crusade to make the Senate act on this issue. To think that it is 1 year after Columbine and we have done nothing--we have not passed a bill to keep guns out of the hands of criminals or kids; we have been totally stopped by this gun lobby--it is a disgrace, a disgrace to this Chamber, to the Congress, and to this country. The million moms who came forward are watching and waiting and praying that before this ends, we will do something.  The National Rifle Association bought a full-page ad in the Washington Post Friday criticizing the Million Mom March. Here is what they said: ``It is a political agenda masquerading as motherhood.''  I have a message for the National Rifle Association. This was no masquerade; this was the real thing. These were real families who have endured the pain and suffering of gun violence. They are coming forward and challenging you, gun lobby, National Rifle Association, and challenging us in the Senate and in the House to do what is right for America, to reduce gun violence, reduce the pain, and reduce the suffering.  There is no excuse for the fact that, for 1 year, the Republican leadership in the House and Senate has refused to bring a bill to the floor so we could vote and send to the President a bill to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and kids. You will hear more about this issue.  Thank you, Mr. President.  