That is what we are sent here to do, cast a vote. Senator Dodd stood up on day care and said: Shouldn't we help working families who are struggling to find a safe, quality place to leave their kids when they are off to work so they can have peace of mind and the children can grow in a positive learning environment, a safe environment?  He said: Instead of giving a tax break of $23,000 a year to the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans, why don't we talk about targeting tax cuts so families can have more of a tax credit to pay for day care? He took another step the Senator from Minnesota, I am sure, remembers. Senator Dodd said: What about those families where the mother, for example, decides to stay home and raise the kids? Shouldn't we be encouraging that family? They are making an economic sacrifice for the good of their children. Shouldn't they have a tax break?  I agree with him. My wife stayed at home. I am glad she did. I guess we did not buy all the things we could have in life, but we sure ended up with three good kids, thanks to her hard work. She stayed home and helped raise those kids.  A lot of families make that decision, that economic sacrifice. Shouldn't our Tax Code help those mothers? Frankly, we are going to help you whatever your choice. Whether you go to work and need help with day care or stay home with your children, we are going to give you tax relief targeted to those families. The Republicans said: No, no, that is not a priority. Here is the priority. The priority is giving to people who make an average income of $900,000 a year about $2,000 more a month to figure out what they are going to do with it.  That is the difference. That is what the debate came down to.  The Senator from Minnesota, as he talks about long-term care, touches my heart, too. My mother passed away a few years ago. Thank goodness, she was able to stay independent for a long period of time, usually watching her son on C-SPAN and calling him in the evening to correct him on some of the things he said. I understand what families go through when they start making these decisions--and they are heartbreaking decisions--about their parents and grandparents. We believe tax breaks should be available to those families who want to take care of their parents and grandparents, who are willing to sacrifice. But not on the Republican side. They are more concerned about this estate tax which, as my colleague from Minnesota says, disproportionately helps the very wealthiest people in the United States.  