President, we just heard a statement from the Senator from Pennsylvania which echoes the statements of many Republicans since the reuniting of Elian Gonzalez with his father. This was a very sad situation. The Attorney General's comments indicate she made extraordinary efforts on a personal basis and through the Department of Justice to resolve the differences between the members of this family involving this 6-year-old boy.  I am sorry it came to the process that it did in the early hours of the morning on Saturday. I understand up until the very last moment, negotiations were underway with the family, with the very basic goal of reuniting this little boy with his father.  I will never know what took place in those conversations, but I can certainly understand that when the decision was made to enforce the law, to enforce the subpoena, and to move forward, those agents who went into that home were entitled to protect themselves. They did not know, going into that home, whether there was any danger inside. The fact that they were armed, of course, is troublesome in the presence of a 6-year-old boy, but I do not believe a single one of us would ask any law enforcement agent in America--Federal, State, or local--to endanger their own lives by walking into a building without adequate protection and show of force.  I hope we will put this in perspective. I have been absolutely fascinated by the Republican response to this. To consider some of the statements that have been made by Republican leaders on Capitol Hill since this event in Miami tells us a great deal about their priorities. There is a passion, there is a commitment, there is a sense of urgency to drop everything we are doing on Capitol Hill and move into a thorough investigation of this episode which occurred in the early morning hours of Saturday to decide whether or not Attorney General Reno was doing the appropriate thing in the way she approached it.  My question to the Republican majority in the Senate and the House is: Where is your passion, where is your sense of urgency, where is your commitment when it comes to the gun violence which is occurring on the streets of America every single day?  Yesterday, here in our Nation's Capital, families who gathered at the National Zoo for an annual holiday witnessed gun violence which claimed some seven victims, one of whom is now on life support and may not survive. Yet for a year--one solid year--the Republican leadership on Capitol Hill has refused to bring forward any gun safety legislation. Overnight they can call for an investigation of Attorney General Reno. Overnight they can bring her to Capitol Hill because of this question of what occurred in Miami. But for one solid year, they have been unwilling and unable to step up and do anything about gun safety to protect children and families across America.  