Let me say parenthetically I think there is more value to this dialog and exchange than many monologs we hear on the Senate floor.  I thank the Senator for his interest and staying to question me, and I am sure we will question him during the course of this debate.  I know there are other Members seeking recognition at this point. I will try to wrap up.  I do not want to in any way misrepresent the amendment that is been offered by Senators Kennedy and Smith. I think the statements I have made to date are accurate. The Local Law Enforcement Enhancement Act that is before us, the Kennedy-Smith amendment, was drafted carefully and modified to assure its constitutionality under current Supreme Court precedents, as has been referred to by the Senator from Utah. It has been reexamined in light of the Morrison decision. Moreover, the Department of Justice and constitutional scholars have examined this bill and have confidentlydetermined that the Local Law Enforcement Act will stand up to constitutional scrutiny.  Congress may prohibit hate based on race, color, religion, or national origin pursuant to its power to enforce the 13th amendment to the U.S. Constitution because under the 13th amendment Congress has the authority not only to prevent the actual imposition of slavery or involuntary servitude but to ensure that none of the ``badges and incidents'' of slavery or involuntary servitude exists in the United States, which goes to the very point of the Senator from Utah. He reads the 13th amendment and says this goes far beyond prohibiting slavery. But I might say the Supreme Court, in interpreting congressional authority under the 13th amendment, said it could reach beyond the simple question of prohibiting slavery or involuntary servitude. By using the language ``badges and incidents,'' it opened up the opportunity for Congress to consider this authority and for this amendment to be introduced.  None of the Supreme Court's recent Federalism decisions casts doubt on Congress' powers under the 13th amendment to eliminate the badges and incidents of slavery. United States v. Morrison involved legislation that was found to exceed Congress' powers under the 14th amendment. The Court in Morrison, for example, found Congress lacked the power to enact the civil remedy of the Violence Against Women Act pursuant to the 14th amendment because the amendment's equal protection guarantee extends only to ``state action.'' The Senator from Utah, who was one of the proponents of this and deserves high praise for it, makes this point in his opening statement on his amendment.  Since the Violence Against Women Act was interpreted by this Court to go beyond State action--that is, Government action--the Court struck it down. We are trying our best to reinstate it, but that is the standard.  The 13th amendment, however, not the 14th amendment, which they used to strike down the Violence Against Women Act, plainly reaches private conduct as well as Government conduct, and Congress thus is authorized to prohibit private action that constitutes a badge, incident, or relic of slavery.  Moreover, this hate crimes amendment would not only apply except where there is an explicit and discrete connection between the prescribed conduct and interstate or foreign commerce, a connection that the Government would be required to allege and prove in each case. This is consistent with Morrison. Like the prohibition of gun possession in the statute at issue in the Lopez case, the Violence Against Women Act civil remedy required no proof of connection between the specific conduct prohibited and interstate commerce. This amendment requires that a nexus exist between the prohibited conduct and interstate or foreign commerce.  Madam President, there are many who believe that a hate crime prevention statute is unnecessary. I don't put the Senator from Utah in that category. He has made it clear he is opposed to hate crimes, and I trust his word. I believe he is genuine when he says it. The question is, Who will have the power to enforce it? If the Senate neither has the authority nor wants the authority, if the State does not want to prosecute a hate crime, and yet it has been committed and truly there is a victim, the Kennedy-Smith amendment says we will create the opportunity for a Federal cause of action.  We are not forcing the Federal cause of action, but only in the instance where the State either doesn't have authority or has not exercised the authority or in fact defers to the Federal Government or in fact has completed its prosecution and left open the opportunity for such a Federal cause of action.  I wish we did not even have to debate hate crimes legislation. Alan Bruce of my staff has been a person I have turned to many times on issues of this magnitude on this subject. He was the one who gave me this button to wear in the Chamber and can remember Matthew Shepard. It is a grim reminder that there are still people in America who will not accept tolerance as the norm, and if we think it is rare, we only have to go to our new technology of the Internet to find the hate being spewed on so many web sites, efforts by small-minded people in this democratic society to turn our anger against our brothers and sisters who live in America, who happen to be a different color, of a different sexual orientation, a different religion, a different gender. This amendment really tries to address it and say that America as a nation will make it clear that we will not tolerate this sort of hateful, spiteful conduct when it results in violence against one of our brothers and sisters.  How many times have we read these harrowing details: Jasper, TX, with James Byrd, Jr., 2 years ago dragged to his death when he was hooked by a chain to the back of a pickup truck. They literally found this African-American's body in pieces.  The brutal hate-motivated deaths of James Byrd and Mathew Shepard received national attention. Since their deaths, our Nation has thought long and hard about whether this is an America we can tolerate. I think it is not.  Madam President, I bring your attention to two crimes in my own State of Illinois just in the last year.  April 5, 1999: Naoki Kamijima, 48 years old, a Japanese American shopowner was shot to death in Crystal Lake, IL, right outside of Chicago. The gunman was allegedly searching stores for employees of certain ethnic groups before finding and shooting Mr. Kamijima. Reportedly, the gunman said to employees he left behind after questioning them on their ethnic background, ``This is your lucky day.'' Hours later, Mr. Kamijima was shot dead, leaving a wife and two teenage children. His crime? He was an Asian-American. A Korean neighbor of the gunman said he used to chase her car when she drove through the neighborhood.  On the Fourth of July, 1999, a time of celebration across America, a shadow was cast over Illinois. Benjamin Smith, an individual associated with a racist, antisemitic organization, killed an African-American man, Ricky Birdsong, the former basketball coach at Northwestern University. Then he went on, this same Benjamin Smith, to wound six Orthodox Jews in Chicago. I met the father of one of the young boys whose son was terrorized that night. His life will never be the same. His only crime in the eyes of Benjamin Smith? He did not practice the right religion. Then Benjamin Smith went on to kill a Korean student in Bloomington, IN.  Sadly, these incidents are only the tip of the iceberg. There are so many other incidents of hate violence in my State and around the Nation. Since 1991, 70,000 hate crime offenses have been reported in our country. Launching a comprehensive Government analysis of currently available hate crime data would likely be time consuming and not bring us any closer to solving the real problem of hate violence in this Nation.  Mr. President, the Local Law Enforcement Act offers a sensible approach to help deter this kind of discriminatory violence. This legislation has bipartisan support: Senator Gordon Smith, Senator Ted Kennedy, Senator Carl Levin, and so many others. It is supported by law enforcement, civil rights and civic groups, and religious organizations. I am proud to cosponsor this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support its passage.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Stevens). The Senator from Louisiana.  