GRAMM. The Senator will get his 30 minutes. I have my 30 minutes, with all due respect.  What I have done is offer an amendment that says it is the sense of the Senate we should not to be doing this; we should not be raising gasoline taxes so the Vice President can get rid of our cars and our trucks.  Since the Senator from Illinois decided today we ought to vote on the two alternatives, his argument is that it is OK for President Clinton in his budget to spend a new $494 billion in taxes but it is not all right, it is risky, I say to Senator Domenici, it is terribly risky if, instead of us spending it, we let the taxpayers spend it. I do not get it. I do not understand how it is not risky for us to spend it but somehow it is risky to repeal the marriage penalty or the death tax.  So what I have offered, since we cannot do the Bush tax cut until George Bush becomes President--and I would like to hurry the day; if we could do something today that could make it come sooner, God knows, I would sign on as a cosponsor. But I do not think we are going to be able to do it before the Constitution says we can. In any case, what I have done, since we have started this debate, is I have taken the Vice President's book, and I have put in the first installments of what would be required to get rid of all the internal combustion engines, and the first installment would be a $1.50 tax on gasoline today, then another $1.50 tax 4 years from now. That would only start it. We would have to go up from there. But I want to take a conservative approach, as I always do.  Finally, for those who say, OK, the Vice President wrote this book, but he did not mean it. This book was written for environmentalists. He meant it for them, but he did not mean it for people in Texas or New Mexico--let me read his response when he was asked about it.  He said, ``There is not a statement in that book that I don't endorse, not one.''  I do not endorse them. I am against raising gasoline taxes. I am against taking away my pickup truck. I am opposed to it.  I thought this was going to be saved for us to vote on in the election. But since our colleague from Illinois decided to debate the Presidential campaign today, let's debate it.  Let me conclude with this remark, and then I will reserve the remainder of my time and let our colleague speak.  I am happy to say the man I support for President wants to cut your taxes. I am proud of it. I want the world to know it. I suspect our colleague from Illinois is not going to be proud of the fact that Al Gore wants to raise gasoline taxes as part of a program for a ``coordinated global program to accomplish the strategic goal of completely eliminating the internal combustion engine.''  So we are offering a sense of the Senate today to say we are not for that. He may be for it. Al Gore is for it. He says he is for it. He wrote the book. He said he was for it as late as 4-26-99. The point is, not that he is not for it--he is for it --but that we are against it. That is the purpose of this amendment.  Should we be debating the Presidential campaign on the floor of the Senate? I do not know whether we should or not. But since our colleague from Illinois decided to bring it up, I thought we ought to give people an alternative. It is the same choice they are going to have on election day, on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November of this year.  It is a profound choice. The lives of every American family will be changed if we repeal the death tax, if we repeal the marriage penalty, if we cut tax rates. The life of every American family will be changed if we have confiscatory taxes on gasoline to achieve some extremist goal of eliminating the internal combustion engine.  Improve it? Yes. Make it more efficient? Yes. Make it more environmental friendly? Yes. But kiss it and modern civilization good-bye as part of some extremist environmental agenda? I say, no. I say, no. I believe the Senate will say no today. They are going to say no today. I would not be surprised if all 100 Senators said no.  The American people are going to say no in November.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Fitzgerald). The Senator from Nevada.  