 We collect $1 billion in taxes every day to pay interest on the debt that we accumulated during the Reagan-Bush era. President Clinton has finally moved away from that. We are starting to reduce that debt, and we think that is the highest priority. But it isn't the highest priority of Gov. George W. Bush. He believes the highest priority is a tax cut--a tax cut for some of wealthiest people in this country.  We believe we should target the tax cut to the families who need it. For example, a lot of families send their kids to college. They know it is a very expensive undertaking.  We propose on the Democratic side that you be able to deduct from your taxes college education expenses. This gives a helping hand to middle-income families across America so that the kids will finish school with less debt, and maybe no debt.  I think that is a targeted tax cut that makes sense. It makes a lot more sense than a $50,000-a-year tax cut for somebody making $300,000 a year. That is the George W. Bush tax cut.  We also want to target the tax cut to help pay for long-term care. Families know when their parents and grandparents are elderly that it is expensive to care for them. They want to give them the best. It takes a lot from their savings. We give a tax cut for that purpose--a targeted tax cut to help pay for long-term care. That is a sensible approach.  We think the highest priority should be debt reduction. We are not the only ones who suggest it. For anyone who believes this is a partisan proposal, take a look at this particular article that appeared in the Washington Post. This is from the business section. Alan Greenspan, not known to be a Democrat, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board: ``Pay down the debt first.''  That newspaper was obviously not delivered in Texas because neither the Senator who is speaking today on behalf of his amendment nor the Presidential candidate on the Republican side heard the news. Greenspan said debt reduction should be the highest priority--not in their book. From their point of view, the highest priority is making sure the wealthiest people in this country pay less in taxes. That to me doesn't make sense. Let us pay down this awful debt that has been accumulated during the Reagan-Bush years.  Let us try to put this behind us so future generations have more flexibility in their own lives; so that we have less demand for capital; and interest rates coming down.  So those who are following the debate understand where we are, I put forward on the floor the Bush tax cut asking the Democrats and Republicans to go on the record one way or the other. The Senator from Texas says: No. Let's try a substitute. He dreams up a gas tax increase and cannot point to one page in Vice President Gore's book that enumerates that increase, and he wants us to vote on that.  I encourage my friends on the floor to turn down the Gramm gas tax increase. We don't need a $3 increase. Nobody on this side of the aisle called for it.  I think Senator Gramm should understand at this point in time it would be devastating. That is what he wants to vote on because he doesn't want to vote on the Bush tax cut, which is well documented. That is painful, I am sure, but I think it is important we do it.  Back to the estate tax for a second. In 1995, approximately 2.3 million people died in America; 31,000 out of 2.3 million ended up paying the Federal estate tax, 1.37 percent. The vast majority of our Nation's citizens simply do not leave estates valued at $600,000 or more, which is the present annual tax threshold, which is going to increase to $1 million, which I support.  The Senator from Texas would have us believe everyone passing away has as their last act, before the undertaker wheels them out, filing a Federal tax form for the Federal estate tax. It doesn't happen. The vast majority, over 98 percent of the American people, don't pay this tax. Some of the wealthiest people in this country do. He thinks we should wage this Presidential campaign over the 1.37 percent of the population. I think that is a mistake.  I think, honestly, those who have done well in America and prospered and made millions of dollars and left huge estates owe something back to America. That is part of the cost of living and prospering in this country, as far as I am concerned. We see that differently.  The Senator wants to preserve and protect those in the highest income categories, give them the Bush tax cut, and turn his back on things such as education spending--which he thinks is wasteful government spending. I disagree.  There are some radicals on his side of the aisle who want to eliminate the Department of Education. That is a serious mistake. I am not going to put those words in the mouth of any single Senator, but we have heard it over and over from the other side of the aisle. They would take away the authority of the Department of Education to provide for the 5, 6, or 7 percent of Federal aid to education across America. I think that is a mistake, too.  The President understands, as most American families do, that education is critical for our future. If the Senator from Texas wants to walk away from this commitment to education, I think he is walking away from a commitment which is important for our children to make sure they have the skills and education not only to prosper in this Nation but to be able to compete in a global economy. He may think a tax cut for wealthy people is more important than making certain that our kids are well educated, but I disagree with that. I think most American families understand they get one chance to educate their kids, and they want to do it right.  