President, I rise today to offer an amendment regarding childhood immunization. Remarkable advances in the science of vaccine development and widespread immunization efforts have led to a substantial reduction in the incidence of infectious disease. Today, as you know, national vaccination coverage is at record high levels. Smallpox has been eradicated; polio has been eliminated from the Western Hemisphere; and cases of measles have been reduced to record lows.  Still, the job is not done and it is important that we remain vigilant. Every day, nearly 11,000 infants are born and each baby will need up to 22 doses of vaccine by age two. New vaccines continue to enter the market. And although a significant proportion of the general population may be fully immunized at a given time, coverage rates in the United States are uneven and life-threatening disease outbreaks do occur. In fact, recent data from the CDC indicate that coverage rates may be leveling off and that in many areas of the country, including Chicago, Houston, Delaware, North Dakota, South Dakota and New Mexico, they are actually declining.  At the same time, funding to states and localities for immunization delivery activities has also been dramatically reduced over the past five years.States are now struggling to maintain immunization rates and have implemented severe cuts to immunization activities. Many have already reduced clinic hours, canceled contracts with providers, suspended registry development and implementation, limited outreach efforts and discontinued performance monitoring.  Last week, the Institute of Medicine issued a landmark report on the state of our Nation's immunization infrastructure. This report confirmed that the situation requires immediate attention. The IOM in its report stated:       The combination of new challenges and reduced resources has      led to instability in the public health infrastructure that      supports the U.S. immunization system. Many states have      reduced the scale of their immunization programs and      currently lack adequate strength in areas such as data      collection among at-risk populations, strategic planning,      program coordination, and assessment of immunization status      in communities that are served by multiple health care      providers. If unmet immunization needs are not identified and      addressed, states will have difficulty in achieving the      national goal of 90 percent coverage by year 2010 for      completion of childhood vaccination series for young      children. Furthermore, state and national coverage rates,      which reached record levels for vaccines in widespread use      (79 percent in 1998), can be expected to decline and      preventable disease outbreaks may occur as a result,      particularly among persons who are vulnerable to vaccine-     preventable disease because of their undervaccination status.  The amendment I am offering today with my colleagues Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, Senator Jack Reed, Senator Patty Murray, and Senator John Kerry addresses the recommendations of the IOM and responds to the issues raised by state and local immunization program administrators who are struggling to reach underserved children. The provision does three things: First, it provides a $37.5 million increase in immunization grant funding to state and local programs for immunization infrastructure activities in FY 2001, bringing the total funding for infrastructure up from $139 million to $176.5 million. Second, it limits to 14 percent the amount of the total that can be spent for incentive grants to states. Third, it targets 10 percent of the total infrastructure funding to areas with low or declining immunization rates and areas susceptible to outbreaks.  While $37.5 million is a good start, additional funding is needed. The IOM recommends a $75 million increase in the annual federal share of funding to states for immunization programs. This number was derived from 3 calculations: (1) annual state expenditure levels during the mid-1990's; (2) the level of spending necessary to provide additional resources to states with high levels of need without reducing current award levels for each state; and (3) additional infrastructure requirements associated with adjusting to anticipated changes and increased complexity in the immunization schedule. Dozens of organizations support this level of funding, including Research. America, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the March of Dimes, the Children's Defense Fund, the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials, Every Child by Two, and many others.  I intend to work with my colleagues on the Committee and in the Senate to increase this funding level by an additional $37.5 million in FY 2002 in order to reach the level recommended by the IOM.  The 317 immunization grant program to states and localities for ``infrastructure and operations'' is the sole source of Federal support for many critical activities, including: immunization registries; outreach efforts to educate parents about the value and importance of vaccines as well as the risks and possible side effects; training and education of providers to ensure timely vaccinations and keep them updated about the routine schedule including changes resulting from the addition of new vaccines; outbreak control and monitoring and investigating disease occurrence; identifying under immunized children and development of strategies to overcome barriers to vaccination; linking immunization activities with other public health services such as the WIC program; and evaluations of immunization strategies to determine what works.  While overall funding to the Centers for Disease Control's immunization program has actually seen slight increases, the grant program to States and localities has dramatically declined over the past 5 years. Actual appropriations levels have gone from $271 million in FY1995 to $208 million in FY 96 to $139 million in FY2000. But the story is even worse. The measles outbreak of the late 1980's and early 1990's prompted Congress to give states hefty funding increases. Unfortunately, the states were not immediately prepared for the influx of funds. Money was ``carried over'' from one year to the next as they worked through barriers such as computer acquisitions, legislative approvals and hiring freezes. This carryover has compensated for the dramatic reductions in funding that followed. Now there is no more carryover money to pick up the slack. So while actual appropriations have declined by about $68 million since 1996, states are experiencing reductions of 50 percent or more in the same time period. As a result, states are struggling to maintain immunization rates and have implemented severe cuts to immunization activities. Many have already reduced clinic hours, canceled contracts with providers, suspended registry development and implementation, limited outreach efforts and discontinued performance monitoring. An increase of $75 million will barely get states back up to the funding levels they were experiencing in 1998.  The amendment also limits the amount that can be allocated for incentive grants to 14 percent of the total infrastructure funding. Historically, Senate report language has included a formula to reward areas that achieved high coverage levels and set aside $33 million out of the state infrastructure money to pay for this incentive. When this was first put in place in 1994, this amount represented approximately 14 percent of all grant funding available. Now, because the total funding has decreased, the percentage is equal to about 25 percent of the total. Because the overall base funding has decreased (from $271 million in FY95 to $139 million), the incentive allocation is eating up a greater share of total infrastructure funding pulling money away from project areas that have lower immunization rates. In addition, because immunization rates have gone up, nearly every state gets some incentive money--but it is no longer considered an ``incentive'' by the states. Rather, states use the money to offset recent decreases in 317 federal grant funding. As a result, this ``incentive'' that has historically been included in the Senate Appropriations report is no longer achieving its intended effect. Quite simply, the advantage of awarding funds as incentives, rewarding successful immunization programs, has decreased as total funding has decreased. Those grantees with the lowest coverage levels and most in need are receiving less funding than those who have already achieved high coverage levels.  To address this issue, this amendment would limit the percentage of total funding that can be used for incentive money to the percentage it represented when it was first implemented. No state will experience a reduction in funds.  I also want to note that the House Labor-HHS-Education Appropriations report included language, which I strongly support, asking the CDC to report back to Congress regarding the utility of this incentive program and recommending a mechanism to phase it out if it is not found to be achieving its intended purpose. It is my hope that the Senate will agree to this language in conference.  The amendment also targets 10 percent of total infrastructure funding to areas of the country with low or declining immunization rates. Even with significant gains in national immunization rates, subpopulations of underimmunized children still exist. Rates in many of the Nation's urban areas, including Chicago and Houston, are unacceptably low and getting lower. These pockets of need create pools of susceptible children and increase the risk of dangerous disease outbreaks. The IOM report highlights the fact that disparities in levels of immunization coverage still exist. National surveys reveal a gap of 9 percentage points between children above and below the federal poverty level. Targeting just 10 percent of the total amount, as IOM recommends, will help CDC respond to unexpected outbreaks, gaps in immunization coverage, or other exceptional circumstances within the states.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It will provide additional funds to every single state. No state loses money. In this day and age, it is simply not acceptable that more than one million children have not been adequately vaccinated. Vaccines are one of the most cost-effective tools we have in preventing disease. For every dollar spent on vaccines, society saves up to $24 in medical and societal costs. Controlling vaccine-preventable disease has been one of the most significant public health accomplishments of the 20th Century. But current success does not guarantee future success. And there is still much work to be done.  