I am aware of the fact we disagree on this issue. We have been friends and are adversaries only on issues without any personal basis.  Mr. President, this has become a perennial issue before the Senate--the question of whether we will amend the Constitution of the United States to, in fact, somehow ban the desecration of the American flag.  Make no mistake about it, flag burning is an insensitive and shameful act. But the issue before us is not whether we support flag burning but whether we should amend the Constitution, whether we should amend the Bill of Rights for the first time in the history of the United States of America, whether we should narrow the precious freedoms ensured by the first amendment for the very first time in our Nation's history.  When we trace back the origin of this flag burning amendment, we find that it came about as a result of an act by an individual during the 1984 Presidential election campaign in the State of Texas during the Republican National Convention. A person went down there and ignited an American flag, and ignited the passions of many people who feel very strongly about that symbol of our Nation. It gave rise to an effort on the floor of the Congress to pass a law which would ban this sort of activity. Efforts were made, overturned by the Supreme Court, and then finally a constitutional amendment was offered.  It is interesting, to me, to put this in some context because we are talking about first amendment rights--rights of expression, rights of speech--which, in fact, are envied around the world.  As nations came out from under the yoke of communism and were finally given an opportunity to write their own future, they looked to the United States, not to our flag--they had their own flag--but to our values. They said: The United States is different. The United States respects the rights of individuals to express themselves, even when it is unpopular.  In many of these same countries, it had been against the law, punishable by imprisonment, to even question the Government, let alone to burn the flag of the country. But they said: We are going to walk away from that totalitarian view of the world. We are going to stand for freedom, just like the United States of America.  One after another, the leaders of these new democracies came here to the U.S. Capitol to appear before a joint session of Congress and really said, in so many words, their model, their ideal, their goal, was to follow our 200-plus year history of the Bill of Rights.  Those of us who want to stand in defense of the Bill of Rights understand that sometimes our positions are unpopular and sometimes uncomfortable. I think back a year ago. Remember, it was just a year ago the Columbine High School massacre shocked America. It stunned us to believe this could happen in a school, that innocent children could be mowed down with guns.  If the epicenter of this shock was at Columbine, it was certainly in the State of Colorado, as well, as they reflected on this violence.  Do you recall a few days after the Columbine shootings, the National Rifle Association held its convention in Denver, CO? Those in the surrounding areas came out to peacefully protest and demonstrate against the National Rifle Association and its agenda and its insensitivity to the Columbine High School shootings.  As much as I might disagree with the agenda of the National Rifle Association, I will have to stand here and say they had a right to meet. They had a right to meet in Denver, CO, and to express their points of view. As reprehensible and shameful as some might have found it, that is a right guaranteed by the first amendment to the Constitution.  In 1998, in Idaho, white supremacists obtained a permit for a ``100-man flag parade,'' and they marched, carrying American flags alongside Nazi banners. The owner of a local bookstore in Coeur D'Alene made a point of keeping his store opened. He observed: ``Nazis were burning books in the 1930s, and I don't want them closing stores in the 90s.''  To think of it--Old Glory side by side with the Nazi banner.  I am not certain this amendment would even touch that activity. I find that reprehensible; I find that disgusting. Yet I understand it. That is what America is all about. The real test of our belief in the Bill of Rights, the real test of our belief in freedom of expression is we stand back and say, as much as we disagree and despise every word you are saying, you have a right as an American to say it. That is a core principle of this democracy. That is a principle that is at issue with the offering of this amendment, this amendment which says: We will separate out one group of Americans who engage in this despised conduct of burning flags, and we will say, we will amend the Bill of Rights for the first time in our history to stop that activity.  Senator Hatch, last year, before the Senate Judiciary Committee, invited a man I respect very much, Tommy Lasorda, who was a former manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers, who came and talked about his strong feelings in support of this amendment. He talked about a day in the baseball park when someone jumped out of the stands, started to burn a flag, and one of the other players raced over to grab the flag and put out the fire, how proud he was that this player--Rick Monday--would put out the fire of this flag.  I asked Mr. Lasorda a question when it came my turn. I said: As I understand it, most of the people who jump out of the stands and run onto the field are not televised. A decision is made by the television stations and the management not to put the television cameras on these people who race around the field whenever they do. He said: That is correct. I said: Why is that? He said: Because if you give them attention, it just encourages that kind of activity. I said to Mr. Lasorda--and say today in debate--what more attention could we give to these dim-witted clods who would burn the flag but to amend the Bill of Rights for the first time in history? How seldom this occurs, how reprehensible it is, how awful it would be for us to respond to this terrible conduct by saying: You have our attention. We are going to amend the Bill of Rights. We will show you. Then we will see a flood of this kind of activity, I am afraid.  Some of the people I respect from both sides of the aisle have been quoted during the course of this debate. Gen. Colin Powell, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, no one would question his patriotism, whether they belong to the American Legion or the VFW, AMVETS, or any veterans group. He opposes this amendment. He wrote a letter to Senator Leahy in 1999 and said:       We are rightfully outraged when anyone attacks or      desecrates our flag. Few Americans do such things and when      they do they are subject to the rightful condemnation of      their fellow citizens. They may be destroying a piece of      cloth, but they do no damage to our system of freedom which      tolerates such desecration. * * * I would not amend that      great shield of democracy to hammer a few miscreants. The      flag will still be flying proudly long after they have slunk      away.  General Powell got it right, a man who has served our country, has put his life on the line in combat like so many other veterans who are quoted in the minority views and who understand they were fighting for something more than a piece of cloth. They were fighting for a piece of history, a piece of history that goes back over 200 years, when men--and they were all men--came forward to write this document, the Constitution of the United States and said: We will make certain that no matter what any State or Federal Government should try to do, we will hold sacred the rights of an individual for freedom of expression and freedom of speech no matter how unpopular it may be.  I ask my colleagues in the Senate to join us in condemning the action but not in desecrating our Bill of Rights. It is a document which has been a source of pride for many generations. It will continue to be.  Some people say even the word ``desecration'' in this amendment is a little hard to follow. What is a physical desecration of the flag? Well, burning it is one illustration, but is it the only one? For example, I raised this in committee about 2 years ago. Would weconsider it a desecration of the flag for someone to use an American flag as a seat cover in their automobile? Some might say that is a desecration, sitting on the flag. I would ask them to think twice. Take a trip down to the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC. Get up close and see Abraham Lincoln, that son of Illinois of whom we are so proud. Look very closely at what he is sitting on. He is sitting on an American flag. I don't think that is a desecration. I think we understand the context is trying to indicate the importance of this President.  I urge my colleagues in the Senate to oppose this amendment and yield the floor.  