President, I rise to speak this afternoon on an issue which is important to all Americans, particularly the 10 million who are presently working for a minimum wage. Senator Kennedy of Massachusetts will join me in a few minutes to discuss the issue, which has been a major crusade for him for the last several years.  Earlier I noted that until the mid-1980s the issue of a minimum wage increase was never a partisan issue. In fact, Republican and Democratic Presidents alike endorsed the idea of periodically trying to increase the minimum wage to reflect the cost of living. But for some reason, in the mid-1980s, that all changed. It became a Democratic and Republican battle as to whether people who were earning a minimum wage should be able to keep up with the cost of living, keep up with inflation. Because of that battle, fits and starts and the wins and losses, many minimum wage workers across America started falling behind. In fact, their buying power, working for a minimum wage, was diminishing because Congress had failed to give them an adequate increase in their income to keep up with the cost of living.  Some arguments on the other side suggested: If you raise the minimum wage for workers who have no skills, entry level workers, it is going to basically kill jobs because employers are going to have to make a choice. They are either going to pay more to a minimum wage worker on the job and then reduce the size of the workforce or pay less to that minimum wage worker and keep a larger workforce.  It seems as if there is linear logic to this argument, but, in fact, when you look at it, the economic history of this country just does not back it up. As you will notice on this first chart which I am showing, as we have seen increases in the minimum wage from April of 1995 where the wage was increased, in October of 1996, to $4.75, and then again in October of 1997 to $5.15 an hour, the current minimum wage, the number of people working in America has continued to grow. So the argument that increasing the minimum wage is a job killer just does not make any sense.  Just the opposite seems to be true. In a growing economy, when you give tothe workers at the lowest level an increase in their living wage, they are likely to spend it. They need it for rent, for groceries, for their kids' shoes, for school expenses. So little of it is saved as lower income families are forced to spend everything to make ends meet; that spending, of course, creates demand in the economy for the production of more products and services. That is what has happened to us repeatedly. Since 1996, if you will take a look here at the minimum wage increase, unemployment is down in all the major groups.  People say these minimum wage jobs are just for kids who do not have any skills or background. When they come to the workplace and get their first job, they have to be prepared to be paid very little for it. I used to be one of those a long time ago. Take a look at what has happened here between September of 1996 and August of the year 2000. The 1996 minimum wage increase did not kill job opportunities in a single category here: Among teenagers, even among high school dropouts, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, or women in the workforce.  One of the other misconceptions is that somehow the minimum wage is just going to be paid to those who are, frankly, children who have limited work experience, a first job, so they will get a minimum wage. Who are these 10.1 million workers across America who would benefit from an increase in the minimum wage? I think you would be surprised to learn, as I was, that 69 percent of the workers who benefit are adults over the age of 20. So the idea that this is a children's wage or a teenager's wage is just wrong. Mr. President, 69 percent of minimum wage workers, 7 million of them, are over 20; 60 percent of these are women and many of these women have children.  You know what we are talking about here. We are talking about someone who has gone through a divorce, perhaps has a child they are trying to raise and do their very best by working a minimum wage job. Sixty percent of these minimum wage workers are women and 45 percent of them have full-time jobs. They are full-time minimum wage workers making less than $11,000 a year: 16 percent African American, 20 percent Hispanic; 40 percent of them work in retail. They sell us our hamburgers and our CDs at the store and all the things we buy; 27 percent are in the service sector; 83 percent of the minimum wage workers are heads of households and they are earning between $5.15 an hour and $6.14 an hour. Mr. President, 40 percent of minimum wage workers are the sole adult breadwinners in their families.  The argument that we are talking about a training wage for kids who really just want a first time on the job overlooks 40 percent of the minimum wage workforce who are adults trying to make enough money to feed a child--those are the minimum wage workers. I can recall a speech given many years ago by Rev. Jesse Jackson from Chicago, which I am proud to represent in the Senate, when he talked about these people going to work every day--the invisible workforce. We do not see them cleaning our hotel rooms, clearing off the tables, working in the kitchens and the day-care centers and the nursing homes; people we rely on to make America a better place, who do the tough, often thankless jobs in America for $5.15 an hour.  In my home State of Illinois, the estimate is we have over 400,000 minimum wage workers. These are people who deserve an increase in that minimum wage for a chance to be able to get out of poverty. Frankly, most Americans agree: If you are a hard-working person who is not looking for a handout but just looking for a chance to go to work, you really deserve some sort of basic living wage.  Look at this chart. ``Americans Support Wages That Keep Working Families Out Of Poverty.'' Overwhelmingly, 81 percent strongly agree with this. Does anyone really, listening to this speech, this debate, believe if you are making $10,700 a year you are out of poverty? That you have a comfortable life? Even with the Earned-Income Tax Credit, one of the few things with which we try to help these working families, by and large life is from payday to payday. They are striving just to meet the necessities and basics of life. So when we talk about an increase in the minimum wage, we are talking about helping these families who are going to work every single day finally reach up over the ledge and look ahead, beyond poverty.  If welfare reform was not about rewarding that type of person, what was the debate all about? I voted for it. Some of my colleagues said don't do that because you are going to leave the poor behind when they really need help. I hope we never do.  But I can tell you, this minimum wage debate is about those people, folks with limited job experience. They are finally off the dole, off welfare, trying to do their best, stuck in a $5.15-an-hour job; showing up for work on a regular basis, full-time employees--45 percent of them--and still stuck at $5.15 an hour.  During the Republican Convention in Philadelphia, there was a lot of talk about the economy. It was amazing, in a way, because they failed to acknowledge, as you might expect, we are in a period of prosperity unparalleled in the history of the United States. We have had the longest run of economic expansion ever. We are now talking about eliminating our national debt. That has not happened since the Civil War, I might add--the Civil War in the 19th century, if there is any doubt what I am referring to.  In Philadelphia, they said the problem with this economy is it has left too many people behind. It has helped create 22 million new jobs in this country, a lot of them in my State and other States around the Nation. But if you are talking about leaving people behind, how about the people on minimum wage who have been left behind because a Republican dominated and controlled Congress refuses to give a minimum wage increase to the hardest working people in this country?  Oh, the Republicans in the House have come forward with a proposal. They have had the idea of implementing this $1-an-hour increase over 3 years. They want to bring it down to 2 years, but there are a couple attachments to it and riders and things they would like to add. For example, they would like to really challenge paying overtime to workers in general--not talking about minimum wage workers but talking about workers in general. Frankly, many of us think that is a bitter pill to swallow; that a lot of hard-working families would have to give up on their overtime pay so the lowest paid workers in this country earning $5.15 an hour would have a chance to get out of poverty and have a living wage. That is not a deal which, frankly, any of us should buy.  It is time for us to do the right thing. We are going to go home in a few weeks. A lot of Senators will be campaigning for other candidates or for their own reelection, and they will face a lot of crowds and people coming up to them. You aren't likely to see a lot of minimum wage workers in those crowds. These are hard-working folks struggling to get by, many times with more than one job; they do not have time to listen to politicians who get out and gab and make their speeches on the stump.  But it is a shame we will not have a chance to see them because, if we do, we, frankly, have to ask of them some understanding and forgiveness, that this Congress, with its large agenda of important items, has failed to address the most fundamental need in their lives--an increase in the minimum wage so they can survive and raise their children and live in dignity.  If we value hard work in this country, we should compensate the hard workers, the minimum wage workers adequately. For over 2 years we have refused to do it. I see my colleague, Senator Kennedy, is on the floor. I salute him for the leadership he has shown on this issue time and time again. I am sorry we are in a position where both parties no longer have come to a bipartisan agreement on dealing with a minimum wage.  But I say to Senator Kennedy, as I am prepared to yield the floor to him, that this is a battle worth fighting in the closing weeks of this session. As we consider all of the possibilities and all of the special interests that need to be tended to and made happy before we leave, let us not forget the people who cannot afford a lobbyist in this town--the minimum wage workers across America who we count on week in and week out to make America work.  I think we owe it to them to increase the minimum wage by 50 cents an hourover each of the next 2 years, to a level of $6.15, knowing full well that that is not a comfort level, that isn't going to give them relief from concern about paying for the necessities of life; but we owe it to them to increase this wage. Frankly, this Senator is prepared to say that this experience with this minimum wage increase has convinced me once and for all that relying on the goodness and gratitude of Congress on an infrequent basis to give the hardest working people in this country enough money to scrape themselves out of poverty and make a living has to come to an end.  We need to put into law a cost-of-living adjustment for the minimum wage, so we can say to the people across America, the millions who work for this minimum wage: Your life is not going to be hanging in the balance as to whether politicians in Washington are paying attention. You pay attention to your family and your job every day. We should pay attention to you by making certain you have a living wage.  Mr. President, I yield the floor to my colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy.  