Contained within the study are a number of databases detailing the deployment of U.S. forces overseas. One data set from an earlier IDA study covering U.S. military overseas deployments from 1983-1994 showed that President Reagan averaged 9 deployments per year, President Bush averaged 9.5 deployments per year, while Clinton averaged 5.5 deployments per year.  Another data set from Defense Forecasts, Inc. listed U.S. Air Force deployments from 1983-1996. It showed the following number of average annual Air Force deployments: 19 per year under President Reagan, 37 per year under President Bush, and 27 per year under President Clinton.  For all those critics of the pace of the use of military force under President Clinton, I would like to ask, which missions of those in the lists I have submitted for the Record should this country not have done? Governor Bush mentioned only one in the second Presidential debate--the mission to Haiti.  Of the missions listed in the table from the Defense Secretary's report, which should we have skipped? Should we have said no to the 9 missions evacuating noncombatants and Americans in trouble? Should the United States have said ``sorry we can't help'' to those in the 9 humanitarian assistance missions? Should the military have been prevented from helping stem the flow on illegal immigrants or not helped give safe haven to the Kurds, as in the 6 missions listed under ``migrant operations''? How about enforcing the no-fly zone and the sanctions against Iraq, or perhaps the shows of force and limited strikes to keep Iraq in check?  Looking at the Army's list, perhaps critics would like to show where the Army was over-reaching? Was it when it helped the residents of my state of Illinois and of Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota during the massive flooding in 1993? Maybe we shouldn't have asked soldiers to help put out the fires all over the West last August? Maybe we shouldn't have helped the victims of Hurricane Mitch in Central America in1998, or perhaps we should have turned down the humanitarian mission to the survivors of the Rwandan genocide in 1994? Some say we shouldn't have even tried to restore democracy in Haiti.  When I read these lists, it makes me proud of what our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines have done for our country and for the world, at great cost to themselves and their family lives.  Clearly there is a national consensus that we have been over-working our troops and we need to look deeply into what assumptions and management systems we need to change to fix these problems--rather than decide that we must pull back from the world and from the vital national security missions those men and women have been so ably undertaking.  But where on these lists are those ``vague, aimless and endless deployments'' that Governor Bush referred to? Which ``uncertain missions'' would he ``replace with well-defined objectives''?  There's only one major long-term peacekeeping mission on those lists, and that's the U.S. mission to the Balkans--the only major deployment still in place that President Clinton did not inherit from Governor Bush's father.  Governor Bush has called for a U.S. withdrawal from the Balkans and for a ``new division of labor'' between the United States and its NATO allies--this at a time when the U.S. strategy is bearing fruit with the fall of the Serbian President, Slobodan Milosevic, and when United States forces make up less than 15 percent of the troops on the ground in the Balkans.  Bush's intent to reduce the United States' role in Europe and NATO has been greeted with alarm and dismay across Europe.  Following two world wars, history has shown us the importance of the U.S. role in keeping peace and promoting stability in Europe; of stopping racist, ultra-nationalist dictators. After the United States and Europe alike spent years wringing its hands about the ultranationalist policies that ripped Yugoslavia to shreds, the United States led to step in and stop the ethnic cleansing. Was that the wrong policy? Should we have just watched while Southeastern Europe went to pieces? It was painful and messy, and it took time, but I think we did the right thing. The new leaders in Croatia, and now, I hope, in Serbia, are ready for a new, democratic path.  Our experience with the Kosovo campaign showed just how important American leadership and American defense capability is to the NATO alliance. Europe has said it's ready to do more to beef up its defense and peacekeeping capabilities, but it's a long way from being able to undertake a Kosovo-like campaign without the United States. That reality became painfully clear to European leaders during the Kosovo campaign, and they have determined to do something about it.  Just a few years ago, I was proud to vote in the United States Senate to enlarge NATO to include Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. This enlargement was to help integrate the states that had thrown off the yoke of the Warsaw Pact into Western European institutions. It helped to cement democracy and give those countries a stake in the defense of Europe. I want to see more East European countries join NATO, particularly the long-suffering Baltic countries of Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia. I am afraid that will not happen if the United States pulls back from its commitment to NATO.  After the United States led Europe and NATO to stop the Yugoslavian wars, are we to pull back? After the United States led NATO to expand the fold of democratic, market-oriented states committed to Europe's defense, are we to leave?  I believe the answer to those questions is a resounding no.  It is time to address the hardships of those in the military as the management issues that they are and stop claiming that the United States can no longer handle vital national security missions like our involvement in the Balkans because of those hardships.  Let's stop hiding behind the many differing deployment statistics and debate policy. This Administration has kept our commitment to NATO and to Europe, while it has continued to contain Saddam Hussein, and protected our vital interests in protecting Japan, South Korea, and the Taiwan Strait. Those aren't ``vague, aimless, or uncertain'' missions. These missions are at the heart of our national security and our leadership role in the world today.  I close by pointing to one particular thing that has come up in the last 2 weeks in the Presidential campaign. For months, Governor Bush's senior foreign policy advisers have been complaining that the U.S. military is overextended and engaged in too many peacekeeping operations. It is this last deployment in the Balkans that has drawn Governor Bush's ire, even though the 10,000 troops represent, as I said earlier, less than 1 percent of the U.S. military.  Recently, Governor Bush's foreign policy adviser, Condoleeza Rice, called for withdrawal of U.S. forces from the Balkans as a ``new division of labor'' under which the United States would ``handle a showdown in the Gulf, mount the kind of force needed to protect Saudi Arabia and deter a crisis in the Taiwan Strait,'' while Europe would be asked to do peacekeeping on its own.  I have always been in favor of burden sharing, and I believe the Europeans and every other group across the world who need our assistance should not only pay for that and defer the costs to American taxpayers but put the lives of their young men and women on the line.  I believe it is naive of Governor Bush to suggest that America's commitment to NATO is just a statistical commitment. America's commitment to NATO makes it work, and the suggestion that Governor Bush, if he had the chance, would diminish the American role in NATO, has raised concerns all across Europe because for over 60 years now, NATO has been a source of stability and pride and defense for our European allies.  The U.S. involvement is much more than just bringing men and women to the field. It is a symbol of the force and commitment of the United States. I am proud of the fact, as I stand here, that in modern times the United States has never engaged in these military conflicts hoping to gain territory or treasure. We are there for what we consider the right reasons: to protect democratic values, to provide opportunity for the growth of business opportunities, and free trade. That has basically been the bedrock of our policy in NATO for many years and will continue to be. I hope we can continue to make that commitment in years to come.  