President.  If you have been around politics for about 5 minutes 30 seconds, you knowthat when you do not have an answer, you answer a question with a question. That is what has happened.  Vice President Gore does not propose a $3 gasoline tax increase. He never has. The Senator from Texas knows it. He is coming to the floor trying to suggest a tax increase that he has dreamed up of $3 a gallon because he does not want to face the music when it comes to the real tax increases and cuts proposed by the Republican candidate for President, his Governor from the State of Texas, George W. Bush.  That is for real. That is the cornerstone of his campaign. You cannot stand it, Senator, but it is a fact. You make up taxes and put it in the mouth of Al Gore. We take the words spoken by George Bush.  When I ask the Senate to vote on George W. Bush's tax cut--the mainstay of his campaign--you would think the Republicans would rally behind George W. Bush. This is their man. This is the one they want to see elected to the White House. But they run, in the words of our former Senator Dale Bumpers, like the devil runs from holy water, when it comes to a vote on the George W. Bush tax cut. They cannot stand the thought of going on record for what the Senator from Texas says he is so very proud of. He is so very proud of George W. Bush's tax cut, he has offered a substitute to it. He does not want to be on the record. He does not want to go back to Texas and try to explain that tax cut. I do not blame him. It is a bad idea. It is bad policy.  I make no apology for bringing to the floor of the Senate the major issues in the Presidential campaign. For goodness sakes, what would the world think if the Senate stopped talking to itself and talking about issues that are being debated in America? This is the No. 1 issue in the campaign. I make no apology for bringing it to the floor, asking Democrats on this side and Republicans on the other, to go on record: Do you support it or don't you?  I make no apology for the progress we have made in this Nation over the last 7\1/2\ years under the Clinton-Gore administration. I tell the Senator from Texas and anyone following this debate, I would gladly run on the record of this administration and our economy. I would take it to every State in the Union because we know what has happened: Unemployment is down, housing starts are up, business creation is up, inflation is under control. We have seen America prosper in a way that has never happened in our history.  It bothers my Republican friends to acknowledge this fact. They think it dropped out of Heaven. They do not think the President had anything to do with it. We know better. We know that on the floor of this Senate, and in the House of Representatives, President Clinton's budget plan, that started reducing the deficits and moving us in the right direction, was passed without a single--not one--Republican vote in support. It kills them.  Senator Gramm was just quoted on the floor. He said it would be the end of--I have forgotten his exact words--but the end of civilization as we know it if the Clinton plan passed. Well, guess what. It did pass, and America got a lot better. American families know we are moving in the right direction. It is interesting to me that my Republican friend from Texas just loves this Bush tax cut to pieces, but he can't bring himself to go on record to vote for it. He doesn't want to have to go back home and explain it--even in Texas, Governor Bush's own State.  I am offering the Bush tax cut as he has proposed it in his own words. Senator Gramm is offering a figment of his imagination about what Al Gore might have said. When I ask him for a specific page in this book, where there is a $3 gas tax increase, I get a question back to me. Well, if you have been through the first grade, you know how to open a book and go to the right page. That is what the teacher teaches you. Senator Gramm can't take us to the right page in Vice President Gore's book referring to a $3 gas tax because it isn't there. He is making it up.  Look at what the so-called fair Bush tax cut means to American families. If you happen to have an income of $31,100 a year, it means a $500-per-year tax break under the Bush tax cut. But, boy, if you are in an income category over $300,000, there is a $50,000-a-year tax cut coming from the Bush proposal, the one for which I want the Senate to go on record.  Is this fair? It isn't fair whether you drive a pickup truck or walk along the shoulder of the highway. It isn't fair to working families who have to drive pickup trucks to survive. I think we ought to vote, and I think the Senator from Texas ought to withdraw his amendment so we can vote up or down on something of which he is so proud.  Look at what happened to the deficits under various Presidents. I think the record is clear. I am sure it hurts my Republican colleagues to acknowledge the obvious. We have seen the deficits grow under Presidents Reagan and Bush. But look at what has happened under President Clinton. The deficits have come down.  