President, some of my colleagues have also asked why did I vote for this bill in the first place. When I voted for it, I did so in the hopes that the bill would be strengthened in conference. Instead, exactly the opposite occurred. The bankruptcy code is a delicate balance. When you push one thing, almost invariably something else will give. In this bill, the credit card industry pushed, and what gave were the debtors. Is that fair? Is that balanced? In a word: No.  The constant theme that has guided me throughout the consideration of bankruptcy legislation is balanced reform. I do not believe you can have meaningful bankruptcy reform without addressing both sides of the problem, irresponsible debtors and irresponsible creditors.  The bill that passed the Senate in the 105th Congress was a balanced and bipartisan approach. Senator Grassley and I, along with several other Senators, worked hard to develop it, and 97 Senators supported our efforts and agreed that it was a good, balanced way to deal with the problem.  That bill was killed in conference 2 years ago. Unfortunately, our efforts of many, many months did not result in the bankruptcy reform legislation that we needed.  I had hoped this year would be different. This year when I voted for it, I did so with the hope that some key provisions of the legislation would be strengthened. It didn't happen in conference. Rather, the bill we have before us today falls far short of the Senate effort. Perhaps if the Democrats hadn't been shut out of conference, we would have a more balanced conference bill. Sadly, like so many instances in this Congress, Democrats were kept from the table. Rather than negotiate with Democrats directly and bring forth a bill the President could support, that both creditors and debtors could support, our Republican colleagues are trying to force us to take a bad bill. I say don't take it, leave it. This bill is not balanced.  I said in the beginning of my statement and I will say it again, I support reform. I for one am willing to reach across the aisle and work in a bipartisan fashion in the next Congress to develop a bill. I know some of my colleagues on this side of the aisle are anxious to do the same. In this Congress, we have, rarely but at some times, worked in a bipartisan manner and obtained meaningful results for the American people: the reauthorization of the Older American Act, the H-1B visa legislation, and the Senior Citizens Freedom to Work Act.  Despite these accomplishments, Congress has missed opportunities to pass a lot of other meaningful legislation such as a Patients' Bill of Rights, expanding the current hate crimes law, and passing commonsense gun safety legislation. Let's not add bankruptcy to the list. Let's pledge to work together in the new, 50-50 split in the Senate, in the 107th Congress to come up with a balanced bill.  Although our Republican colleagues may be able to disguise the bankruptcy bill by putting it in a State Department authorization bill, they cannot hide the simple truth--this bill is not a balanced approach. Many of the Members of this Chamber know I am a strong proponent of credit card disclosure. I am not in favor of rationing credit. I believe Americans should be allowed to make that choice. But it should be an informed choice. You should know what you are getting into when you sign up for that credit card. The number of people who end up overextending on credit cards and finding they cannot meet their obligations include quite a few who never understood the terms and conditions of their credit card arrangement.  I am a lawyer. I have been around legislatures and Congress for a long time. When I turn over my monthly statement for my credit card and look at that fine print, I struggle to figure out what they are trying to say to me. There are some basic things people ought to know when they sign up for a credit card. What is the interest rate? How much am I going to pay and for how long? Is the interest rate going to change? If I receive a monthly statement and this is the minimum monthly payment, how many months do I have to pay off that minimum payment before it is finally gone? During that period of time, how much will I pay in principal, how much will I pay in interest?  These are not outrageous ideas. It is kind of the basic information you would expect to know so consumers can know whether or not they have overestimated, whether they are going too far in debt. You would think most people in the credit card industry would not fight that. The fact is, they did. They don't want to make that disclosure to the American people. They are afraid if the American consumers have the facts, the American consumers will make some different choices. They might not sign up for that extra credit card. They might think twice before just sending in a couple of bucks a month if it means they are going to be paying for years and pay more in interest than they are on the principal.  During the course of my involvement in the industry, I have tried to stress to the credit industry that they have some responsibility in this debate as well. There is ample evidence to suggest they are hawking credit to children, to college students, and people already deeply in financial trouble.  In 1999 alone, there were 3.5 billion credit card solicitations mailed to American households. If you followthis debate, you know exactly what I am talking about. You go home every night, open the mailbox, take a look at what is there, and throw away all the new credit card applications because each of us, particularly in the households that are considered creditworthy, received an armload of these invitations to sign up for a new credit card on a regular basis.  Credit cards have been addressed to 4-year-old preschool children and, yes, every once in a while the family dog gets an application, too. These 3.5 billion credit card solicitations don't take into account phone calls at dinnertime, the ads stuck in the middle of magazines, or the booths set up on every college campus offering free tee-shirts if you just sign up for a credit card. In fact, on many college campuses, each time a student buys something at a bookstore they often get a credit card solicitation at the bottom of their bag. The bags are premade with credit card applications and ads at the bottom of the bag. These ads are directly aimed at college students, ads such as those for Visa, which say: ``Accepted at more colleges than you were.''  Never mind that these students, many of them young men and women away from home for the first time, don't have the skills to navigate what could be some choppy waters. Some of these students end up ruining their credit before they even get their first real job. Are we supposed to believe the credit card industry is not responsible? Regrettably, the already minimalist approach to credit card disclosure in the Senate bill was weakened further in the conference.  I continue to believe, as I did in 1998 when we passed strong disclosure provisions, that consumers benefit from knowing, for example, that paying the 2 percent monthly minimum on a $1,295 balance would take 93 months, or more than 7 years to pay off the balance. An estimate of the total cost to pay off this $1,295 balance if only the minimum payments are made is $2,418--almost twice the original balance. If all this information were available, I don't think many consumers would consider the monthly minimum payment a very good idea.  Oh, certainly there could be a month when that is all you can pay. But you have to know down the line, if you go along with the credit card industry and just make the minimum monthly payment, at the end of this you are going to pay a lot more in interest. Maybe that is your choice. But shouldn't you know, going in? Shouldn't that information be given to you?  College students might think twice before using their credit cards to charge another pizza. The bankruptcy bill in the 105th Congress included debtor-specific information that enabled cardholders to examine their current credit card in tangible terms, driving home the seriousness of their financial commitments.  Sounds simple, doesn't it? Today's technology is such that it probably would not take much to make this happen. So why isn't this reasonable provision part of the bankruptcy bill? The credit card industry said: No, we don't want to make any additional disclosures, we don't want to give consumers more information, we don't want to give them a reason to say no. We want to create reasons for them to say yes.  Frankly, if you take a person who is in a precarious credit situation and they sign up for a new credit card and end up in bankruptcy court, doesn't the credit card industry bear some responsibility? It was the consumer's choice to take the credit card, but how diligent was the credit card industry in finding out whether a person really knew the terms and conditions of the agreement and whether or not they were creditworthy?  Unfortunately, this industry, not the majority of the American people, have the money and resources to make their wishes known, and thus the bill we have on the floor. The credit card industry decided it was in their best interest not to let the American people know exactly what paying only the minimum balance on their 19-percent credit card would actually cost them.  This year, the debtor-specific information was reduced to providing cardholders with generic examples, and I accepted this reduced operation with some reservations. It is my understanding that it was even further weakened in the conference committee.  It amazes me. The credit card industry, with all of their computers and all of their information, when you say to them: When you put down the minimum monthly payment on a card, can you put right next to it how many months it will take to pay it off? They say: That is just totally beyond us; we don't know that our computers could ever figure that out.  I do not get it. I do not understand how they can say that with a straight face. They know that information is readily accessible. They know also it may discourage people from putting too much debt on their credit cards. That will cost them business, it will cost them interest payments, and they will not let it be included in this bill.  The Republican leadership agreement permits banks with less than $250 million in assets--incidentally, that is over 80 percent of all banks--to have the Federal Reserve provide its customers with a toll-free number to review their credit card balances for the next 2 years. It is unclear whether the banks would be required to provide the service themselves after 2 years. The exemption would cover 4,000 banks holding about $3 billion in consumer credit card debt.  The American people are not going to be calling this toll-free number to find out what their credit card balances are. You know it, I know it, the credit card industry certainly knows it, too. That is why they agreed to it. They agreed to a provision that does little to help debtors take responsibility for their financial situation.  This is a departure from a balanced approach. This is a sham. This is about as worthless as the warnings on cigarette packages. They do not want to give consumers specific information about their credit card balances. The credit card industry won that battle in the conference report.  In addition, the current bankruptcy bill provides for a homestead exemption that is weaker than the version included in the Senate-passed bill. The Senate, in a 76-22 bipartisan vote, agreed to an amendment by Senator Kohl of Wisconsin to create a $100,000 nationwide cap on any homestead exception.  You go before a bankruptcy court and say: Here are my assets. In many cases, it is the home. Many States decided what the value of that home to be exempted by creditors can be. Every State has a different standard. Some States have no standard. We have had outrageous situations in the past where well-known actors and public figures, knowing they were going to file for bankruptcy, bought an expensive estate or ranch and put every asset they had in it, walked into the bankruptcy court and said: I have nothing but my home. The home happens to be palatial, and the home is exempt.  If we are talking about holding people accountable for their conduct, why would we let this kind of thing happen? If the average mother, fresh from a divorce and trying to raise kids, has to scrape together the pennies and dollars she has in savings and declare them as assets and put them on the table to be taken by creditors, why shouldn't the wealthiest among us be held to the same standards and not able to exempt estates and ranches and mansions? It seems to make sense, doesn't it? It certainly does not for those who are arguing for passage of this bill.  This amendment we proposed would have closed a major loophole in the bankruptcy law: a homestead exemption where a person gets to hide from a bankruptcy court the value of their home. It is different in every State. In Illinois, it is $7,500. You cannot buy much of a home in my State for that amount. In other States, it is a lot more. Florida and Texas have no caps whatsoever. In a State such as Texas, wealthy debtors are able to file for bankruptcy and keep their mansions. Is it fair? Absolutely not. If we are looking for real reform in bankruptcy, why haven't we addressed this? Keeping a home worth several hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not millions, out of bankruptcy is a ruse; it is a fraud.  I voted in support of Senator Kohl's amendment to close this loophole. He placed a hard cap on unlimited State homestead exemptions.  Unfortunately, the conference report guts this reform to permit debtors to avoid any Federal homestead cap. Thus, in States such as Florida and Texas, a homeowner who has equity inher home that existed prior to the 2-year cut-off can keep all the equity, even if the home is valued in the millions of dollars. This provision only benefits the wealthiest people in America, and this loophole is unacceptable.  When we consider that the average income of people who file for bankruptcy in America is under $30,000 a year, why in the world would we pass a bill which allows folks who are millionaires to literally protect their assets and not provide protection for the women and children who are most vulnerable going into bankruptcy court because of a lost job, a divorce, or medical bills?  That just tells us what this bill is about. It tells us why so many people are so anxious to see it pass. They want to protect the wealthiest in our society, and they do not care much about those who are on the other end.  Also, the bill we have before us today fails to include an amendment by my colleague, Senator Schumer, known as the clinic violence amendment. This Chamber is well aware that the Schumer amendment prevented documented abuse of the bankruptcy system by those who violated the FACE Act or an equivalent State law. The Senate overwhelmingly passed the Schumer amendment 80-17. There is no reason not to include it in this bill.  By failing to include the Schumer amendment, the bill allows many perpetrators of health clinic violence to seek shelter in the Nation's bankruptcy courts.  By failing to include the Schumer clinic violence amendment, this bill says if someone injures or even kills someone outside an abortion clinic or other health care clinic, they can hide under the bankruptcy code and have their debts discharged under chapter 13 bankruptcy. Student loans are not even dischargeable under chapter 13.  Why would we allow perpetrators of this violence to usurp our clinic protection laws by feigning bankruptcy? The amendment says, no, we will not.  This Senate voted in favor of it. No matter what your position on the issue of abortion, I am sure my colleagues will again agree, as they did on a vote of 80-17, that perpetrators of clinic violence should not be permitted to circumvent our clinic protection laws. Failing to include the Schumer amendment that has strong bipartisan support does not make sense. It is not balanced.  So there is no mistake and the record is clear, I support and I am committed to bankruptcy reform. I have heard from many groups and my constituencies in Illinois urging opposition to this bill.  Labor organizations, representing a lot of working men and women across this country, middle-income workers from virtually every type of trade and background, have come out in opposition to the bill. NARAL, the National Partnership for Women and Children, the leadership Conference on Civil Rights, the Religious Action Center, the Consumers Union, the Bankruptcy Center in Illinois, and the 116 nonpartisan law professors I mentioned earlier have all urged Members of the Senate to vote against it. They are right. We should leave it and work together in the 107th Congress for a much more balanced approach.  Yesterday, I received a letter from the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers urging Congress to oppose the bill. Its press release out of Chicago as of yesterday says:       The Nation's top divorce and matrimonial attorneys called      today for Congress not to approve a little-debated, but      heavily lobbied bankruptcy provision currently pending final      approval in the lame duck session of Congress, that would      take monies away from child support payments for credit card      debts when individuals declare bankruptcy.       ``Children should come before credit card companies,'' said      Charles C. Shainberg of Philadelphia, the Academy's new      president.       The provision, part of H.R. 2415, and which has quietly      passed both the House and Senate, affects Federal bankruptcy      filings. Under Chapter 13 filings, a common form of      individual bankruptcy, the individual works out a court-     approved payment program to pay down debt. However, currently      child support and alimony have priority status, meaning that      all child support and alimony need to be paid before credit      card companies can collect their debts.       Under this new bill--  Which we are currently debating--     the deferral or relief from credit card payments, technically      known as their dischargeability, would be limited, so that      children and credit card payments would have the same      priority and payments would be split between [a child and a      MasterCard.]       There currently are some 1.4 million bankruptcy filings in      the United States each year, and more are expected if an      anticipated cooling of the economy occurs.       The bill is backed primarily by Republicans and some      Democrats [as the vote showed yesterday]. President Clinton      has said he will veto the bill, but it is unclear from the      election results what will happen under a new administration.  Continuing to quote:       ``The way for the credit card companies to improve their      receivables is to limit the millions of cards they offer to      poor credit risks, not take money from women and children,''      said Linda Lea Viken of Rapid City, S.D., who chairs the      Academy's Federalization of Family Law Committee.       Another problem presented by the bill, Academy attorneys      say, is that past due child support payments and alimony are      not dischargeable, so the person who has to make credit card      payments in addition to alimony and child support will keep      falling farther and farther behind in his or her total      payments, eventually resulting in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy      filing, or total insolvency.       The American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers is comprised of      the nation's top 1,500 matrimonial attorneys who are      recognized experts in the specialized field of matrimonial      law, including divorce, prenuptial agreements, legal      separation, annulment, custody, property valuation and      division, support and the rights of unmarried cohabitors.       The purpose of the Academy is to encourage the study,      improve the practice, elevate the standards and advance the      cause of matrimonial law.  Yesterday, this letter arrived and made it clear to me that this bill has problems that will be felt not by credit card companies but by a lot of people in very tragic circumstances for a long time to come.  Before I yield the floor, I want to mention something curious that has happened.  The Administrative Office of the United States Courts recently released its statistics regarding bankruptcy filings for the fiscal year 2000 that ended September 30 of this year. They report that bankruptcy filings continue to decline. Personal bankruptcy filings were down 6.8 percent from the 1,354,376 bankruptcy filings for fiscal year 1999. For businesses, filings were down 6.6 percent.  This is great news for the American people--creditors and debtors alike. As the University of Maryland's Department of Economics notes in their recent study:       Not only have personal bankruptcies stopped their explosive      growth, but the trend has reversed, and the U.S. per capita      bankruptcy rate is actually lower than it was at the time      that the bankruptcy bill was introduced.  I said it before, and I will say it again: I support balanced bankruptcy reform. But the momentum and impetus behind this reform was the complaints of the credit industry that so many people were filing for bankruptcy. It was a curiosity, when they came with this complaint, we were in the midst of the largest economic expansion in the history of this country. You would wonder, if we are doing better as a nation, why are more people filing for bankruptcy?  I am not sure it is the right answer, but it is the one that may be right. People tend to believe, in good times, there will never be bad times. They overextend themselves. They see their neighbors doing well and buying things, and they may want to join them, when they should think twice, and then they find themselves in bankruptcy court.  When the national mood starts to change, people worry a little about the economy. They take care in terms of their credit responsibilities and their credit obligations. That may account for this decline in the filing of bankruptcies. It certainly should give pause to those who think this is an emergency measure which should be considered by a lame duck Congress.  I believe any serious reform must be balanced and take into consideration the people behind all the statistics.  Unfortunately, the bankruptcy bill before us today--the one masquerading as a so-called State Department authorization conference report--falls short of the Senate effort. The bankruptcy bill before us today, like its predecessor in the 105th Congress, has been decimated in a partisan conference. This bill should meet the same fate as that earlier bill.  I will oppose this report and urge my colleagues to do the same.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burns). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  