President, I commend my colleague from the State of Wisconsin. He is a person of principle. He comes to the floor of the Senate and reminds Members, whether in support of or in opposition to the death penalty, it is fundamental to the American system of justice that we insist on fairness.  In my State of Illinois, some 13 people who were on death row preparing to be executed by the State of Illinois were found by scientific testing to be innocent and were released. Because of that, the Governor of our State, a Republican, George Ryan, made what I consider to be an important and courageous decision. He suspended the death penalty in my home State of Illinois.  The Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. Feingold, reminds Members that the experience in Illinois is not unique. In State after State, we have found people who have been called to justice and have received virtually no representation before the court of law. In the most serious possible cases under our system of justice, these men have been sentenced to death. In many cases,that sentence was carried out with inadequate defense and representation.  For example, I think the decision by Governor Bush of Texas to at least suspend the execution of an individual for 30 days while DNA testing is underway is a thoughtful decision. I commend him for that. The State of Texas, I believe, leads the Nation in the number of executions, and the State of Texas has no public defender system. So in the State of Texas, if you are a criminal defendant facing a capital crime which could result in execution, it is literally a gamble, a crapshoot as to the person who will represent you to defend your life.  In cases that have been cited by Senator Feingold, some of the most incompetent attorneys in America have been assigned this responsibility. In our State of Illinois, we found these attorneys to be not well versed in law; we found them to be lazy; we found them to be derelict in their duty, and in some cases, a person's life was at stake.  Again, I commend my colleague from the State of Wisconsin for his statement. It is a reminder to all, whether we support the death penalty--as I do--or we oppose it, that we in this country believe in a system that is based on fairness and justice.  I have introduced legislation to give to all Federal prisoners who were subjected to capital punishment the same right for DNA testing that exists in my State of Illinois. There are similar bills introduced by my colleagues. I hope that all, conservative and liberals alike, Democrats and Republicans, will at least adhere to the basic standard of justice when it comes to cases of this seriousness and this magnitude.  