Most people would agree that the Governor of Texas has limited personal exposure and experience when it comes to foreign policy issues. That does not mean he is disqualified. There have been Presidents who have been Governors. But we have to judge him on what he has said.  His suggestion of the withdrawal of troops in some parts of the world raises serious questions as to whether or not he has considered the consequences. The United States made a commitment, for example, in Europe after World War II to stop the spread of communism. It cost the American peopletrillions of dollars. It paid off: 250 years later, communism is virtually wiped off the map and these countries, the Balkans and eastern European countries, now enjoy democracy and freedom.  There was only one country in the world that could do that, and that was the United States. We have military skill, the great men and women in uniform, and we have a reputation of involving ourselves in foreign policy--not to come away with any property or treasure; we are there to try to promote the ideals and values of our country.  So when Governor Bush suggests withdrawing troops in some parts of the world, you have to wonder, has he really reflected on this? Has he taken the time to try to measure why he would change policies that even his father supported, perhaps President Reagan supported, and now he wants to change these policies and approaches?  This is an important element. Thank goodness we live in a world that is generally at peace, but it is a dangerous world that at any moment can flare up. We need leadership in the White House that understands the consequences of its actions.  I salute the Senator from California. What we are seeing happen today in North Korea--where they are finally talking to us; they are finally agreeing to perhaps end the missile testing--is a very positive development. It is only because the United States made a commitment in South Korea with the lives of our service men and women and then kept troops there to protect it that we have reached that point today.  