What the Republicans suggest is they end the marriage penalty. We know there are somewhere between 62 and 67 provisions in the Tax Code that penalize a couple when they are married and have a higher joint income. We on the Democratic side address every single one of those penalties and remove them for those who are truly penalized. The Republicans, unfortunately, only addressed three of them. They leave all the other taxes on this married couple. So they not only don't solve the problem, they create a new problem by taking the surplus away for people who are not being prejudiced by being married, and they don't address it in a comprehensive way.  President Clinton should veto this bill, and in vetoing it send it back to Congress and say if it is your goal to eliminate the marriage penalty, do it in an honest way; do it in a complete way. What we had before us yesterday was very incomplete and, I am afraid, not a very direct way of dealing with this problem.  Take a look, if you will, at the impact of the Republican marriage penalty tax cut by income because I am going to return to this theme in just a moment. If you take a look at who will benefit from the Republican tax relief plan, you will find that, as usual, those who are in the richest fifth, top 20 percent of wage earners in America, receive 78.3 percent of all benefits under this Republican tax relief. In fact, the top 5 percent of wage earners receive 25.7 percent of all of this tax relief. This, unfortunately, has become a recurring theme when the issue of tax relief comes before the Republican-controlled Senate. Time and again they believe the people who are best off in this country, the people who are doing well, are the ones who need a helping hand.  Many of us come from States and communities where the folks who are making a lot of money are doing very well. They are very comfortable. They have had a very profitable time for the last 7 or 8 years of the Clinton administration. We have seen dramatic increases in the Dow Jones, the NASDAQ. When President Clinton was sworn into office as President, the Dow Jones was about 3,000 or 3,300. Today it is over 10,000. The value of those stocks has more than tripled. In the same period of time, the NASDAQ indicators went up from about 800 when the President was sworn in to around 5,000 today.  There is a suggestion there for everyone that if you happen to be invested with savings accounts and retirement accounts in the stock market, you have had a pretty good time of it over the last 7 or 8 years. I am glad that has happened, and I am happy for all the families who profited and businesses and retirement funds that have seen better times because of this improvement.  It strikes me as strange, if not odd, that when we talk about tax relief then, the Republicans seem to want to focus on the people who have really done the very best in income and net worth over the last 10 years.  Take a look at this chart of Republican tax breaks under both the estate tax reform and the marriage tax penalty reform, and you will find again a dramatic difference in the money that is available. For those in the lowest 20 percent--these are people making the minimum wage or slightly more--the Republican idea of tax relief turns out to be $24 a year in reduced taxes, about $2 a month.  Now go up to the top 1 percent, people making over $300,000 a year, and the Republican idea of tax relief is $23,000, almost $2,000 a month. I suggest that anyone making $300,000--which, if my quick calculations are correct, comes out to about $25,000 a month in income--may not notice $2,000 a month. I guarantee the people at the lowest end who are struggling at minimum wage jobs are not going to notice $2 a month.  It is far more important for us, when we talk about real tax relief, to keep our eyes on those in the lower- and middle-income groups who are struggling mightily to do well in this economy. They have had some help. The economy is doing well, but they could use some tax relief, and if we are going to take the surplus of the United States and give it to families across America, should we start at the top? Should we start with the wealthiest or should we start basically with the lower- and middle-income families who really need it?  Take a look at this chart, too. This chart summarizes it. It shows the Republican tax plans we have debated over the last 2 weeks, and the impact it has, as I described on previous charts. The top 1 percent of people making over $319,000 a year, people with an average income of $915,000, receive a $23,000 tax break, which represents 43 percent of all of the tax relief that was included in those bills. We are taking the surplus generated in our economy for tax relief and 43 percent of it goes to people who have an average income of $915,000 a year.  There is a better way to do it. I hope the President vetoes the estate tax bill and the marriage tax penalty bill suggested by the Republicans because these bills are fundamentally unfair. That we would give tax breaks to the wealthiest among us and ignore families who work hard every single day is not fair.  If we are going to start a line of people most deserving of assistance inAmerica, I hardly believe we should start that line with Donald Trump and Bill Gates and folks who are making millions and millions of dollars. Better yet, let us try to bring to the front of that line those who are struggling every single day with the basic challenges that American families face.  Tax cuts should be directed. First and foremost, we need a prescription drug benefit. We just had an interesting debate. Pharmaceutical companies cannot be too happy with this debate because we said on a bipartisan basis that we are so upset with drug pricing in America that we are now going to allow companies, pharmacists, and distributors to import drugs from overseas at lower prices so they can sell them to Americans. These are drugs that are basically made and inspected in America, sent to foreign countries, and sold at a fraction of the price.  It happens in Canada. It happens in Europe. It happens in Mexico. We all know the story. People are getting in buses in some States and driving across the border to Canada to buy American drugs at a fraction of the cost.  The Senate said there has to be a better way. Absent addressing this problem of pricing drugs head on, we are going to allow the reimportation of these American drugs that have been made in inspected laboratories into the United States so that they can be sold to Americans at a reduced cost. I guess it is obvious from this vote that we know families are suffering because of drug prices, and yet before we have enacted any kind of a prescription drug benefit under Medicare, the Republicans have insisted we spend half of our anticipated surplus in tax breaks for the wealthiest in America.  It makes more sense to me to create a prescription drug benefit under Medicare, a universal guaranteed drug benefit accessible to every American who chooses to be part of it, one that allows a doctor to prescribe a drug that a person needs to stay strong and healthy in their home for as long as they want to be and be able to pay for the drug.  I have seen cases in Illinois and certainly in hearings across the country and in this city have heard from people who are struggling to pay for prescription drugs. That is the highest priority we should deal with, and we should do it before we break for the August conventions so that both parties can go to their conventions and say: We did something for the families across America. For those who are concerned about the elderly and disabled who are stuck with high drug prices, we did something for fathers and grandfathers, mothers and grandmothers, who really cannot afford the drugs their doctors prescribe.  We did not do that. Instead, we decided people with an average income of $915,000 a year need an additional $23,000 in tax breaks from the Republicans. I will bet a nickel there is not a person making $915,000 a year who cannot afford prescription drugs. These people know how to pay for virtually everything if they are making that much money, and we gave them more money.  Before we directed our attention to those who were struggling to get by on fixed incomes--people on Social Security taking home a check of $800 or $1,200 a month looking at drug bills of $200, $500, $600--we learned from a public hearing in Chicago of a woman who had gone through a double lung transplant. It was a miracle she stood there before us and looked very healthy. Years after that transplant, she still worried because she needed to take immunosuppressant drugs that cost over $2,000 a month. There was no way on her fixed income she could afford it.  Frankly, if she stopped taking them, she could have irreversible lung damage. She faced that prospect, she made that decision, she stopped taking the drugs for a period of months because she could not afford them, and did face irreversible lung damage. She got back on the welfare rolls long enough to resume prescriptions and living month to month trying to afford the drug she needed to stay alive. That is a real story of a person whose income is little more than $12,000 a year who literally worries from month to month as to whether or not they will be able to buy the drugs to keep them alive.  Did we remember that lady when we talked about tax relief here? No. We focused 43 percent of our attention and 43 percent of our surplus on people making over $300,000 a year, people making $915,000 average income. For those in the category above them, $130,000 to $319,000, we gave them another 14 percent of the surplus as well.  There is another group we forget, and when we had an opportunity to vote for an amendment, unfortunately, we could not muster a majority to support them: families who are paying for college education expenses for their kids.  We believe--the Clinton administration and Democrats believe--that families who want to put their kids through school should be able to deduct their college education expenses up to $12,000. It means a helping hand from the Government in the range of $3,000 a year. Most families would welcome that so they could pay the tuition expenses and the room and board for the kids who finally are accepted at good colleges and universities. It is a strain for a lot of families, and a lot of kids go deeply into debt to pay for college.  We believe tax relief should be directed to those families so they can send their kids to college. We brought it up for a vote, and it was rejected by the Republican side. That is not their idea of tax relief. Their idea of tax relief is $23,000 a year in tax breaks for people making over $900,000 a year.  We wanted to address another problem. What about day care? So many working families worry about where their kids are going to be during the course of a day--whether they will be in a place that is safe, clean, and healthy, someplace where a child might have a chance to learn--and they struggle to find that place they can afford. Day care is a real human, family problem. We came up with a proposal to increase the credit that a family can claim for the cost of day care.  