President, when I finished speaking, the Senator from Arizona came to the floor and said it is unseemly that we would be discussing the Presidential race. The race has been discussed by Senators on both sides of the aisle, as it should be. There is no more important decision to be made by the American people than the choice of the President of the United States, and that choice will determine what this body considers for the next 4 years.  Frankly, we ought to reflect on what has happened with this Republican-led Congress. If you take a look at the fact that we are approaching the Halloween holiday, in that spirit we might consider the fact that Congress has become ``Sleepy Hollow,'' the final resting place for priorities of American families.  Take a look at the list of things that have been offered by the Democratic side but have not been acted upon by the Republican side: A real Patients' Bill of Rights. When you go to a doctor, who should make the decision; a doctor or insurance company clerk? That is an easy choice for me. I want the doctor to make the call. When we tried to pass that bill in the Senate, the Republicans defeated us.  Prescription drug coverage under Medicare: Not one of these convoluted schemes we just heard described that would somehow give prescription drugs to the States for 4 years, take it back, give it to the insurance companies--we know how it should work. Medicare has been on the books for 35 years. It is proven. It is universal.  Frankly, we think all seniors and disabled in that category should be able to make the choice themselves, voluntarily, whether or not they want the benefit under Medicare. The Republicans do not care for Medicare. They called it socialized medicine when the Democrats proposed it and, frankly, they are still criticizing it, doing little to help that system.  Most Americans know how valuable Medicare has been to their families. We think a prescription drug benefit under Medicare should be the law. The Republicans and pharmaceutical interests have stopped us.  We also believe in an increase in the minimum wage. Ten million Americans went to work this morning for $5.15 an hour, and they are not just kids in their first jobs. Over half of them are women and many of them are raising children and trying to eke out a living at $5.15 an hour. We used to give them a periodic increase in the minimumwage without even debate, but the Republicans now think this is unacceptable; that we cannot give a minimum wage increase without lording billions of dollars in tax breaks on businesses. For goodness' sake, give these people--400,000 of them in Illinois--an increase in the minimum wage of at least 50 cents an hour for the next 2 years. That bill has not passed, and the Republican Congress has had ample opportunity to address it.  We believe on the Democratic side we need tax cuts; use the surplus for tax cuts for families for the deductibility of college education expenses. That is a concern I hear from families as soon as the baby is born. How are we going to pay for this kid's education? When you see the cost of education going up over a 20-year period of time, from the time that child was born until they will be in school--it goes up 200 percent, 400 percent--people ask: How can we possibly do this?  On the Democratic side, we want to give the families deductibility of tuition and fees to help them pay for college. The Republicans oppose it. We support it. That is the difference. When we offered it, they stopped us.  Also, we are talking about education funds to improve our Nation's schools, to reduce class size. This does not take a Ph.D. in education to understand. If you were a teacher, would you rather walk in on the first day and see a classroom with 30 kids or 15 kids? Are you more likely able to help a struggling student if there are 15 children in the classroom or 30? It is not rocket science. It does not take a Ph.D.  We on the Democratic side believe reducing class size is the first step to helping kids from falling behind and helping those better students get a little more attention.  We also believe we ought to be supporting afterschool programs for students. Letting kids go now at 3 o'clock is just a gamble because very few of them have parents at home. They do not have Ozzie and Harriet waiting with cookies and milk anymore. They are by themselves.  Some do pretty well, but a lot of them do not. We think afterschool programs, supervised, so kids have a chance to maybe catch up on their school subjects, maybe appreciate the arts a little more, maybe become better on a computer, or even just play some basketball, makes some sense as long as there is supervision. We support afterschool programs and fought the Republicans every step of the way trying to put this valuable money back into education.  We also believe in commonsense gun safety legislation. The No. 1 story in 1999 in the news was the Columbine tragedy. What has America done to keep guns out of the hands of children and criminals? Congress has done nothing. Nothing.  The National Rifle Association and its leader, ``Mr. Moses,'' have decided we are not going to do anything to keep guns out of the hands of children and criminals, and that is criminal. The Republican-led Congress should be held accountable for that.  If you have an aging parent or grandparent, the Democrats believe you should have a tax break to help pay for their care.  How many folks and families do you know worried about that aging parent and how their last years are going to be? They need a helping hand. We support it, as we support increased targeted tax cuts to help people pay for day care, so kids can be left in a healthy, safe environment and families can afford to pay for it. Stay-at-home moms, who sacrifice for their kids, should get a tax break, too. They are making a sacrifice that will enhance that child's future. We should invest in them as well.  When it comes to these myriad issues I have just given you, these are the issues with which working families, middle-income families, and single people as well can identify. Yet we have had no help whatsoever on the Republican side of the aisle. The Republican Congress has failed to address the basic issues of education and health care, taxes that are reduced and targeted tax cuts and credits for families who really need them, prescription drug coverage under Medicare, and a Patients' Bill of Rights.  We came to this Congress with all kinds of lofty goals. We are leaving now, unfortunately, with appropriations bills as large as the Washington, DC, telephone book, scarcely read, that serve too many special interests and too few families across this country.  