 Let me close by addressing another critically important amendment which is not being allowed with this bill. It is one of which I am a cosponsor with Senators Kennedy and Jack Reed of Rhode Island and Harry Reid of Nevada. It is entitled the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act. There are many issues which come to the floor of the Senate, but there are few that enjoy the endorsement and support of both the AFL-CIO and the national Chamber of Commerce. This bill is one of them.  What we wanted to propose as an amendment was a change in our immigration laws to deal with some issues that are truly unfair. While we look to address the needs of the tech industry, we should not do it with blinders on. There are many other sectors of this robust economy--perhaps not as glamorous as the latest ``dot-com'' company but still very much in need of able and energetic workers--that have difficulty finding workers they need in the domestic workforce. Oddly enough, many of these workers are already here. They are on the job. They are raising families. They are contributing to their communities. They are paying taxes. But they are reluctant to step forward.  I am speaking now of immigrants who come to this country in search of a better life. Many immigrants left their homelands against their will. They left because of the appallingly brutal conditions they encountered, whether at the hands of despotic Central American death squads or in the chaotic collapse of much of Eastern Europe. To stay there in those countries meant death for themselves and their families.  I am reminded of those immortal words of Emma Lazarus on our Statue of Liberty: Give me your tired, your poor.  Maybe some of these immigrants are tired. Who could blame them? Many of them are poor. I can tell you this: Whether people come from other lands to work in high-tech jobs, as the H-1B visa bill addresses, or clean the offices, wash the dishes, care for our children, care for our grandparents and parents in nursing homes, these are some of the hardest working people you will ever see. As Jesse Jackson said in a great speech at the San Francisco Democratic Convention: They get up and go to work every single day.  Here they are in this new land, looking to make the best new start they possibly can. But for many of these immigrants, we require them to make that effort with one hand, and maybe even both hands, tied behind their backs. I am afraid our current immigration laws are so cumbersome, so complex, and so inherently unfair that thousands of immigrants to this country are afraid to become fully integrated into the workforce, afraid because our laws, our regulations, and sometimes the unpredictable policies of the INS have created a climate of uncertainty and fear.  Employers are looking for workers. The workers are looking for jobs. But they are afraid to step forward. There are thousands upon thousands of people in this country, this great country of ours, who are being treated unfairly--people who have lived here now for years, sometimes decades, but are still forced to live in the shadows, where they are loathe to get a Social Security number, respond to a census form, or open a bank account. People who are an essential component of this thriving economy--everybody knows this. People who are doing jobs that most other people simply do not want to do. Yet we refuse them the basic rights and the opportunities that should belong to all of us.  There is no other way to say it: This is simply a matter of an unfair system, created by our own hands here on Capitol Hill, that is ruining lives, tearing families apart, and keeping too many people in poverty and fear. We have the means at hand to change this. With an amendment to this bill, we can rally the forces in the Senate to change the immigration laws and make them fairer. My good colleagues, Senators Kennedy and Reed, and I have made a vigorous effort to bring these issues to the floor. We have been stopped at every turn in the road. We want to have a vote on the bill, the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act.  I can't go back to my constituents in Illinois and tell them, yes, we made it easy to bring in thousands of high-tech workers because Silicon Valley had their representatives walking through the Halls of Congress and on the floor of the Senate and the House, but we couldn't address your needs because you couldn't afford a well paid lobbyist. No, we have to do the very best we can to be fair to all. That is a message that will inspire confidence in the work we do in the Senate.  Let me tell you briefly what this bill does. This bill, the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act, supported by both organized labor and the Chamber of Commerce, establishes parity; that is, equal treatment for immigrants from Central America and, I would add, from some other countries, such as Liberia, where Senator Reed of Rhode Island has told us that literally thousands of Liberians who fled that country in fear of their lives, by October 1 may be forced to return to perilous circumstances unless we change the law; where those who have come from Haiti, Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, Eastern Europe, and other countries, who are here because of their refugee status seeking asylum, may see the end of that status come because the Congress failed to act. We will have their future in our hands and in our hearts. I hope the Senate and Congress can respond by passing this reform legislation.  We also have decided, since 1921, from time to time to give those who havebeen in the United States for a period of time, sometimes 14 years, and have established themselves in the community, have good jobs, have started families, pay their taxes, don't commit crime, do things that are important for America--to give them a chance to apply for citizenship. It is known as registry status. The last registry status that we enacted was in 1986, dating back to 1972. We think this should be reenacted and updated so there will be an opportunity for another generation.  Finally, restoring section 245(i) of the Immigration Act, a provision of the immigration law that sensibly allowed people in the United States who were on the verge of gaining their immigration status to remain here while completing the process. This upside down idea has to be changed--that people have to return to their country of birth while they wait for the final months of the INS decision process on becoming a citizen. It is terrible to tear these families apart and to impose this financial burden on them.  I hope we will pass as part of H-1B visa this Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act. It really speaks to what we are all about in the Congress, the House of Representatives and the Senate.  Many people have said they are compassionate in this political campaign. There are many tests of compassion as far as I am concerned. Some of these tests might come down to what you are willing to vote for. I think the test of compassion for thousands of families ensnared in the bureaucratic tangle of the INS is not in hollow campaign promises. The test of compassion for thousands from El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Haiti refugees asking for equal treatment is not in being able to speak a few words of Spanish. The test of compassion for hard-working people in our country who are forced to leave their families to comply with INS requirements is not whether a public official is willing to pose for a picture with people of color.  The test is whether you are willing to actively support legislation that brings real fairness to our immigration laws. That is why I am a cosponsor of this effort for the 6 million immigrants in the U.S. who are not yet citizens, who are only asking for a chance to have their ability to reach out for the American dream, a chance which so many of us have had in the past.  These immigrants add about $10 billion each year to the U.S. economy and pay at least $133 billion in taxes, according to a 1998 study. Immigrants pay $25 billion to $30 billion more in taxes each year than they receive in public services. Immigrant businesses are a source of substantial economic and fiscal gain for the U.S. citizenry, adding at least another $29 billion to the total amount of taxes paid.  In a study of real hourly earnings of illegal immigrants between 1988, when they were undocumented, and 1992 when legalized, showed that real hourly earnings increased by 15 percent for men and 21 percent for women. Many of these hard-working people are being exploited because they are not allowed to achieve legal status. The state of the situation on the floor of the Senate is that we are giving speeches instead of offering amendments. It is a sad commentary on this great body that has deliberated some of the most important issues facing America.  Those watching this debate who are witnessing this proceeding in the Senate Chamber must wonder why the Senate isn't filled with Members on both sides of the aisle actively debating the important issues of education and training and reform of our immigration laws. Sadly, this is nothing new. For the past year, this Congress has done little or nothing.  When we see all of the agenda items before us, whether it is education, dealing with health care, a prescription drug benefit under Medicare, the Patients' Bill of Rights for individuals and families to be treated fairly by health insurance companies, this Congress has fallen down time and time again. It is a sad commentary when men and women have been entrusted with the responsibility and the opportunity and have not risen to the challenge. This bill pending today is further evidence that this Congress is not willing to grapple with the important issues that America's families really care about.  I yield the floor.  