President, why do we test? We test so we can justify the taxpayers of America the expenditure of their hard-earned money in the defense of our country, to make certain that the expenditure is made in a way that we can stand and be proud of it.  Secondly, we test to make sure that whatever we are building in the defense of this country will work. That is all this amendment is about. It is to make certain if the national missile defense is to go forward and to provide assurance to American families not only now but for years to come, it is because we have a missile defense system that will work.  We have heard from a variety of different experts that the question of countermeasures is a critically important question. In the language of this amendment, we are asking the Secretary of Defense to come forward and give us guidance as to what the state of countermeasures might be in the world and to judge whether or not our missile defense system can deal with those countermeasures and whether we are testing to make certain that that happens. That is the bottom line.  The response from the Senator from Virginia, and virtually every Senator who has spoken, is the understanding that what we are asking for in this amendment is reasonably calculated to ensure that any missile defense system, in fact, gives us a real sense of security and not a false sense of security.  This amendment is not intended to derail the national missile defense system. It is intended to make certain that the system, if America comes to rely on it for national defense, actually works.  In years gone by, when we hurried along the testing process, we have had some sorry results. The B-1 bomber went into production in the late 1970s and wasn't fully integrated into flying units for 24 years. There were major problems with avionics, the engines,and the defensive stealth configuration that costs literally hundreds of millions of dollars. Adequate testing did not take place before money was spent on a system that was not capable of meeting the need of our national defense. Let us not allow that to happen when it comes to something as critical as our national missile defense system.  I thank the Senator from Virginia for his patience this evening. I hope he believes, as I do, that this valuable debate will not only help the Senate but the country on this very important issue in a much more complete fashion. I thank the Senator.  