President, I thank the Senator from Massachusetts because I think he has made his case convincingly that there are many things we have failed to do in this Congress which mean a lot to the American people.  Take a look at the inaction of the Republican-controlled Congress on so many issues that are really life-and-death, day-to-day issues that families across America expect us to lead on, such as the issue of commonsense gun safety; 30,000 American lives were lost to gun violence in 1999. We lose 12 children every single day in America. As many children are dying in America because of gun violence every day as were lost at Columbine High School. It is a reminder that we have a situation with gun violence that is unprecedented in the history of the world. The obvious conclusion from the Republican leadership is, there is nothing we can do or want to do to change it.  We believe, on the Democratic side, that commonsense gun safety is something we should enact, and do it very quickly. We passed a bill here on the floor of the Senate. It had a tie vote of 49-49. Vice President Al Gore cast the deciding vote. We sent it over to the House of Representatives. In 2 or 3 weeks, the gun lobby tore it to pieces. They sent it to a conference committee. For over 1 solid year, that bill has been stuck in a conference committee because the Republican leadership is unwilling to bring forward any gun safety legislation. Yet we see these statistics where literally thousands of Americans are victims of gun violence.  In my State of Illinois, in the city of Chicago, there are now gathering together summit conferences of leaders from communities because of the unprecedented killings which are taking place--particularly of our children--with drive-by shootings. Children are being killed while lying in bed or sitting on the front porch with their parents. It is becoming too commonplace. The obvious attitude of the Republican leadership is, there is nothing they are willing to do to even try to address it.  We think if you buy a gun at a gun show, you should go through the same background check as a person who buys a gun from a gun dealer. We want to know if you have a history of violent mental illness. We want to know if you have committed a violent felony in the past. We want to know if you have a history of the kind of activity that has required an injunction to protect someone against domestic violence. We think it is only fair and just that we ask people who want to exercise their rights under the second amendment to accept the inconvenience of a few questions being asked. Yet the Republicans apparently disagree. They refuse to move any gun safety legislation.  As to the Patients' Bill of Rights, which Senator Kennedy addresses, every day 14,000 Americans are denied their needed medicines; 10,000 are denied their needed tests and procedures. You know the stories. You know that in your hometown convenience store there is a little canister which says, can you leave your change for this little girl, who needs a certain medical treatment, which is even denied by her insurance company, for which she has no insurance. That is a reality for a lot of families who are struggling to pay for expensive medical care. It is the reality of many of these families who turn to these insurance companies. These companies say: No, it is not one of our recommended procedures; your doctor is just going to have to be told no. I have talked to those doctors who have said to mothers and fathers what their child needs, and then they turn around and find an insurance company overruling them.  We think patients in this country should come first, that quality medical care should be in the hands of professionals and not in the hands of insurance company clerks.  More than 11 million Americans have been denied an increase in the minimum wage for over 2 years. In Illinois, 350,000 people got up and went to work this morning for $5.15 an hour. These are not lazy people. These are hard-working people who are asking this Congress to keep them in mind as we give tax breaks to wealthy people, to keep them in mind as we approve congressional salaries for those of us who serve in the House and Senate. But no, the Republican leadership has told us we have no time to consider an increase in the minimum wage.  Of course, the prescription drug benefit under Medicare--13 million seniors in America have no prescription coverage.  I met a woman in Chicago who had a double lung transplant. Her medical bills are $2,500 a month for the drugs she needs so her body will not reject these lungs. She can't afford it. She has to turn to welfare and to Medicare. She lives in a basement with her children because, frankly, she has no income, no resources. She has had times when she didn't have the money to fill her prescription, and she has suffered irreversible lung damage every time that has happened. That is her life every single day.  That is what it means to be poor in America--or, even those with Social Security checks who do not think themselves to be poor and able to afford prescription drugs.  Yet when we propose a plan that offers guaranteed universal coverage under Medicare for prescription drugs, the Republican leadership says: No, we think we ought to turn to these same insurance companies that have treated us so well--I use that term advisedly--under our HMO and managed-care system and ask them to give prescription drug benefits, the same insurance companies that have been cutting people off when it comes to HMO supplemental policies under Medicare.  Over 1 million Americans have been cut off, many in my State of Illinois. I don't trust the insurance companies to provide, out of the kindness of their hearts, prescription drug benefits. I think there should be guaranteed universal coverage under the Medicare system.  Another bill stopped by the Republican Congress is school modernization.  We should debate a bill that will allow us to increase the limits of immigrants coming into this country to provide those immigrants to fill highly-skilled jobs and good-paying jobs in this country that can't be filled with American workers. I think it is a reality. It is the No. 1 complaint of businesses that can't find skilled workers.  Yesterday, as I got on the plane in Springfield, IL, a fellow from a local company, Garrett Aviation, said: Let me tell you that my biggest problem in business is I can't find workers to fill the jobs.  The industries come to Congress and say: Allow us to have more people immigrate to the United States who can fill these jobs. I think it is a real problem. If we don't allow this immigration, some of those jobs and companies will go overseas.  But let's look at it in the long term. What are we doing to improve the workforce in America to make sure we have people who are skilled enough to fill these jobs and make these good incomes? Are we dedicating our money in our schools and in training to make this happen? I don't think so.  In the 1950s, we were afraid of the Russians. When they launched Sputnik with their advances in science, we passed the National Defense Education Act. We said: We are going to help kids across America pay for their college education. We believed that these kids, once trained, would make America strong so we would not have to worry about this threat from Russia.  I know about that program. I was one of the beneficiaries. I borrowed money from this Government to go to college and law school. I hope many people think that was a good investment. Some may not think so. I paid the money back. Shouldn't we do the samething again with a national security education act that says we want to train our workers for the future needs in America to make certain they can fill the jobs with Boeing Aircraft in St. Louis or Motorola in the Chicago area? We are not doing that.  This Congress won't address that. It won't address school modernization. It won't address the question of the deduction for college education expenses. It won't address the need to improve teacher skills. That is something we don't have time for on the agenda of this Congress.  Businesses across America look to us for leadership. Families across America expect us to create opportunities. Time and again, we have seen instead efforts by the Republicans in the Senate to give tax breaks to the wealthiest people in America and to ignore the realities facing our families. I think our agenda has to be an agenda closer to the real needs of America.  I yield the floor.  