President, section 3102 of the Agriculture appropriations bill does not address the production of food and fiber in America. It does not address any jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture. It is a provision which has been added to this bill which relates directly to hard rock mining in the United States, which is under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior.  I might say, parenthetically, I found it very interesting listening to this debate on the Ag appropriations bill, and considering some of the comments that have been made on the Senate floor in the past year about limiting the subject matter of amendments and the substance of legislation.  If we can consider an Amtrak amendment on the Ag appropriations bill, and if we can consider an amendment on hard rock mining on the Ag appropriations bill, then those who come before us and say we have to have purity in the amendments we are offering and considering on the bill should remember this particular debate.  I was surprised to find that a point of order on a motion to strike, based on that point of order, would not stand because of what I consider to be a very thin connection to some language in the House appropriations bill. But the Parliamentarian advised me of that. I understand that is going to be the rule of the day around here. I suppose that is what we will play by. I am sure each side will find an advantage and disadvantage associated with that interpretation.  Allow me to address the amendment before us, and to try to do it in a very concise way, knowing that everyone has waited a long time. I have waited for 8\1/2\ hours to offer this amendment.  Let me say at the outset, we are dealing with the hard rock mining industry. An effort is being made, with the language in this Agriculture appropriations bill, to stop the Department of the Interior from issuing new regulations to make sure that this industry follows the best practices to protect the taxpayers of this country and the environment.  To put it in perspective, just this May the Environmental Protection Agency released its Toxics Release Inventory report. It identified the hard rock mining industry in the United States as our Nation's largest toxic polluter.  The mining industry released 3.5 billion pounds of toxic pollution in 1998. I will repeat that. The mining industry released 3.5 billion pounds of toxic pollution in 1998. Almost half of all of the toxic pollution in America comes from this industry, which is being protected by this amendment in the Agriculture appropriations bill.  The U.S. Bureau of Mines has identified 12,000 miles of American streams and 180,000 acres of American lakes polluted by mining. The EPA has listed 27 hard rock mines as Superfund sites. It is time for us to update the 19-year-old regulations that protect public lands managed by the BLM from the environmental impact of hard rock mining.  These regulations, commonly referred to as 3809 regulations, help the BLM comply with Federal land policy. They direct the Secretary of the Interior to ``take any action necessary to prevent unnecessary or undue degradation on the federal lands.''  Since these regulations were first promulgated in 1981, the whole hard rock mining industry has changed in America. New technologies have allowed the industry to expand tenfold. New exploration techniques have resulted in capabilities unknown 20 years go. Larger excavation equipment allows ores to be mined from larger and deeper pits and has made open-pit mining feasible in areas where it would not have been feasible before.  Just as the mining industry has modernized, so too should the regulations that protect the environment and the taxpayers. Those who would put this amendment in this bill are stopping the modernization of those regulations designed to protect public lands, the environment, and the taxpayers.  As I explain one aspect of this, you will understand that the provision in this particular section of the Ag bill will result in literally hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions of dollars, of liability to the taxpayers of today and tomorrow.  The need to update these regulations has been recognized a long time. The BLM established a task force in 1989 to look them over. President Bush expected it to be done in short order, and it still has not happened.  There has been a steady stream of reports. This is, as best we can tell--thisrider introduced by Senators Murkowski and Craig--the fifth attempt in 4 years to block the Department of the Interior from implementing stronger environmental regulations on hard rock mining.  Last year, there was a compromise. The compromise said we are not just going to give this assignment to the Department of Interior. We are going to give it to a group, the National Research Council, that is associated with the National Academy of Sciences and ask them to come up with recommendations for new regulations on this industry to protect the environment. In fact, what this particular rider does, this environmental rider on this Ag bill, is to stop the implementation of most of the recommendations that came forward from the National Research Council.  Let me tell the Senate why we need stronger regulations. First, any group that starts to mine on these public lands usually has to post a bond. It is a financial assurance that their activities on these lands will not in any way destroy the environment, and that ultimately the land will be reclaimed and the stabilization and vegetation of the land will be restored. Sadly, in many instances, these hard rock mining companies will post bonds that are literally worthless, corporate bonds, for example, and when the company goes bankrupt, they are of no value or little value at all. I will give a few examples a little later on of where these bonds have failed us and we have found the taxpayers holding the bag.  Reclamation bonds are meant to ensure that companies do not declare bankruptcy and leave taxpayers responsible for the cleanup bill. The current bonding requirements don't work. In example after example, in Idaho, in Montana, in South Dakota, we find that these companies have gone bankrupt, the bonds don't cover the expenses, and the taxpayers end up holding the bag. The recommendation from the National Research Council, which I hold here, was that we change that assurance, that financial assurance to protect the taxpayers. This environmental rider stops that reform. It makes certain that the taxpayers don't have that protection.  A recent study by the National Wildlife Federation and the Center for Science and Public Participation found that American taxpayers are facing as much as $1.1 billion in liability for restoring hard rock mines in the Western U.S. because current reclamation bonding regulations are inadequate. In Nevada alone, as of 1999, 13 mines have gone bankrupt. As of May 2000, at least 29 mines are bankrupt. Most of these mines were bonded by corporate guarantees. Just one single mine, the Yerington mine, could cost American taxpayers up to $40 to $80 million to clean up. The effort to put real bonding requirements in the law to protect the taxpayers and the environment will be stopped by this environmental rider.  Also, there is a question of environmental performance standards. These standards have to be adjusted to reflect modern mining practices. Let me give an example. One technique that is now being used, heap leaching, is increasingly common. Millions of tons of ore are extracted and piled in heaps on lined pads often hundreds of feet high. This post illustrates what I am discussing. To give Senators an idea of what we are talking about, this is a hard rock mining site. To put it in perspective, we can barely see this tiny dot down here, a large over-the-road truck, to give an idea of the heaps of ore. Under the heap leaching process, a cyanide solution for gold or silver or sulfuric acid for copper is sprayed in open air over the pile so that ultimately it will leach the mineral from the ore. As I said earlier, it is this use of cyanide and sulfuric acid that has led to hard rock mining being the No. 1 toxic polluter in the United States of America.  The mining industry has released 3.5 billion pounds of toxic pollution in 1998. In addition, we have to say that many of these agencies, like BLM and the Forest Service, need to have the right to deny mining in highly sensitive areas, particularly areas that are adjacent to national forests, national parks, and populated areas where they can cause great damage.  Let me tell my colleagues about one particular mine as an example, the Zortman-Landusky mine in Montana. The Zortman-Landusky mine is located in the Little Rocky Mountains of north central Montana. ZL is an open-pit mine, one of the world's first large-scale cyanide heap leach gold mines and the largest gold mine in Montana when operations began in 1979. Lack of standards on pad construction allowed the company to overload its leach pads leading to cyanide releases in the nearby streams and potential health problems for the local communities. The Canadian Pacific company, Pegasus Gold, Incorporated, that owned the mine, went bankrupt in 1998. It left a bond to protect the damage it had created in the amount of $61.9 million. The actual cleanup cost for this site is estimated at approximately $70 million, leaving nearly $8.6 million to be picked up by the taxpayers.  I would like to read for you for a moment a comment not from an environmental group, not from some eastern group of tree huggers, if you will, but from the Daily Missoulian. This is an editorial, Sunday, August 29, 1999, Missoula, MT. Referring to this particular mine, in their editorial entitled ``Miners Offer Regulators Some Hard Lessons from Montana''--my friends, the Western States where these mines are located:       Pegasus' bankruptcy has been an eye-opening experience for      State regulators. Among the lessons learned:       It's a mistake to assume the companies that develop mines      will stay around--or even exist--when it comes time to clean      the mines up.       Reclamation plans that presume miners will reclaim their      own mines understate the actual cost when miners go out of      business or skip out. Everything becomes more expensive when      the state has to hire contractors for the work.  The third lesson directly impacts the environmental rider which we are considering on this bill:       Reclamation bonds required to insure cleanup may not be      worth as much as expected. At least some of the insurance      companies that issue reclamation bonds would rather fight      than pay, forcing the state to rack up legal expenses or      accept lesser settlements.  It goes on to say:       Look hard around the state [of Montana], and you won't find      a single example of a large-scale hard-rock mine successfully      reclaimed.       Taxpayers and the environment aren't the only losers when      the reclamation plants go awry. Miners haven't done their      industry any favors, either. Mining is controversial enough,      even when people focus on jobs and profits. Leaving citizens      in the State with big messes and big bills to pay after the      mines play out is a good way to wear out your welcome.  Incidentally, in this same Missoula, MT, editorial, they go on to praise the coal mining in the State which has modernized its practices and is considered more responsible by these editorial writers.  Because the hour is late, I will not go through the five or six examples that I have of mines in Idaho, in South Dakota, which have literally been abandoned because of bankruptcy, leaving the taxpayers holding the bag for millions, almost $1 billion in liability.  This environmental rider stops the Department from coming up with meaningful bonds. Quite honestly, it means that those who exploit public lands and leave an environmental mess behind and threats to the public health frankly make a fool out of Uncle Sam and American taxpayers. That is what this environmental rider does.  I say to my colleagues in the Senate, as I close, what I am offering in this amendment is as follows: We should give the Bureau of Land Management and the Department of the Interior the authority to promulgate rules which will require full financial assurance of reclamation of mining sites. I state specifically the goals that we are seeking: To protect the taxpayers from the actions of hard rock mining operations that cause damage to or destruction of public lands, to prevent environmental destruction that unduly threatens fish or wildlife habitat, and to prevent toxic pollution that threatens public health or the environment.  