April 20, 1999, is a day we will remember for a long time in America. That was the day of the Columbine High School shooting. Remember when you first heard about it? You remember the first time you saw the scenes on television, with the high school kids running away from the school? There was one poor young man who had been shot, dragging himself out of a window, trying to escape the shooting taking place.  America was stunned. Colorado was stunned. This Congress was stunned. We responded by passing legislation, with the help of Vice President Gore, which did three things to try to reduce gun violence in America.  First, a background check at gun shows so that the people who buy guns at those shows would be subject to the same questions and inquiries as those who go to gun dealers. We don't want to sell guns to criminals. We don't want to sell them to kids. We certainly don't want to see gun shows as a loophole for selling guns to those who shouldn't own them.  Second, trigger locks so if guns are going to be stored they are stored safely and securely so a young child can't pick it up and hurt himself or others.  Third, the prohibition against those high capacity ammo clips that were being brought in from overseas that turn an ordinary gun into a dangerous, murderous weapon. Three very sensible changes for gun safety in America. It only passed because Vice President Gore showed up on the floor to break the tie. But we thought the Congress had learned a lesson from Columbine, not just for the Members of Congress and families across America, but for the students who go to school across America and want to be in safe buildings.  That bill passed the Senate, and it has been sitting over in the House of Representatives in a conference committee that refuses to call it for consideration. My colleague, Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, believes that on the anniversary of Columbine we owe it, not only to the families in Colorado but across the Nation, to consider this important legislation. I support him completely. Close the loopholes, keep guns out of the hands of criminals and kids.  Second, tomorrow I will be offering an amendment which addresses the gun issue from a different perspective. There are some who say: Oh, you don't need to close the loopholes. I disagree with them. I think we need to close them. They say, instead, we need more enforcement. Let's have people who are going to investigate and prosecute gun criminals. Put them in jail.  Do you know what? I agree with them. But I think we need both. Close the loopholes and make sure we have the resources for enforcement of gun laws. The amendment I will offer tomorrow, with Senator Schumer of New York, my seatmate here on the floor of the Senate, provides the President's initiative: 500 new ATF investigators to look after the gun dealers across America, to make certain they are not selling guns to the wrong people.  Are they? You bet they are. Out of 80,000 gun dealers across America, we have traced gun crimes and found that the guns for 57 percent of the criminals in America come from 1,000 gun dealers out of 80,000. What it tells us is the overwhelming percentage of gun dealers across America are obeying the law. But there are bad people out there who are licensed gun dealers who are breaking the law and giving guns to criminals who commit crimes with those guns and harass us in our neighborhoods and our schools. My amendment creates more enforcement authority to keep those gun dealers from breaking the law.  Next, more prosecutors. It is not enough to arrest somebody. You need a prosecuting attorney at the State, local, or Federal level, who is going to put that person behind bars. I say to the National Rifle Association and all the people who speak for them, if we are going to have enforcement, vote for the Durbin amendment so you have the resources at ATF and across the Nation to make sure gun laws are enforced.  It is a complementary approach: Close the loopholes, increase the enforcement, and let us hope in the near term, in the near future, we can say this Congress responded in a way that answers to American families that we heard the cries of the parents and the families at Columbine and we responded to them. We should not leave ourselves in a position where we back off from our responsibility because of any special interest group.  I yield the floor.  