Despite all the statements to the contrary, Federal taxes have been going down on American families and they have been held to the 1970 level. We have been making real progress in that regard.  What we have tried to do when the Democrats had a voice in the process is make sure that tax cuts went to working families. Those are the folks who need a helping hand. If there is an increased tax burden in this country, it comes primarily from State and local sources and from payroll taxes associated with the Medicare and Social Security programs which, quite honestly, we have to sustain until we address meaningful reform.  On that subject, let me add, President Clinton and Vice President Gore are talking about investing this surplus back into Social Security and back into Medicare to reduce their debt and to make certain those programs will be here for decades to come. The Republican side of the aisle does not want to address those issues, and they should. Instead, they want the George W. Bush tax cut. Instead of putting this money into debt reduction and strengthening Social Security and Medicare, providing for prescription drug benefits under Medicare, they would give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in our country. That is the clear choice in the Presidential campaign.  The Senator from Texas does not believe I should raise this issue on the floor of the Senate. He says since I have, it is open season for debate on it. I welcome the debate. For goodness sakes, if we cannot come to this floor and debate the issues that are central to the most important choice Americans will make in the year 2000 in the Presidential election, then this great deliberative body has lost its way. I think it is important that all Members come to the floor and be recorded on this vote.  I invite the Senator from Texas to withdraw his substitute amendment so he can have an up-or-down vote on the Bush tax cut. Surely Gramm wants to go back to Texas and see your Governor and say: I stood by you. I was with you to the bitter end. I defended you against your critics. I am for the Bush tax cut.  Certainly you don't want to go back and say to your Governor: I didn't want to vote on your tax cut so I put up a substitute. I dreamed up an Al Gore gas tax. I did my darnedest to avoid being on the record.  I am certain Texas pride demands standing by your Governor, as many on your side of the aisle, I am sure, want to do. In order to do that, you have to take away the substitute amendment. You have to face the music. You have to understand that if you are going to buy this tax cut from George W. Bush, you have to go on the record and do it and not just make speeches when you are off the Senate floor.  I yield back the time offered to me by Senator Reid under the resolution.  