President, I thank Senator Reid and Senator Lautenberg for yielding me this time.  The amendment I have offered is a straightforward opportunity for Members of the Senate to go on record in reference to the proposed tax cut by George W. Bush, the nominal candidate for President on the Republican side.  The reason I am offering this amendment is I believe it offers a clear choice to the Members of the Senate and certainly to the people of this Nation. Every one of us understands we have been going through a period of unprecedented prosperity in America. In fact, I believe we have set records in terms of the period of economic growth without recession. This is not an accident. It is by design of an administration that has been determined to continue to bring Federal spending under control, to keep interest rates manageable, and to encourage growth in the economy. This policy of the administration is complemented by the policies of the Federal Reserve Board under Chairman Alan Greenspan.  We are now at an unusual point in our history where we are considering the possibility of surpluses. That is something that would have been unthinkable a few years ago in Washington when we were drowning in red ink with deficit after deficit piling on to our national debt. It reached such a point of desperation that a proposal was made in the Congress to amend the Constitution of the United States and give to the Federal judiciary the power to rein in the spending of Congress.  It was an unprecedented transfer of power to the judiciary away from the legislative branch of Government. Some people were so despondent and so desperate, they were prepared to back such a constitutional amendment for a balanced budget. It is hard to imagine that was only about 4 years ago.  Today in the course of debating the budget resolution, our focus is the use of the surplus, the revenues we will generate from our economy far and above what is necessary for the needs of Government and current programs. There is a difference of opinion about what to do with this surplus.  On the Democratic side, we believe the first priority should be the reduction of our national debt. We collect each day in America $1 billion in taxes from individuals, businesses, and families, and that money is used for the sole purpose of paying interest on our national debt. That $1 billion does not educate a child; it does not build a road; it does not make America any safer. It pays interest on debt, a debt primarily held by foreign bond holders.  We believe on the Democratic side that our first priority should be tobring down this debt and reduce these interest costs so we can say to our children: You are not going to inherit our mortgage, a mortgage which we incurred for our needs in our generation. We are going to give you a better chance to build your America in the vision of your future instead of being saddled with our old debt.  That is the highest priority on the Democratic side, and my colleagues will hear it expounded by the Democratic leader, Senator Lautenberg, when he offers his Democratic alternative to the budget.  The way we reduce this debt is by investing money in Social Security so that system will be available for seniors and the disabled for decades to come and also, of course, and by investing in Medicare. Medicare is a word which many people in this Chamber fear to use. They are afraid on the other side of the aisle to even make reference to Medicare and its future. But for 40 million-plus Americans, Medicare is an important word in their everyday life. That Medicare system provides health insurance for the elderly and disabled of America. It has been, frankly, one of the most successful programs in the modern era because it represents a commitment by the Federal Government that no one, when they have reached a certain age, will go wanting when it comes to quality health care, and it has worked.  In the 40 years since the institution of Medicare, our seniors have lived longer; they have had a better life; they are more independent; they are healthier; they are stronger, and Medicare has a lot to do with it. We on the Democratic side believe that part of the surplus generated in this economy should be dedicated to Medicare's future to make sure this health insurance is around for many years to come.  We also believe we should target tax cuts. We think we can take an appropriate amount of this surplus and convert it into tax cuts which families really need. I will give two specific examples. We on the Democratic side believe that we should have a targeted tax cut so families can deduct college education expenses. How many families do we know that have sent a son or daughter off to college and then worried about how much debt that child incurred in the course of their higher education?  By providing the deductibility of college education expenses as a targeted tax cut on the Democratic side, we will provide some relief to these families, up to, say, $2,800, for example, each year which will defray the cost of college education expenses. I hope it will be more in the future, but that depends, of course, on the economy and how it is moving and whether the surpluses continue.  Secondly, the largest growing group of Americans are those over the age of 85. People who have parents and grandparents who are now reaching their golden years find they need additional care, in many instances. Whether it is in the nature of a visiting nurse or in a nursing home, this additional care can be costly. We have proposed on the Democratic side a targeted tax cut that will allow families to defray some expenses of long-term care for a parent or aging relative. We believe this is sensible and reflects what modern families have to deal with and struggle with on a daily basis. So our targeted tax cuts come right behind our plan for debt reduction.  Finally, the last piece in our proposal on the Democratic side is our investment in our future. We understand, and most historians will agree, the 20th century had a lot to do with education. We want to make certain the 21st century is an American century as well, and that means investing in our children to make certain they have the very best education, the very best teachers, and the schools are modernized so they can accommodate the new technology.  Along with the President, we invest money for education, as well as for an important program I have found to be immensely popular across Illinois and around the Nation. That program is a prescription drug benefit. The idea behind it, of course, is we will find a way under Medicare to provide a prescription drug benefit for the elderly and disabled that will help them pay for their drugs and also keep them in a position, if they have an expensive pharmaceutical bill, of not having to choose between food or medicine.  We also believe the cost element is important in this debate on a prescription drug benefit. We believe prescription drugs in America should be fairly priced. Pharmaceutical companies are entitled to a profit--they need it for future research--but when we hear stories about exactly the same drug made in America costing half as much in Canada and costing less if one buys it for their dog than if they buy it for their aunt, people are saying this is an outrage. We ought to have prescription drugs fairly priced so this benefit under Medicare will work.  That is a condensation of the Democratic approach to our surplus, our future, and our budget priorities.  On the other side, George W. Bush, the Governor of Texas running for President of the United States, has a much different view of America. He believes we should change dramatically and radically the path we have followed over the past 7\1/2\ years.  He has proposed, instead of reducing debt, investing in Social Security, investing in Medicare, targeted tax cuts, education, and health care, that we should have a massive tax cut, a tax cut primarily for the wealthiest people in America.  Take a look at the first year of this tax cut and one can understand this graphic. This graphic shows the American economy moving forward, steaming into the ocean. Look at this tiny little $168 billion cap of an iceberg. This is the first year of the George W. Bush tax cut. Look what comes and follows. This tax cut grows in size and eventually, I believe, could endanger the economy and its growth.  My position on that is not unique nor is it partisan. Chairman Alan Greenspan has said: Tax cuts are not our highest priority in America. Our highest priority is debt reduction. That is the Democratic alternative. I think Chairman Greenspan is right. I think George W. Bush is wrong.  The amendment which I offer is an up-or-down vote by the Members of the Senate about whether they want to follow the course that has led to such economic progress or whether they want to sign up for the George W. Bush tax cut.  Let me tell you what this tax cut would cost America. It would cost us, in the first 5 years, $483 billion; then, over a 10-year period of time, more than $1.2 trillion. It is a substantial investment in tax cuts.  As I have said many times on the floor, every politician likes to stand up and call for a tax cut. It is one of the most popular speeches we can make. But it may not be the most responsible thing to do. The American people are thinking twice about this promise by George W. Bush of a tax cut of this magnitude because they understand that every proposal has its cost.  Let me show you a chart.  The impact of the Bush tax plan is to not only spend the surplus that we have discussed but to reach beyond the surplus, which we are generating in our Government, and to call on spending the Social Security trust fund for the George Bush tax cut.  Those on the Senate floor who want to vote in favor of the Bush tax plan are really saying we should reach into the Social Security trust fund surplus and take the money out of Social Security to fund this George W. Bush tax plan.  This chart shows that in the first 5 years of the George Bush tax cut, we have a non-Social Security surplus of $171 billion. George Bush would spend not only that but another $312 billion to fund this tax cut. Where does he find the additional money? He has to take it from the Social Security trust fund. In raiding the Social Security trust fund, I believe he breaks faith with a promise made, on a bipartisan basis, by Congress that we would make certain the fund is protected.  Let's take a closer look at what it means in terms of the Republican budget resolution, as well.  Recalling again the $171 billion non-Social Security surplus, on the Republican side, in their budget resolution, they call for a tax cut in the neighborhood of $168 billion to $223 billion over a 5-year period. You will note, this is perilously close and in many instances exceeds, again, the non-Social Security surplus.  In order to fund this plan, they will either have to reach deep into the Social Security trust fund or, as an alternative, will have to make cuts in spending.  Cuts in spending may sound harmless today, but when we put them on the spot and ask, ``Where will you cut,'' they refuse to point to it. Many of us believe that investments in education, in our infrastructure, and in our Nation's defense are too important to be left in this uncertainty.  Looking again at the Bush tax cut--the original figure of $483 billion that he proposed, plus an additional $60 billion in interest--it shows you the disparity between the non-Social Security surplus and the Bush tax cut. This is the tax cut I am asking my colleagues in the Senate to vote on yes or no today. I will be voting no. I will be voting against a tax cut which threatens the Social Security trust fund. I hope my colleagues will stand up and be counted as to whether they believe the Bush tax cut is good policy for the future of America.  Let's take a closer look at what this tax cut means to American families. Most families who I represent could certainly use a tax cut. I think, in many instances, it would be helpful to them to meet their expenses and to provide for their future.  Take a close look at the Bush tax cut and the winners and the losers. Families making over $301,000 a year, under the George Bush tax cut, would see an annual tax break of over $50,000. Think of it--a family already making $300,000 a year, plus a $50,000 tax break under the George Bush tax cut. Sixty percent of working families in America, with incomes below $39,300, would see an annual tax break, under the Bush tax cut, of $249.  My colleagues in the Senate will have their choice. Do they want to support the Bush tax cut, which threatens Social Security by raiding the Social Security trust fund, and provides virtually no tax relief to 60 percent of America's working families, at the same time providing a generous $50,000-plus tax cut for those making over $300,000 a year?  Many on the Republican side have already appeared with George W. Bush, put their arms around him and endorsed him. If they endorse his tax cut, they have a chance to vote for it today.  Twice in the Senate Budget Committee they ran away from this decision. They refused to face a vote, up or down, on the Bush tax cut. Today they will have another clear choice, a choice as to whether or not they believe America is moving in the right direction--whether we should take the Democratic alternative of reducing debt, investing in Social Security and Medicare, with targeted tax cuts for families, with investments in education--or whether they will take what I consider to be a risky and dangerous course and follow the suggestion of the Presidential candidate of the Republican Party, George W. Bush.  This morning's Roll Call newspaper spelled out that the George Bush tax plan makes it virtually impossible for him to meet the needs of America's future--to fund the prescription drug benefit, to fund additional medical research, things that Americans understand to be an important part of our future.  George W. Bush has made his choice. He has decided this tax cut is more important than those other things. It is time for the Senate to make its choice. It is time for the Senate to stand up and be counted.  I hope, unlike in the Senate Budget Committee, my colleagues in the Senate--whether they are for or against this tax cut--will stand up and be counted. If they believe, as I do, that America is moving in the right direction and that taking this risky strategy could imperil our future, I hope they will join me in voting no on this tax cut.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  