President, in a short time, we are going to have two votes that will define the difference in values between the two political parties in this Chamber. For 2 or 3 years now, President Clinton has been calling for a prescription drug benefit under Medicare. During that period of time, the Republicans were in control of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and a bill never came to the floor to deal with this issue, which is paramount in the minds of families across America. On the Democratic side, we have asked, from day 1, for a chance to bring the President's proposal or our own proposal to the floor. The only way this vote came about this evening on a prescription drug benefit under Medicare is because we had to tie this Chamber into procedural knots to achieve this vote.  Well, I commend the Republicans who are supporting this bipartisan measure, and I hope many of them will cross the aisle and join us in a bipartisan show of support for a prescription drug benefit. For those who think they can vote against this prescription drug benefit and go home and explain that it was such a new idea and they didn't have a chance to read it, I can tell them the President has had a proposal here for years. This idea has been out here for years. You have been in control of the committees and in control of the Senate. We have waited for your prescription drug benefit, but there is nothing for us to consider from the Republican side. The vote that we will cast in a few minutes will give Republicans and Democrats alike a chance to go on the record for a good prescription drug benefit bill under Medicare.  The second vote we will cast also defines the values of the parties. To think that each year over 600,000 workers in America get up and go to work and do their very best in the workplace and get injured because of these so-called musculoskeletal disorders, and they don't have the kind of protection they deserve from their Government. This is a call to action in this Chamber--a call to action that was heard by Elizabeth Dole when she was Secretary of Labor. She said we needed a standard, a call to action, which has been heard over and over again from working families across America.  The Republican position is to turn a deaf ear to these workers, ignore the fact that they are facing debilitating injuries and disorders in the workplace, which haunt them for the rest of their natural lives. It is the position of the Republican Party to stop this effort to bring safety to the workplace. This is nothing new. There has not been a single time in America's history when we have come forward with protection for workers that business interests didn't stand up and try to block it. Whether we are talking about child labor laws, safety in the workplace, time and time again, they have said it is too much Government, too much meddling, it will cost too much.  Well, I think the value on human life and the value on safety in the workplace is not too high a price to pay. We have an opportunity today to pass a prescription drug benefit that will truly help the seniors and the disabled, an opportunity to stand up for millions of workers across America who expect us to be sensitive to their needs. In my experience in life, years ago, I had one of those assembly line jobs. I saw injuries in the workplace. I saw people taken out of the workplace, down to the doctors office, and off the job for weeks at a time for injuries.  Perhaps there are some in the Chamber who have never seen that. But it is a memory that will be with you for a lifetime. Those workers--men and women--and their families expect us to stand up for safety in the workplace. That is our obligation. The response from the Republican side is, let's postpone this at least another year, and in another year there will be another 600,000 injured American workers. That is unacceptable.  The vote we will cast on these two issues really defines the values of our parties.  