President, that was rejected as well. The idea of helping families through the Tax Code to pay for day care was rejected.  I can tell you with no doubt in my mind, with an absolute degree of certainty, that if you are making $915,000 a year, you probably do not worry too much about the weekly day care costs, but that is the group the Republican majority decided needed help, not the working family, struggling to find a safe, clean, affordable day-care center for their kids. No.  The group making over $900,000 a year will get $23,000 in tax breaks from the proposals on the Republican side of the aisle.  This list includes an effort by the Democratic side to provide tax credits to businesses offering health insurance to their employees. You know as well as I do that 40 million Americans do not have health insurance. We believe the best way to help them afford health insurance is to help the small business employers provide that benefit. Of course, that insurance is more expensive. Those who buy it in smaller groups, such as the small businesses, have to pay more for the health insurance premiums and their employees are in lower income categories.  So I proposed an amendment that said we would give a tax credit to businesses, a tax credit for those who would offer health insurance not only to the owners of the businesses but also to those who work there. That was rejected by the Republican side of the aisle. That is the kind of tax relief they just do not think is necessary.  I can tell you, you will not find a single person working for a small business in America making over $900,000 a year--the people we were trying to help with that amendment.  I can guarantee you, as well, that people making over $900,000 a year probably don't lose a single moment's sleep each night worrying about whether there will be health insurance.  So it comes down to this. The President has proposed he is going to veto these proposals by the Republicans because, once again, as they have done historically, the tax cuts proposed on the Republican side of the aisle have gone overwhelmingly to the wealthy. It happened in August of 1999; again, in May of 2000 under George W. Bush's plan; it happened with the House action recently in March of this year; andit happened again on this estate tax repeal that the Republicans support.  Time and time again, the vast majority of relief goes to the wealthiest people in America. When will this Congress and this Senate listen to the 98 percent of the families in America who are hoping that we share their concerns about their future and their kids' future? Whether it is college education expenses, prescription drugs for their parents, prescription drugs for the disabled and their families, an effort to pay for child care, an effort to make certain they have health insurance on the job, when will this Congress put that as a high priority?  The Republican leadership said: Those people can go to the back of the line. We will wait for some other day, if ever, to discuss their needs. First we have to take care of the wealthiest. First we have to make sure that those making over $900,000 a year get about $2,000 more a month so they can be a little more comfortable in their lifestyle.  I think that is wrong. The President's veto is right. Let us provide tax relief and target it for the people who really need it. If there is a surplus in America, let working families, 98 percent of whom were ignored by the Republican tax cut plan, be first in line.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  