Even in my own family, I have a sister-in-law who is interested in politics. We talk about it from time to time. She is the mother of 10 children and I think 20-plus grandchildren--I lost count. She decided when she heard about this Million Mom March that she was going to be here in Washington on The Mall last Sunday. She called every woman in the family and said: We are all going down on Metro together. They did.  The same thing happened with other people in my Chicago office. There was a feeling of mothers across America that this was a special moment andthat they were going to take time away from their families, away from what was their day, Mother's Day, and come down and be with so many others.  I was in Chicago. I know the Senator from California was here in Washington and was touched by what occurred on The Mall gathering.  That is a sentiment growing in America. My Republican colleagues should think twice about criticizing this resolution where we commend these mothers who had the courage to come forward because they believe so passionately on this issue.  When it comes to the question raised by the other person who e-mailed or contacted your office about the accessibility of guns, they are easily acceptable. The District of Columbia has strong, strong, anti-gun laws in terms of ownership possession. Yet you go right across the bridge into Virginia or over the line into Maryland and you can purchase guns that end up coming right in to crime scenes here in Washington, DC.  It is naive to believe that State laws are going to control this traffic in guns. In fact, when they did a survey in Illinois of guns confiscated in crimes and their origin, where they were from--they traced them with the gun numbers and such--they found the No. 1 State for sending crime guns to the State of Illinois was the home State of the majority leader of the Senate, the State of Mississippi. Of all places, Mississippi. Why? It is easier to buy guns there. They buy them, they throw them in the backs of trucks and trunks of cars and take off for Chicago or Boston or wherever it happens to be.  This steady trafficking, in many cases illegal trafficking of these guns, needs to be better policed, and we need to ensure we understand that these guns move across borders at will. I would say to the Senator from California, the experience of the second lady who contacted you, when a person who was not supposed to have a gun had easy access, really speaks to the issue of the proliferation of guns in America, and their easy access not only to the violent and the criminal but also kids.  