 It is interesting in this debate how the roles have been switched. It used to be not that long ago the Democrats were faulted for being fiscally irresponsible, too liberal when it came to tax and spend. In this debate over the future of Social Security, the fiscally conservative and, I think, from my point of view, the prudent approach is being pushed on the Democratic side. That is, make certain before we take the surplus economy for granted, and make certain before we talk about any changes for Social Security, that we have thought them through.  Here we are in the middle of the Presidential campaign, with George Bush, the Republican candidate, suggesting sweeping changes in Social Security, changes which could literally affect millions of American families.  The concept that we would somehow privatize Social Security would have been laughable not that many years ago. Now it is being said with a straight face during the course of this Presidential campaign. Unfortunately, the candidate, George Bush, who is making these statements, refuses to come forward and explain how he would achieve it.  I think it is natural for those of us on the other side, those supporting Vice President Gore, to ask of him to be specific. If you are going to start talking about Social Security, start telling us in specific terms how you are going to change it and what it is going to cost us.  I think the plan on the other side, from Vice President Gore, is a conservative, sensible approach that does not assume this economic boom which we have seen over the last 8 or 9 years will continue indefinitely. What Vice President Gore has said is take the surplus we have coming into the Federal Government and invest it back to pay off the debt of our Nation.  We in Illinois, I think, represent kind of a microcosm. I represent a microcosm of this Nation--rural, urban, liberal, conservative, and you name it--across our great State. When I go back and talk to business leaders about what to do with our surplus, they universally agree with Vice President Gore's position: Be prudent, be sensible, take the surplus and invest it in such a way so if 6 months from now we are in a recession or a downturn, we will not regret decisions we have made.  Take a look at what has happened to us in just a short period of time. Because we have had fiscal discipline for the last several years, the Nation's debt is already $1.7 trillion lower than it would have been. In other words, if we had not made this decision a few years ago to balance the budget and to make certain that Social Security trust funds were not spent for other reasons, we could be $1.7 trillion deeper in debt, meaning we would have bondholders in the United States and around the world asking every month for their interest payment and being paid with taxes coming out of families, businesses, and individuals across America.  We are on the right track. I think we in Washington got the message. Under the Clinton-Gore administration, we have started bringing down this debt and the economy has flourished for most people. There are exceptions: In the farm belt, exceptions in the inner city, exceptions in small towns. But by and large, most people believe America is moving in the right direction.  Along comes a Presidential campaign. Really, this is a referendum on our future. I am not going to question the motives of George Bush on the Republican side, and I hope he would not question the motives of Vice President Gore.  The American people basically have a crucial choice this November. In a time of prosperity, what should America's future look like? What should we be doing for the young people across America to say to them: We want to create at least as good an opportunity for you as we have had in this country.  Frankly, the Democratic approach, Vice President Gore's approach, is the sensible one. It basically says: Don't assume prosperity forever; pay down the debt so we don't have to collect more in taxes to pay interest on this debt. Reduce the debt of the Social Security program so that it will be stronger for a long period of time.  In fact, under Vice President Gore's proposal, for another 50 years, it will be solvent, so we can even say to those who are just getting their driver's license this year: Social Security is going to be there when you show up at the window 50 years from now. That is a good thing to say to the future of America.  Also, we are saying when it comes to Medicare--this is a program often overlooked by this Congress; it is not overlooked by tens of millions of elderly and disabled who count on Medicare for their health insurance--we believe we should take part of this surplus and invest it in Medicare as well to make sure it is stronger and is affordable. This is the Gore approach.  The other side is a much different view of our future. What George Bush has proposed for America's future is let's try something new and untried. First, let's talk about a $2 billion tax cut, and it is a tax cut that is not targeted to families who need it. It is a tax cut that, frankly, goes to a lot of people who are already wealthy.  I am joined on the floor by my colleague from New York, Senator Schumer. Senator Schumer has a proposal most American families would applaud. He has suggested targeting the tax cuts where they are really needed. One of Senator Schumer's proposals is to allow families to deduct up to $10,000 a year in college expenses for their children. That means about $2,800 in the bank for a lot of families to help pay college education expenses. That is a smart investment. That is a targeted tax cut that does not go to the wealthiest in America but prepares the next generation of Americans to compete in a global economy.  This election is coming down to: Do you want the Bush tax cut for primarily wealthy people, and do you want to target the tax cuts and invest in paying down the debt? Do you want to keep Social Security strong for decades to come, or try a privatization approach which Governor Bush proposes which has never been tested and will cost us a trillion dollars and runs the risk of more red ink, more deficits, and problems in the future?  We are taking the Gore and Democratic side, fiscally prudent approach which says: Let's look to the future in real uncertain terms.  I know we only have until 11:30 for morning business. My colleague from New York is here. I yield the floor to Senator Schumer.  