 I am proud to be a cosponsor of Senator Dodd's resolution.  What a curious footnote in the history of this world that this Senate Chamber would focus its debate and the attention of the media in this country on a little 6-year-old boy from Cuba.  But if you scan history, you will find similar cases where one person being caught in the vortex of controversy becomes the focal point. In this case, the focal point is a 6-year-old boy named Elian Gonzalez, and at issue is the foreign policy between the United States of America and the Nation of Cuba.  Yesterday, Senator Dodd was kind enough to invite me, as well as three other Senators, to meet with the grandmothers of Elian Gonzalez. I sat and listened for an hour as they explained their family circumstances and answered our questions. It really brought me back to that moment in time many years ago when I was a practicing lawyer in Springfield, IL, and spent many days involved in family law. It was not the most enjoyable part of my legal practice.  In fact, many times those cases, involving divorce and child custody and child support, unfortunately, brought out the very worst in people. Those battles over children became proxy battles over a failed marriage. It saddened me, as I am sure it saddens many who are involved in this.  As I listened yesterday, I understood that these two grandmothers were basically making the case that they had a good family to offer in Cuba, a good family for Elian Gonzalez. I thought they made their case convincingly. The fact that this young boy, after his parents were divorced, was the subject of joint custody is, in and of itself, a telling fact. It is rare. There are people who fight in court for years and spend thousands of dollars over the question of joint custody.  In this case, Elian Gonzalez' mother decided that she could trust her former husband, the father of Elian, so much so that she left him with his father 5 out of 7 days each week. That simple fact told me a great deal about whether or not Elian Gonzalez' father was a fit parent. In the eyes of Elian's mother, the former wife of Elian's father, he certainly was a fit parent.  But then I have to tell you that some of the things said to me by these grandmothers were so touching. Consider Elian's maternal grandmother who came to the United States. Think about what she has been through. In just a few short weeks, she saw an effort by her daughter and Elian, along with a man, to come to the United States. I am not sure how much she knew of this in advance. In fact, she indicated to us she did not know that they were going to take off for the United States.  Then she was told her daughter was involved in a ship sinking, that her daughter drowned at sea, that this little 6-year-old boy watched his mother drowning at sea, that he grabbed on to a life preserver and hung on, some say for days, before he was rescued, and then was swept up into the caring arms of those who rescued him, brought to the United States, and given to a great uncle, who I am sure cares for him very much.  But since he arrived in the United States, this little boy, no more than a first grader, has been the focus of such attention. They have heaped gifts on him, puppies and gifts and trips to Disney World. The cameras swirl around him as he walks across the backyard and plays with a ball or pets his little puppy.  I remember things similar to that in my practice of law. We used to call it Disneyland daddy. If you are only going to get this little boy for a weekend, you will give him the world. You will take him to the ice cream shop as often as he wants to go, buy some toys, take him on a nice vacation, create an atmosphere in his mind that is idyllic. That is what has happened to Elian Gonzalez. In an effort to show love and caring, he has had all these gifts heaped upon him by his great uncle and his family. Yet I believe, as the grandmothers do, that the most basic thing Elian Gonzalez needs is his last surviving parent. He needs his father's loving arms more than he needs a trip to Disney World.  I think with his father and the rest of his family in Cuba, they could start to try to reconstruct this little boy's life and to say to him that though you have seen more tragedies in your few years than many people do in a lifetime, we will stand by you. We will give you the support to make your life whole again. That should be what this debate is all about.  I think the Immigration and Naturalization Service has it right. They asked the first question: Who will speak for this boy's interest? They concluded it would be his natural father. Then they asked the second important question: Is this natural father a fit parent? They interviewed him twice, went to Cuba to do it. They asked a lot of people about his background and came back and said, yes, he is a fit parent. He had joint custody of the little boy. The mother entrusted the boy to his father many, many times.  They concluded, and properly so, that Elian Gonzalez should be allowed to return home to Cuba, but unfortunately that is not the end of the story because this little boy is caught up in a foreign policy debate that has been going on for more than 40 years in America. During my time in college, I lived with a Cuban American expatriate who explained to me what it was like to be forced out of Cuba, to be forced out of your home, to give up everything, by the Castro regime, by this Communist leader who refused to recognize the most basic human rights. I heard firsthand from this roommate of mine in college what his family went through, the sacrifice, the deprivation, the loss of things they would never see again.  I always understood the feelings as best I could, not having lived them personally, of that generation of Cuban Americans who escaped to America's shores to finally get away from Castro and to have a chance at their own life and democracy. I have seen what they have created in south Florida and many other places around the United States. I am very proud that this group of immigrants to this country has made such a valuable contribution to our Nation, but like most immigrants, they never forget their homeland. That is not to say they don't love the United States, but they never forget their homeland of Cuba. They stay intensely involved in the foreign policy debate in Washington about the future of Cuba. They have become quite a political force in Florida, perhaps in national politics.  They feel--and I share their feeling--that the people of Cuba deserve better than Fidel Castro. They deserve a democracy. They deserve an opportunity to live in freedom. They remind us of that frequently. I share their belief. I think they are right. But I have to say I believe they have taken the wrong tack when it comes to Elian Gonzalez. It is much more compelling to most American families that this little boy be reunited with his family than it is that he be in the midst of a foreign policy debate. Some Members of the Senate have suggested that next week we will stop the business of the Senate and we will focus the attention of this deliberative body on a 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez. They have proposed, in one of the rare instances in American political history, that this little boy will have conferred upon him American citizenship--frankly, citizenship without even asking.  We presume in most courts of law that a 6-year-old boy can hardly make a big decision about his life. He is too easily swayed by emotions and doesn't have the maturity to decide. They want to make the decision for him. They want to decide that he is an American citizen.  I am reminded of an experience I had not long ago in Chicago. I went to a Mexican restaurant. After I finished my meal, a fellow came up to me from the kitchen. He was wearing a cook's clothes. He said: Can I talk to you for a minute, Senator? I said: Of course. He said: I am almost 65 years old. I was born in Mexico. My dream, for as long as I have lived, is to be a citizen of the United States of America. Here is my application form for naturalization.  He had taken it and encased it in plastic; it meant so much to him. He said: This means so much to me, but the Immigration and Naturalization Service system is so slow and so bureaucratic and the new laws coming out of Washington make it so difficult, it has been over 2 years, and I am waiting for my chance to raise my hand and swear my loyalty to the United States of America. He said: Senator, I am afraid I will die before that happens. That would break my heart and the hearts of my family.  I think about him, and I think of hundreds of thousands like him who have come to this country and followed the orderly process to become citizens. They have had to wait. They have had to go through a tangle of bureaucracy. They are hoping they will get the chance to raise their hands and become naturalized citizens.  My mother was one of those. She was an immigrant to this country from Lithuania. In her 20s, after being married, she became a naturalized citizen. I have her naturalization certificate above my desk here in Washington. I am very proud of that.  But you won't hear any efforts on the floor of the Senate for the hundreds of thousands of people who are longing for this chance to become Americans, waiting for the naturalization process to be completed. No, we will focus on one 6-year-old boy from Cuba. Why? Because he makes an important foreign policy point. I don't believe it is fair to him, only 6 years of age. Nor is it fair to the hundreds of thousands who are waiting patiently for us to say that he will move to the front of the line and become a citizen without even asking for it. That doesn't speak well for this country and our respect for the law.  I have compassion for this little boy and what he has been through. Do I believe he could live in the United States and enjoy freedom in this country? Certainly. But as Senator Dodd and others have said, there are many good families living in countries with bad governments. Though Elian Gonzalez, by the matter of fate, was born in Cuba under a repressive regime, I don't doubt for a minute that he has a loving family who can give him so much in his life as he grows up. If we are going to have compassion for children and particularly immigrant children, let me tell you, the Senate has a full agenda. I returned 2 weeks ago from Africa where there are literally over 20 million AIDS orphans. These kids need the same compassion and concern.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). The time of the Senator has expired.  