 Mr. President, I yield myself no more than 3 minutes to make one point.  Let me say, first to the chairman of the committee, who has been kind enough to stay here this evening for this important debate, that I think the level of exchange and dialog here this evening is an indication of the knowledge on the subject of the Members who have stayed and the level of their interest. I hope it adds to the national debate.  I also say to the chairman of the committee, I believe all of us in this Chamber share mutual respect for our current Secretary of Defense. I think he is doing an excellent job. Nothing that any of us have said or will say should bring into question our admiration and respect for his ability and his service to our country.  I also tell my colleagues, I had the good fortune, in preparing for the debate, to go through a classified briefing and also to meet with Director Philip Coyle, who is in charge of Operational Test and Evaluation at the Department of Defense under the leadership of Secretary Cohen.  I asked him to put in common terms, that I can take back to a town meeting in Illinois, what we are talking about when we use the words ``technologically feasible.''  He said: Well, consider it this way. Is it technologically feasible to hit a hole in one in golf? Yes. Is it technologically feasible to hit a hole in one if the hole you are shooting at is moving? Yes, but it is getting a little more difficult. Is it technologically feasible to hit a hole in one if the hole you are shooting at is moving, as is the flag in that hole, and five or six other flags are moving as well, and you are not sure which one is actually the hole you are shooting at? Yes, I suppose that is technologically feasible, but now it is getting to be very difficult.  But it raises the very question of this debate about countermeasures.  I would like to quote and make part of this Record a letter that was sent to me on July 11 by Philip Coyle, director of the Office of Operational Test and Evaluation, in which he said:       This letter is to support your effort to reinforce the need      for realistic testing of the National Missile Defense (NMD)      system. It is still very early in the developmental testing      of NMD. As we move forward, test realism will need to grow      with system capability, and it will become more and more      important to achieve realistic operational conditions in NMD      system tests. This will include realistic countermeasures and      engagement conditions.       The very nature of missile defense means that it will not      be possible to demonstrate all possible engagements in open      air flight intercept tests. Accordingly, it will be necessary      to develop realistic ground test simulations including      realistic hardware-in-the-loop and scene generation      facilities. I especially appreciate your commitment to both      ground based and open air flight tests.       If I can provide additional information, please don't      hesitate to call me.  I say to the chairman of the committee, it is true that we are giving a directive to the Department of Defense and it is also true that the gentleman in charge of the testing under this program has said to us he believes it is an honest effort to make certain the system works.  