Hatch, that it was my honor to serve on the Judiciary Committee when he was chairman and I was a member of that committee. I hope someday to return. It is an interesting and exciting assignment. Occasionally we even agreed. They were rare moments, but there were those moments. I never, at any moment in time, lost any respect for the Senator from Utah and the values he espouses. I believe he is a person of good faith who will genuinely try to find a common ground. I sincerely hope he will.  I listened to his explanation of his amendment on this issue, and I really think it comes down to a classic debate, which has been on the floor of this Senate many times in its history, when we were discussing whether or not African Americans were to become full citizens of the United States with all of their rights and responsibilities. There were those on the floor who said: It is not a Federal issue; let the States decide; the Federal Government should not get involved in this.  There have been issues involving religious persecution--whether it is people of the Senator's faith, or my faith, or many others. There have been those who said this a State-and-local matter to decide, it should not be a Federal issue.  The same thing was true when it came to elevating women in America from their status in the Constitution--which we revere, but a Constitution which, frankly, did not give the women the right to vote when it was initially drafted. When the debate came on about the rights of women, it was usually couched in terms of federalism: Should the Federal Government get involved in this; or, this is a State issue.  We can remember the hot debates over the equal rights amendment and all that entailed. The same thing has been true throughout history, the way I read it--whether we are talking about blacks, women, or people of a certain faith, or whether we are talking about people who have certain disabilities. We have always come down to this debate: Is this issue any business of the Federal Government?  I respectfully disagree with my colleague and friend, the Senator from Utah. I think when it comes to hate crimes, this is an issue for the Nation to solve. To leave it to individual States to make the decisions is in fact to subject some Americans to less protection than others when it comes to being victims of hate crimes.  