The American people like the way America is moving forward. I am sure it has been painful for Senator Gramm and others who opposed the President's suggested policy to get America back on track to realize they were wrong. The facts have shown them to be wrong. In fact, we have had the longest period of growth and prosperity in America's economic history.  They want to change that, I say to the Senator from Nevada. Their Presidential candidate, George W. Bush, doesn't like the way things have been going. He thinks that instead of the policies that have brought America forward, we ought to change it all--a dramatic, radical, and risky tax cut that would go to the wealthiest people in America.  When I asked the Republicans in the Senate to vote up or down on whether they want to stand by Governor Bush, they came in with a substitute. They want to change the subject and invent a tax that they cannot even identify with Vice President Al Gore. Vice President Gore has not called for a $3 gas tax increase.  I think the Vice President is right to heighten our awareness of the need to do something to improve air quality in America. I might say to the Senator from Texas--he may not know this--about 6 years ago, the Vice President, along with President Clinton, went to the major automobile makers of the United States and challenged them to come up with a more fuel-efficient engine, and it is possible, even in my lifetime, that what we know as the internal combustion engine will be gone, and we will have something that is cheaper to operate and safer for the environment. Whether you are from Texas or Illinois, that would be a good change.  When I listen to the critics of Vice President Gore on the environment, I find it hard to believe. I can't believe that even in the State of Texas you aren't at least sensitive to air and water quality. But to say that anybody who brings up the environment is some pinheaded professor that parks his bicycle straight overstates the case. The American people, particularly younger people in this country, want a cleaner nation, with air that is safe to breathe and water that is safe to drink. If the Vice President is heightening our awareness of environmental issues, so about be it. All political leaders should do that.  