 Frankly, I understand the good faith of the Senator from Utah, but when we literally have hundreds of thousands of people across America whose fate is hanging in the balance here on a decision to be made by the Senate and we have not seen on the Senate floor--other than the H-1B visa bill--frankly, some bills of smaller consequence, I think perhaps the Senator from Utah can understand the anxiety and concern of these families.  I deal with these families all the time, and I am sure the Senator does, too. Two out of three of my constituent cases coming into the Chicago office deal with immigration. I hear these heartbreaking stories about families that are torn apart because of some of the laws we have passed, the failure of this Congress to respond to this. And I, frankly, have urged the President to take the position he has taken--don't go home and leave these poor families out there, frankly, languishing because we failed to address three basic things. We failed to say we are going to give those refugees who have come to this country and have faced the same kind of political persecution as refugees from Nicaragua and Cuba--we believe they should receive equal and fair treatment. I don't think that is a radical idea. Secondly, 245(i) says if you are going to get a chance to finally get your green card and become a naturalized citizen, go through the process, we think it is an unreasonable hardship to force you to go back to your country of origin and apply for a visa, which is an economic hardship and, in many cases, a danger that families should not go through.  I can't imagine why that is a radical idea. The idea of updating the registry in this country that we have used to affect immigrants has been updated regularly since 1929. We are not bringing a radical notion to the Senate. In fact, we are following the tradition of Democratic and Republican administrations, and we have not had a bill come to the floor.  We have hundreds of thousands of people whose lives hang in the balance. Frankly, I can understand the position of the President, and I agree with him. I am sorry we have not had hearings on this issue nor brought it to the floor; but to say that it is something we might look at next year is cold comfort to these people who, frankly, face the fear of being extradited or somehow removed from this country in a situation that could be a great hardship to their families.  I say to the Senator from Utah, there is another side to the story. I deal with it every day in my Chicago office and all across Illinois.  