President, I rise to comment on the remarks made by my friend and colleague from North Dakota, Senator Dorgan. I know his feelings are heartfelt about this issue. I know he speaks from the heart when he tells us about these terrible tragedies to which many families in America have been subjected. I hope he feels, as I do, that when it comes to violent crime, crimes involving guns and weapons, sexual assault, and the like, we should have no tolerance for that conduct. And when it comes to sentencing those responsible for the crimes, we should do it in a manner to protect American citizens and families across the board. I agree with him on that score. I think if we are ever going to stop the plague of violent crime in this country, we have to deal with enforcement of the law in a realistic way to protect families.  Two weeks ago, I was stuck in an airport in our State capital, my hometown of Springfield, which tends to be part of the job description of being a Senator. The director of the Department of Corrections, Don Snyder, came up and said hello, and we had a chance to chat about incarceration in my home State of Illinois.  There are currently, if I remember the figures off the top of my head, about 45,000 people incarcerated in the State prison system in Illinois. He told me a couple of things that were interesting. Each year, we release from the Illinois prison system over 20,000 inmates. We have this false notion that once a person is incarcerated, they are there forever.  As the Senator from North Dakota has indicated, even for the most violent criminals, that is not the case. About half of them come out each year. When you consider all the crimes for which people are incarcerated, they are back on the street. The question we obviously have to ask is whether they will commit another crime. Unfortunately, about half of them do. Those crimes, when repeated, test our resolve to not only have a system that involves punishment but, where appropriate, rehabilitation.  This director of our Department of Corrections gave me an illustration. He said, if you consider a crime involving drugs to be the possession of a thimbleful of cocaine, in 1987, the Illinois prison system had 400 people incarcerated for the possession of a thimbleful of cocaine. In the year 2000, we have 9,100 inmates incarcerated for the possession of a thimbleful of cocaine. He said: Conceding the fact that we want to end the drug scourge in our country and we want to be effective in doing it, the average drug criminal in Illinois is incarcerated for 7\1/2\ months. It is hard to believe that we are going to teach many lessons in 7\1/2\ months, but that is the average.  Here is the thing that is troubling. During the period of that incarceration in prison for the commission of the drug crime, there is virtually nothing done to deal with the underlying addiction of the inmate. So when they are released in 7\1/2\ months or a little longer, they are back on the streets, still addicted, likely to run back into the same drug culture and be exposed to the same forces that put them in prison in the first place.  He asked me a valid question: Why aren't we doing something, while we have these people who have been convicted and incarcerated, to try to get them off drugs?  I think that is a reasonable suggestion. I am not for letting violent criminals out early, but for those who are in for drug crimes, we ought to have a policy nationwide that deals with some effort to stop their addiction, to end their addiction, to try, when they are released, to give them a chance to lead a normal life that doesn't include another victim at some later point. I hope we address that.  He also indicated to me that over 80 percent of the women in the Illinois prison system have children. And while they are in prison separated from those children, oftentimes those children are in terrible circumstances. We saw in the State of Michigan a few weeks ago when a 6-year-old boy took a gun to school and killed a little classmate. Then we find his father was in prison. His mother is addicted. He was stuck in a home where he slept on a couch. No one paid attention to him. Frankly, a gun was left on a table where he could get his hands on it and take it to school.  That kind of neglect occurs too often in America. It is invited in a situation where mothers are incarcerated and no one is there to care for their kids.  This Director of Corrections said: Can we keep the link between the mother and child alive? We find that the women who are inmates really want to turn their lives around when they think their family can stay together and has a future. We know that the kids would like to keep a relationship with the mother who may turn her life around.  These are troubling questions. In a nation where we incarcerate more per capita than any other country in the world, we have to face these realities. People are coming out of prison. When they come out, we have to wonder whether there has been a part of their experience in prison that will lead to a better life for them and a safer America and less recidivism.  