President, we have just learned within the last few minutes that a decision has been made on Capitol Hill to eliminate the Summer Jobs Program for this year. That decision was made by Republican leaders who have decided that it costs too much--$40 million.  We have to sit back, from time to time, and measure the relative cost of decisions we make. If we are going to say to literally tens of thousands of young people across America that there will not be a Summer Jobs Program, what price will we pay for that decision? For many of these kids, itmeans there will not be an opportunity for the first time in their lives to have a real job, a real learning experience in the workplace.  In this country we are prepared to pay whatever it takes when we sentence someone to prison. In Illinois, it costs about $30,000 a year to keep someone in prison. That failed life that led to crime and conviction ends up costing us $30,000 a year. Is it too much to pay? No, we will pay it. But when it comes to jobs for kids during the summer, the Republican leadership has decided it is too much to pay.  How about school dropouts? When kids drop out of school, they not only ruin their own lives but often affect the communities in which they live. These are the kids hanging out on the street corners. These are the ones who may never have a job. These are the ones who become chronic statistics in our society. We will pay for those statistics one way or the other. We have decided that is a cost we will pay. But when it comes to providing jobs in the summer for kids going to school, the Republican leadership decided today it was too high a cost to pay. Of course, when we talk about tomorrow's workers, we realize that kids who are not put on the right track with the right values early in life may not go on to finish school or to become the workforce of the 21st century for America. That is an expense to this country. It is obviously something the Republican leadership is willing to pay, rather than pay for a Summer Jobs Program.  What does this program mean? In my home State of Illinois, the decision today by the Republican leaders to take out the Summer Jobs Program means that 10,000 kids coming out of schools in the Chicagoland area will not have a 6-week minimum wage summer job. Is that an important life experience? Boy, it sure was for me. Going to work meant a lot for me. As my folks used to say: We want you to learn the value of a dollar. When I went to work, I understood the value of a dollar. I added up every paycheck and how I was going to save it, how I was going to spend it. It also teaches you the value of hard work, the fact that you do get up with the rest of the world and go to work and don't expect somebody to hand you something. That is the value of a summer job, a value that will be denied to tens of thousands of kids because of a decision the Republican leadership made to kill the Summer Jobs Program. The value of showing up on time to work, dressed properly, prepared to work with your coworkers, you cannot teach all that in school. Some of that is a life experience. It is an experience I had and virtually everyone has on their way to a successful life. For tens of thousands of kids, they will be denied that opportunity because of this decision by the Republican leadership.  Of course, for me and a lot of others, that summer job taught us the value of staying in school. How many times did I stop behind that shovel and think: I don't want to do this the rest of my life. I am going to go back to school. I am going to get my college degree and go on. That is the value of a summer job, too.  Senator Kennedy is right. If we have the values, the same values of families across America, we would be voting for this program and this amendment he is proposing for summer jobs for kids so they can have a valuable work experience. We would be voting for this amendment so there will be job training for those dislocated from their jobs. We don't want to give up on workers. I believe in free trade, but I know that millions of workers in America lose their jobs each year because of technology and trade and change. We should be there with programs to help them move to the next job so they do not lose pace with the economy and the quality of life they are used to.  This amendment gets to the heart of the values of the Members of the Senate. Senator Kennedy is right. I am happy to cosponsor it. The mayor of the city of Chicago said: The School Jobs Program keeps kids away from gangs, guns, and drugs. He hit the nail on the head. If we put more and more kids into positive programs where they learn how to work and continue to learn in the workplace, their lives can be transformed. If there is one value we share as Americans, it is the value of hard work.  The decision by the Republican leadership to close down the Summer Jobs Program is a decision that flies in the face of the values of this country.  