President, March 11 will mark the 10th anniversary of the declaration of independence of Lithuania from the domination of the Soviet Union. Lithuania led the way for other Soviet Republics to throw off the yolk of Soviet Communist imperialism, resulting in the disintegration of the Soviet Union.  This declaration was not without cost--in January 1991, Soviet paratroopers stormed the Press House in Vilnius, injuring four people. Barricades were set up in front of the Lithuanian Parliament, the Seimas. Soviet forces attacked the television station and tower in Vilnius, killing 13 Lithuanians. One woman was killed when she tried to block a Soviet armored personnel carrier.  But these courageous Lithuanians did not suffer and die in vain. Lithuania has now become a vibrant democracy. It has established a free-market economy and the rule of law. Lithuania wants to be fully integrated into Europe, and is seeking membership in the European Union and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO.  This year we also celebrate the 60th anniversary of the U.S. Congress' insistence that Soviet domination of the Baltic states would not be recognized by the United States. The logic then and the logic now is that the United States will only recognize a free and independent Lithuania. What we celebrate this year is what we must help preserve next year and the year after that. We must carry on that principle today by being sure that Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia are admitted into NATO as an unequivocal statement that we will never tolerate domination of the Baltic states again.  I support admitting the Baltic states into NATO and I hope my colleagues here in the Senate will support their entry also in the next round of NATO expansion.  That debate we will save for another day, but I am sure all my colleagues can agree on the importance of Lithuania's contribution to freedom and independence for the former Soviet Republics and will join me in congratulating Lithuania in celebrating ten years of that precious freedom and independence.  I am honored that my mother was born in a tiny Lithuanian village many years ago; that she came to this country proud of her heritage, but determined to be an American citizen. This Senator, the son of that proud Lithuanian mother, now serves in this great body and takes pride in being able to rise and salute the courageous people of Lithuania on this the occasion of the tenth anniversary of their independence from Soviet domination.  