President, what we are going to discuss this evening is one of the most expensive, and perhaps one of the most important, elements in our Nation's national defense. We are going to discuss the national missile defense system.  The reason for its importance, I guess, could be summarized in several ways. First, it is an extraordinary expenditure of money. It is anticipated that if we are going to meet our first goal by 2005, we will spend up to $60 billion. That is an exceptional expenditure, even by Federal standards, even by the standards of the Department of Defense.  Second, those who support this system are telling us that our goal is to basically protect America from attack by rogue missiles, by those enemies of the United States who might launch a missile at us and threaten our cities and population. So the importance of the system we are talking about cannot be overstated.  Third, we know that if we go forward with this, we run the risk of complicating our negotiations with other countries in the world--particularly Russia and China--about the reduction in their nuclear arsenals. So this is high-stakes poker. We are talking about a decision, in terms of our national defense, which may be one of the most important in history.  I have a very straightforward amendment that will require that the national missile defense system test realistic countermeasures before becoming operational, and that an independent review panel--the Welch panel--assess the testing program in light of these countermeasure problems. The President is slated to decide soon whether to deploy a national missile defense system. This bill we are debating authorizes spending almost $5 billion in the next fiscal year for this program.  The Congressional Budget Office has estimated the contemplated national missile defense total cost at $60 billion, when all components are considered. Whether one thinks that deciding to deploy a national missile defense system at this moment is a good idea or not, I hope we can all agree that once that system becomes operational, it should work. If we are going to spend $60 billion, we ought to have a high level of confidence that it will in fact protect us from rogue states firing a missile. If the fate of America will truly hang in the balance, we owe this Nation and every family and every mother, father, and child our very best effort in building a credible, effective deterrence.  Such a high level of confidence is not possible until this system is tested against likely responses from emerging missile states, known as countermeasures or decoys. If the missile system cannot discriminate between warheads and decoys, it is, as a practical matter, useless because enemies will simply be able to overwhelm it with cheap decoys.  At this point, I will yield time to my colleagues who have gathered here to be part of this debate. At the end of their statements, I will reclaim my time and conclude.  