President, the Senate is about to engage in a debate about our Nation's budget for the next fiscal year which begins in October. When one tries to measure the values of politicians and political parties, the first place to look is how they spend money. Speeches are one thing, but the way we spend our money really explains who we are and what we value.  There is a real difference of opinion now between Democrats and Republicans about how we are going to spend our money in the next budget. On theDemocratic side, we happen to believe we have a strong story to tell the American people about the progress that has been made in America under the Clinton-Gore administration for the last 7 years. In fact, a month or so ago, we completed the longest economic expansion in the history of the United States of America.  It is every political party's dream to be able to stand in this Chamber and say what I just said. Under the leadership of President Clinton and Vice President Gore, America is moving in the right direction. We are creating more jobs, and we are solving problems that people thought were intractable and insolvable not that long ago.  Take a look at the record from 1993 to the year 2000. We turned a record deficit of $290 billion in 1992 into a surplus of $176 billion in the year 2000. We have seen a paydown in our national debt. We have had 107 consecutive months of economic growth, and many new jobs and new houses and new businesses have been created.  Take a look at what they said was going to happen. These are the experts who tell us what we can expect. They said in 1993 that we were going to have a debt increase. They projected it at $761 billion over the last 2 years. In other words, more red ink, more need for us to borrow money and pay interest on it.  What happened instead under the leadership of this President? We ended up with a surplus. We actually paid down the debt of this country by $140 billion.  There are a lot of young people who come to Washington, DC, to visit this Capitol and to see their Government in action. I say to these young people, the best thing we can do for you is to continue on this course. Once this debt starts to go away, the need to pay interest on it goes away as well.  We collect $1 billion a day in taxes from families and individuals and businesses just to pay interest on old debt. We are moving in the right direction. America should not change course. We must keep expanding this economy and creating opportunity.  Take a look at what has happened between the end of 1992 and 1999. More Americans owned homes. This is the American dream, and the dream has gotten better for millions of Americans because the economy is strong and interest rates are under control and inflation is in check.  Take a look, as well, at the incomes of Americans across many groups. Those at the lowest income level all the way to those at the highest income level have seen a steady increase in inflation-adjusted income during the period of the Clinton-Gore Presidency. More people are buying homes, and income levels are going up for virtually every group across America.  Take a look at the tax burden, too, because many people on the Republican side will say taxes have gone up. They have not. Take a look at the median income for a four-person family and the percent of taxes they are paying: 16.8 percent in 1992, 15.1 percent in 1999. The tax burden for the typical family in America has gone down.  Of course, it is good news when it comes to employment. We have the lowest unemployment rate in 30 years: 7.5 percent when the President came to office, now down to 4.2 percent.  The problem most American businesses tell me about when I visit them is: We need to find skilled workers; we have job opportunities; we need the workers to fill them.  Now what are we going to do? We are going to debate a budget resolution in the Senate and the House where the Republicans will come forward and say we need to change all this; we need to try a different approach; things are not working as well as they could.  I think we ought to let history be our guide, and it is suggesting to us that we are on the right path, we are in the right direction, and we do not want to change course and go out on a risky venture.  The real question now is whether the Republican leadership in the Senate will come forward with a budget that has a tax cut proposed by their likely candidate for President, George W. Bush from Texas. It is a substantial tax cut and one, from my point of view, which goes too far and threatens the viability of the Social Security trust fund.  Take a look at what the tax cut means. The Bush tax cut which was proposed during the course of his campaign--and I am sure it will be the centerpiece of his campaign from this point forward--says that if you happen to be in the top 1 percent of American earners with an income above $300,000 a year, your cut is $50,000 each year. Not bad. In the 60-percent range, with income below $39,000, the George W. Bush tax cut is worth about $29 a month.  Does it make sense that we would jeopardize the growth of our economy, keeping our debt under control, paying it down, creating jobs, new businesses, and home ownership to give a tax cut of $50,000 a year to the richest people in America? The Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, Alan Greenspan, said: Don't do it; it doesn't make sense; it is risky; it is dangerous.  I hope we do not. But the Senate and House Republicans will present their budget, and they will tell us whether they stand behind Governor George W. Bush and their tax cut proposal or they want to stand behind the plan that has brought the economic prosperity we enjoy today.  The President has come forward with a responsible budget. It pays down our national debt, it creates targeted tax cuts, and if we are going to take some of our surplus and give it to American families, it provides we do it for things they need: A $3,000 long-term care tax credit for the fastest growing group of Americans, those over the age of 85, to help the sons and daughters of those who are in older age situations to pay for their long-term care; expanded educational opportunity--we need a new college opportunity tax cut. This is going to help people across the board, regardless of income; A deduction of college expenses so that young people can go to school, improve their skills, and add to our economy and their lives.  Marriage penalty relief is something I think should be done on a bipartisan basis. The President proposes it; money for new accounts, retirement, and expanding the earned income tax credit.  This is the bottom line: In a matter of a few hours, the Senate Budget Committee, under the leadership of Senator Domenici, will come forward with a budget, and we will be able to see for the first time whether or not the Republicans on Capitol Hill support George W. Bush's call for a tax cut, a tax cut that has been branded unwise by Chairman Greenspan and one that, by any modest projection, is going to invade the Social Security trust fund.  It will be a test to see what the real issue of this campaign will be: Whether the congressional Republicans back Mr. Bush's idea and want to venture out on some risky and perhaps dangerous venture that could jeopardize the growth in our economy or they want to stay the course on a responsible, fiscally disciplined approach that has come forward in the last 7 years.  The American people are going to have a clear choice. If every election is a pocketbook election, we on the Democratic side welcome it. America's pocketbooks are better now than they were 7 years ago. We believe Americans want to continue this progress and move forward, addressing those people in America who have not benefited from this economic expansion, addressing serious challenges such as expanding education and health care, and doing it in a fiscally sensible way so that at the bottom line, on the last day, in the final chapter, we can say to the next generation of Americans: We paid down this debt, we gave you a strong America moving forward, and now it is your chance to take over.  That is the best thing we can do, and we do not want to jeopardize that by giving tax cuts to wealthy people, spending money we do not have, and ignoring the reality of the progress we have made over the last 7 years.  I can recall when President Clinton came forward with his budget proposal in 1993 that started us on this path of economic expansion.  We could not get a single Republican vote to support it--not one in the House or the Senate. In fact, Vice President Gore cast the deciding vote for the President's budget plan. Not a single Republican Senator would support it. Thank goodness the Vice President was there to do it.  When he cast that vote, we not only won on that issue, the American people won. We embarked on a course which has really given America a great opportunity. This is an optimistic and forward-looking Nation now.  This Presidential campaign, and all of those who are candidates in congressional elections, will now put to the test the question as to whether or not we are going to continue this course of moving forward with the progress in our economy.  To the naysayers who claim to have a better idea, I suggest that historically there has never been a period of greater economic expansion in this country. We want it to continue. We will see this Republican budget tomorrow and find out whether the leaders, the congressional leaders on Capitol Hill, want to continue this course that really moves America forward or if they want some risky new venture that includes the Bush tax cut.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  