This is a tax which is paid by less than 2 percent of the people who die in America. Those who pay it are in the very highest income categories. When the Republican leadership put together its list of priorities of the most important things to be done under the Tax Code, they said the first and most important thing to do, and one of the most expensive things we can do, is to relieve the wealthiest people in America from paying an estate tax. That, to me, raises a question of priorities.  Who will be first in line on the Republican side of the aisle to benefit from this congressional action? According to the Republican leaders, the first in line will be the people who are first in line in the world--the wealthiest in this country, the wealthiest who will benefit from the elimination of this estate tax.  The New York Times editorial on June 11 of this year summarizes the impact of this Republican proposal:       Seldom have so many voted for a gargantuan tax cut for so      few. Abolishing the estate tax would have severe      consequences. When fully phased in, the bill would cost about      $50 billion a year. Repeal would also threaten the Nation's      finest universities and museums. Wealthy families no longer      facing estate tax cuts might well decide to leave more money      to their families, and less to charity.       The Democrats offered a more than reasonable alternative.      Yet the House swatted the alternative aside, demonstrating      that a large majority of Members were less concerned with      rescuing family farms and businesses than with enriching      their wealthiest supporters.  Another editorial worth making part of the Record is from USA Today on June 9:       But behind the caterwauling about the ``death tax'' the      truth is quite different. Most people will never be affected      by inheritance taxes: 98 percent of all estates aren't big      enough to be liable. Even among the elite 2 percent, very few      are farmers and small businesses. But there are better ways      to spend $50 billion a year than handing it to the heirs of      the wealthiest people in the country. Take your pick: Middle      class tax cuts, improved health benefits for seniors or      paying down the national debt for starters.  That is what this is about.  The question we have to ask ourselves, Whose side are we on? Are we on the side of the wealthiest people in this country in terms of helping them out or will we be on the side of businesses, family farms, and families who are struggling to get by?  Another topic we are debating that relates to this debate on the estate tax is something called an H-1B visa.  