President, in 2 weeks the American people are going to face one of the toughest choices they have had perhaps in modern memory.  This Presidential race is not just a choice between two individuals and whether, frankly, one has a better image on television, or more experience, or a better speaking voice. It comes down to basic questions of values envisioned for this country. Thereare two contrasting views to be chosen. I can recall 4 years ago coming to the Senate when the Republicans all lined up and said that our economy was in such terrible shape, and the Federal budget was in such bad shape, we would have to amend the Constitution with a balanced budget amendment because of our deficits. They were so desperate they wanted to give the power to the Federal courts to stop Congress from spending.  Four years later, look at the difference. We are not talking about deficits; we are talking about how to spend the surplus, and we are talking about an economy which, for 8 years, has been cooking, creating 22 million new jobs. There is more home ownership than at any time in our history. Welfare rolls are coming down and crime rates are coming down. Opportunities for businesses, for minorities, for women are unparalleled in our history. When you look at advanced placement courses in schools, we have more Hispanics and African Americans enrolling in them than ever before in our history.  America is moving forward, and I am glad to say we have been part of it in Congress. We can't take credit for it anymore than the President can or Alan Greenspan can. It is a joint effort of families and businesses across America. But make no mistake, the right policy in Washington set the stage for this to happen. When President Clinton said, ``I am going to make a meaningful effort to reduce the national deficits,'' frankly, we didn't get a single Republican vote to support us. Not one. Vice President Gore came to the floor of the Senate and cast the tie-breaking vote, and we started on a path in 1993 that led to where we are today. There are some people who think this is automatic in America, that prosperity is a matter of standing aside and watching it happen.  I know better. I have been in the Congress long enough to know that the wrong policies in the White House can jeopardize economic prosperity. Do you remember the early days of the Reagan years when they came up with an idea called ``supply side economics'' and the appropriately named ``Laffer curve''? We followed that crazy notion long enough to find ourselves deep in red ink, with the biggest deficits in history, the largest national debt and America on the ropes. Thank goodness we have broken away from that.  Should we experiment again? George W. Bush suggests he wants a $1.6 trillion tax cut going primarily to wealthy people in America. Can we run that risk? The highest 1 percent of wage earners who will see over 40 percent of the George W. Bush tax cut are people who are making more than $300,000 a year. I can't understand why a person who has an income of $25,000 a month needs a $2,000 a month tax cut. But that is what Governor Bush has proposed. He says it is only fair and right; these are taxpayers, too. Think of Bill Gates. He has been very successful with Microsoft. He is worth billions of dollars. According to George W. Bush, he needs a tax cut. I don't think so.  George W. Bush should take into consideration that the net worth of Bill Gates is greater than the combined net worth of 106 million Americans. He doesn't need our help. The people who need our help, frankly, are families struggling to pay for college expenses. We on the Democratic side believe that we need tax cuts targeted to help families in a real way so they can deduct college tuition and fees up to $12,000 a year to help kids get through college and have a better life.  We also believe we ought to help families who are going to work trying to find something to do with their children. Day care is an important issue for so many families. We want to increase the tax credit for day care and also give a tax credit for stay-at-home moms who are willing to make the economic sacrifice for their children.  Finally, when it comes to long-term care, so many of us have seen aging parents and grandparents who need a helping hand. I have seen families making extra sacrifices for those parents. Our tax program would give a targeted tax cut to help those families.  