President, hardly a day goes by that we do not hear of another tragic shooting across America. The latest news from Texas is still sketchy, but the results are horrible: Four people who apparently were injured by gunfire in a church and the assailant taking his own life with a gun. It is a constant reminder. Only 2 or 3 weeks ago, a Michigan first grader took a loaded handgun to school and killed his little classmate. That is America today, a nation of some 300 million weapons.  On Capitol Hill, the debate over guns and their future really gets pretty heated and inflammatory on both sides, and the parties are at it. Frankly, as I travel across the State of Illinois and I talk with people from other States, I believe the families in this country get it. They understand what this is all about. They appreciate what we can and cannot do to make things better.  They do not believe for a second that we can pass a law that will end gun violence in America. That is beyond us. I wish we could. I do believe there are things we can do to make America a safer place.  Some want to argue between the possibilities of increased enforcement of current laws and closing loopholes which allow people to get guns who should not have them. That is a false choice. This Senator wants both. The people who misuse guns should be prosecuted and imprisoned, no questions asked. By the same token, we should do everything in our power to keep guns out of the hands of criminals, people with a history of violent mental illness, and children. I think we need both--zero tolerance and zero loopholes. I do not think it is a choice. We need both. If we go after both in an aggressive bipartisan approach, we can start to see the numbers come down on gun violence; we can have a little more peace of mind about our kids going to school and coming home safe and sound at the end of the day.  Last year, we had a bill on the floor of the Senate after the Columbine massacre which focused on two major points: If you buy a gun at a gun store in America, they do a background check. They will figure out whether or not you can legally own a gun. That is the Brady law. The Brady law has been successful.  It is hard to believe, but true, that people with a history of committing crimes and felonies, people who have outstanding arrest warrants--not very bright, I might add--show up at gun stores trying to buy guns. We do not want that to happen. We want to stop them.  There is a role there for the Federal Government in having this law. There is a bigger role for State and local law enforcement in making sure those people who have outstanding arrest warrants, for example, are prosecuted. That is what happens when you go to a gun store.  We also know in America one can buy guns at gun shows. There is a loophole there: There is no background check. If you happen to have a problem under the law--let's say a felony record or perhaps a history of mental illness or you are too young--you do not go to the gun store where they enforce the law, you go to the gun show where they do not. That is the loophole we want to close. That was in the law that was passed last year in the Senate. The vote was 49-49, incidentally. Vice President Gore cast the deciding vote. We sent the bill over to the House where it has languished for almost a year. Nothing has happened.  The second thing that was in that law, which I think most Americans would agree is common sense, was: Isthere a way for those who own guns to store them safely? The answer is obviously yes. It involves trigger locks. You may have heard that Smith & Wesson, the largest handgun manufacturer in the United States, suggested they will start selling trigger locks automatically with their handguns. It is common sense they will give to the gun owner the wherewithal to make their gun childproof.  Some people say: It is the middle of the night and a burglar comes to the door; I am fumbling around trying to find the key--you can decide what you do at night. When you go off to work and leave the gun behind with children in the house or when other kids visit, don't you want to lock it up so a kid cannot get his hands on it and shoot himself or a playmate?  That is what trigger locks are all about. That was the second major part of the bill that passed the Senate last year and still languishes in the House of Representatives.  What is so radical about those two suggestions: That a gun show will try to find out whether or not you are legally eligible to own a gun before they sell it to you; that if you are going to sell a gun in America, it is with a trigger lock so it can be safer?  It is time for us to cool down the political rhetoric around here--and let me be the first to volunteer because I feel very strongly about this--and try to see if maybe there is some common ground. If the people on one side want more enforcement, such as Operation Exile, which is working in some cities across America, I will support it, I will vote for it.  I want more enforcement, too. In fact, I am going to offer an amendment in the Budget Committee which is going to say to my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans: Let's put some money into this. Let's show that we believe in enforcement and prosecution on a bipartisan basis. This is not a partisan issue. I do not want criminals roaming the streets, gang bangers shooting up the streets of Chicago or my hometown of Springfield. I am ready to push for more prosecution and enforcement, without question. Let's put the money into more ATF agents and more prosecutors to get that job done.  I will concede to the other side that prosecution and enforcement are important. Let's do it. This Democrat will stand with Republicans to get that done.  I ask in return that Republican Senators take a look at what we passed last year. Some, including the Presiding Officer, voted for it, and I am very proud that he did. We need more. We need to have Senators on both sides of the aisle to come forward and say, yes, trigger locks make sense; let's make them part of America's landscape to protect children; and those who will also say that gun shows should not be exempt from the basic laws of this country.  There are other things we can talk about in terms of sensible, commonsense gun control. I do not know if we will get them accomplished this year, but certainly I hope that before the first anniversary of the Columbine tragedy, this Congress will end its gridlock on the gun control issue. The people of this country expect more. They do not want to see this historic Chamber grind to a halt because of a special interest group in this town. They want to see goodwill on both sides of the aisle.  I will say this: If we fail, if we do nothing, if another day, another week, and another month go by with the tragic headlines we see so often about killings in churches and schools and day-care centers, if that happens, the American people will be justifiably angry in this election. They should hold all candidates accountable.  Members of the House of Representatives, Members of the Senate, and the two men who are likely to be the leading candidates for President of the United States--all of us, I should say--should be held accountable to answer the basic question: When you had the chance serving in the U.S. Congress, what did you do? Did you try to do anything to make this country safer, to make certain that when I walk out on the streets of my town or send my little boy or girl to school, I have a little more peace of mind?  We have the ability; we have the opportunity. The question is whether we can summon the political will. One cannot turn on the television in this town, and probably in others, without seeing ads from one special interest group or the other that wants to get us tangled up in some theoretical debate about the second amendment and the future of gun control.  I hope this Congress, and particularly this Senate, can get beyond the theory into the reality. The reality is: Over 40 percent of Americans own guns; there are over 300 million guns now in our Nation of some 275 million people; and even the gun owners believe intensely in sensible and responsible gun control. They believe guns should be stored safely, that those who own them should know how to use them, and they should be kept out of the hands of the wrong people. That is a consensus among gun owners, not to mention those who do not own guns who feel even more strongly about the same issues.  I hope this Congress, which tends to lurch back and forth from minor but somewhat important issues, will focus on a major and very important issue: Making America a safer place.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  