President, a little over a year ago in Littleton, CO, at Columbine High School, there was a shooting incident which shocked America. We saw in that high school an event which we did not believe could happen in the United States, where students could get guns through a gunshow, go into a high school filled with other students, and open fire, killing 12 or 13 students and injuring many others. It shocked America's conscience.  As a result, the Senate began to consider gun control legislation--frankly, more gun safety legislation--to keep guns out of the hands of those who would misuse them. We are a nation of 200 million guns. Many of us believe guns should be kept out of the hands of criminals and children.  So we considered legislation on the floor of the Senate to do a background check at gun shows so kids and criminals would not have access to guns through these gun shows. We know the Brady law requires a background check at gun dealers. We think the same should apply to gun shows.  We also thought handguns should have a trigger lock so children who were looking around for something that was unusual and different or challenging would not find a loaded gun and hurt themselves or a playmate. We read about that almost every day. A trigger lock is a way to make sure that gun is securely stored away from children.  In another part of the bill, we dealt with the whole question of these high-capacity ammo clips, imported into the United States from overseas, that have absolutely no value whatsoever for any legitimate sportsman or hunter. They are people killers.  We considered that bill on the floor of the Senate. The vote on that bill was 49-49, a tie vote. As provided under the Constitution of the United States, the Vice President came and cast the tie-breaking vote. We sent that bill over to the House in the hopes we could reduce some of the gun violence in America after Columbine High School.  The National Rifle Association got its hands on that bill over in the House, and that was the end of it. They stripped from that bill virtually any of the provisions I described to you and sent it to a conference where it has languished for almost 8 months. During that period of time many more people have been killed by gun violence in America.  Just a few weeks ago, the Million Mom March across the United States brought out mothers on Mother's Day who gave up a celebration with their family to come out and talk about the need in America for gun safety, for gun control, sensible gun control. Yet this Congress has turned a deaf ear. We have refused even to acknowledge that this gun violence is rampant in America as in no other nation on Earth.  Every day now, for the last week, Members of the Senate have come to the floor to memorialize those who died a year ago today, after Columbine, after Littleton, CO, after Jonesboro, AR, and all of the other cities where we saw the gun violence that captured our imagination and basically stunned America. We come to the floor each day to read the names of some of the victims. These are victims whose names were collected by the U.S. Conference of Mayors from cities large and small to remind us that a year ago today these people, whose names I am about to read, died because of gun violence--people who had otherwise normal lives and families and aspired to all the good things we do in life. They lost their lives because of gun violence.  Many times, issues on the floor of the Senate and the House really do not become very personal. They are statistics. We just refer to them in the abstract. This is not about statistics. It is not about abstract thought. It is about real human lives that have been lost to gun violence a year ago today and, sadly, will be lost to gun violence again today.  Following are the names of some of the people who were killed by gunfire 1 year ago, on May 24, 1999: Michael Calim, age 32, Houston, TX; Mark Raiffie, age 47, St. Louis, MO; Gary Ricks, age 51, Detroit, MI; Bobby L. Williams, age 40, Houston, TX; Ronald Williams, age 47, Miami-Dade County, FL; an unidentified female, San Francisco, CA.  Today in America there will be more gun deaths. We must remember that among those gun deaths will be 12 children who will die. The National Rifle Association at their recent convention said: We know who those 12 kids are; they are the gang bangers, drug gangs, and all the rest. You can expect that.  They are wrong. Included among those 12 children are those who commit suicide with guns, those who play with guns, little infants killing themselves or a playmate, certainly those who are victims of gang bangers and, believe me, I have seen innocent young men and women who have been maimed. I have talked with the parents of people who have been killed on the streets of one of my cities in Illinois, Chicago. These were children waiting for a schoolbus when somebody came by and sprayed bullets from one of these weapons and injured or killed students.  For the National Rifle Association to say we basically should ignore these 12 children who die every day in America because they are part of drug gangs is a sad commentary on this organization and a sad commentary that they are out of touch with the reality of gun violence as it affects every family in America today. I yield the floor.  