The important question is, What did we learn in August?  As we went home to our States and spoke to families across Illinois and other States represented in this body, the question was whether the Members of the U.S. Senate will return with the resolve to do something.  You see, for the last several years, the Senate has done virtually nothing when it comes to the important issues facing working families across America. The families I met in Illinois during the month of August were, I guess, almost unanimous in their belief that this Congress should waste no time in enacting a meaningful prescription drug benefit under Medicare. I no longer have to give the speech about Medicare and prescription drugs. The audience gives it to me. They say: Senator, did you know if you cross the border and go into Canada, you can buy the same drugs at half the price? I say: Yes, I was about to tell you that. They say: Did you know people are paying more if they are elderly or disabled than virtually any other group in America? I say: Yes, I was about to tell you that, too.  The audience gives you the speech before you can deliver it. Then they ask the most important question: If you know all this, why haven't you done anything? Why hasn't this Congress enacted a prescription drug benefit under Medicare? The truth is that the pharmaceutical companies have come to the Congress with their special interests and powerful lobbyists and they have stopped us cold. The Republican leadership in the House and the Senate has basically tried to keep the pharmaceutical companies happy and the insurance companies happy and have said they will trust the insurance companies to provide protection to American families. Well, I can't even say that with a straight face in Illinois because families there know that when you leave it up to insurance companies and it comes to medical care, you don't get the best decisions; you get decisions driven by the bottom line for the profit margin.  So those of us on the Democratic side want to give our friends on the Republican side one last chance before the election to vote for a meaningful prescription drug benefit under Medicare that is universal, which will apply to everybody, as Medicare applies to everybody. Instead, of course, the Republicans want to talk about an estate tax break for the wealthiest Americans--a tax cut of a trillion dollars; and, 40 percent of it or more will go to those making over $300,000 a year. After you have spent the trillion dollars on a tax cut for the wealthy, there is not much left to take care of prescription drug benefits under Medicare. There is very little, if any, money left to help families pay for college education.  I was at several universities across Illinois talking about a proposal on the Democratic side--one that Vice President Gore supports--to give a college tax credit or a deduction for families. That is what families talk about.  ``It is a lovely baby. He looks like his dad. He has been sleeping all night. How are we going to pay for his college?'' That is what you hear when you go to a nursery and look at a new infant. It is a legitimate concern.  We on the Democratic side of the aisle believe that if we are going to have any tax cuts, we should target them to the needs of American families--the need to pay for college education and for training. The deductibility of $12,000 a year in tuition and fees can have a dramatic impact on families.  The Republican leadership just doesn't buy it. They think if there is to be a tax cut, it has to go to the wealthiest people in America. I think it should go to the hardest working people in America--those who deserve it the most, not the least. Those are the families who get up and go to work every day to try to put their kids through school and who try to make this a better country.  That will be the debate you will hear over the next several weeks. If it sounds reminiscent of what you are hearing from the Presidential campaign trail, it is because there is a clear difference between the two major candidates for President. There is a clear difference between the parties on the floor.  We on the Democratic side are going to plead with the Republicans to give us four or five votes so we can pass a prescription drug benefit under Medicare, and targeted tax cuts to pay for college education expenses so people can have a deduction--so when they have long-term care for an aging parent, they can take care of that parent or grandparent, and an additional tax credit for day care so people going to work can leave their kids in a safe environment.  These are the real family issues. The Republicans have not really listened closely.  I hope that Republicans, as they left the Philadelphia convention in August and watched what happened in the national debate at the Presidential level, understand that we really face a serious need in this country in helping families. It is not enough anymore to argue that the wealthy are getting wealthier. Working families want help, too, so their parents and grandparents can pay for prescription drugs and take care of the necessities of life.  I yield the remainder of my time.  