President, the issue of nuclear waste is an important one in my home state of Illinois. More than half the electricity generated in our state comes from nuclear power plants. We have an extraordinarily large amount of nuclear waste in our state. We would like to see it moved, once and for all, to a safe facility away from population centers in Illinois and virtually in every other state.  In that respect, I admire the Senator from Alaska for his tenacity in trying to come forward with a nuclear waste bill that will put to rest an issue that literally will challenge us for centuries to come.  This nuclear waste, once transported, is still dangerous. We have to find a politically and scientifically acceptable way to move it to a safe spot in America where we can not only store it for the future generations that we can think of, but also for the generations in centuries to come who could still be exposed to this hazard.  Having said that, the nuclear waste bill supported by the majority, and vetoed by President Clinton, fails the most important test. This bill, S. 1287, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2000, is not environmentally responsible.  First, it prevents the Federal Government from taking ownership and legal responsibility for the nuclear waste in Illinois and around the nation. The omission of this provision undermines the U.S. Department of Energy's efforts to resolve lawsuits with utilities and to focus on the development of a permanent repository for this waste.  In addition, this bill establishes unrealistic deadlines for the completion of a repository and the transportation of waste to that facility. The bill sets deadlines for the Department of Energy under terms that the Department of Energy says they cannot meet. They are physically impossible. Failure to set realistic deadlines threatens public health and safety and the environment, and will only lead to further lawsuits in the future.  Finally--I believe this is the most telling point--this bill purposely bars the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency from establishing a radiation safety standard for the national waste site until after the Presidential election. The science will not change after the Presidential election, but many writing this bill hope the President will change and that they will be able to elect a President who has a different environmental point of view.  When it comes to the safety of future generations from radiation hazards, it should not be determined by the outcome of an election. It should be determined by scientists who take into account public health and safety.  I refuse to be part of this deal that plays politics with the health and safety of Illinoisans and millions of Americans. I want the nuclear waste safely removed from my state and stored safely so it will never endanger future generations. The President was right to veto this bill. I support his position.  