This is the advice given by the pollsters and consultants for the Republican leadership when it comes to the prescription drug issue. It has already been made part of the Congressional Record, but it is there for the world to see, and I want to quote one line and one line only to tell you what the bottom line message is:       It is more important to communicate that you have a plan as      it is to communicate what is in the plan.  If you talk about the cynicism people feel about politicians and campaigns, that hits the nail on the head. In other words, don't describe it, don't tell people what it is going to do for families across America, just tell them you care, tell them you have a plan. That is the thing I think turns people off the most.  If the Republicans have a better idea, for goodness' sake, come forward with it. Let's debate it. That is what this is supposed to be about.  We have a plan. We are willing to debate it. We are willing to stand up for it on the floor. I believe in it. I will campaign for it in Illinois and any other place. But to come up with an idea, a few words to try to gloss over this so people forget before the election what this is about, is really a mistake.  Here is something else I want to note in the Republican consultants' document to the Congressional Republican leadership:       Prescription drug coverage is one of the Democrats' ``Four      Corners: offense for winning back the House--along with      health care, education and Social Security.  That is a quote directly. Yes, it is true. I would say that pollster has really hit the nail on the head. This is exactly what we are trying to do. We are trying to focus this election campaign, not on negative slam ads, not on personal attacks, but on four basic issues. For goodness' sake, we are willing to stand up and say this is what our vision of America will be. We look at this country and we feel blessed. We live in one of the greatest nations in the history of the world.  We feel doubly blessed that we are living in such good times for most Americans. This is a period of economic prosperity unparalleled in our history. One cannot find this long a string of good economic progress in the history of the United States.  Who can take credit for it? First and foremost, Americans and families can take credit for it because they work hard every day. They start the businesses. They teach the kids. Those things have paid off. That is where the credit belongs, first and foremost.  From a policy viewpoint, credit also has to be given to those people who make good decisions when it comes to our economy. We made a good decision in the Senate and in the House as well in 1993 when President Clinton said: The first thing we will do is reduce the deficit. Once we bring that deficit under control, we think the economy will move forward.  We could not get a single Republican in the House or the Senate to vote with us on that. Only the Democrats voted for it and Vice President Gore, sitting in the Presiding Officer's chair, cast the tie-breaking vote to reduce the deficit and move us forward. And it worked.  Critics on the other side of the aisle, a Republican Senator from Texas, said this was going to create an economic disaster for America. He has a little egg on his face today because for 7 years it has created just the opposite: economic prosperity. That was a good decision.  Tough decisions from the Federal Reserve Board regarding interest rates, for example, have kept inflation under control.  We are moving forward. We believe on the Democratic side that we cannot stand back and say we deserve election and reelection because of all the good things we did in the past. That is not good enough. If any party deserves election or reelection, it is because they learned the lessons of history and they have a vision of the future.  The vision tells us to take the surplus we are generating in our Treasury and pay down the national debt, a debt of almost $6 trillion that cost us taxpayers $1 billion a day in interest payments. That is right, the payroll taxes they are taking out of your paycheck and taking away from businesses and families across America to the tune of $1 billion a day do not educate a kid, they do not buy anything to enhance the security of America. That money is used exclusively to pay interest on old debt.  Think about it. We are paying interest on the debt for things we bought years ago that we have already built and maybe have used. We on the Democratic side believe that the fiscally prudent thing to do, the responsible thing to do is to take our surplus and reduce that $6 trillion debt. I want to say to my kids and my grandson: The best legacy I can leave you is less of an American debt so that you do not have to carry my burdens into your generation.  I believe that makes sense, and that is what Vice President Gore has stood for: To reduce America's national debt and to strengthen Social Security and Medicare as we do that to make sure those two systems are there for years to come.  If we just stop at that point, we would not be doing enough. We have to have a vision for this next century and ask, What decisions can we make as leaders of Government in Washington today to create opportunities for tomorrow?  It comes down to the four basic issues already identified by the Democrats and acknowledged by the Republicans.  First, health care in America. It is disgraceful in America that we still have tens of millions of people who have no health insurance. Think about their vulnerability: an accident, an illness, and all the plans they have made for their life just fall apart. They have medical bills they cannot possibly pay. People are in a vulnerable position because we have not addressed health care in America. We believe we need to address health care when it comes to not only coverage of health insurance but prescription drug benefits for the elderly and disabled under Medicare and, most basically to make sure medical decisions are made by doctors and not by insurance companies.  Yesterday, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in an importantcase involving an HMO, a managed care company, in my State of Illinois at the Carle Clinic. A woman called the Carle Clinic in Bloomingdale, IL, and reported she was having pains in her stomach. They said: We would like to examine you. Why don't you come in in 8 days.  Before she could go to the clinic her appendix burst, and she went through a terrible situation and a terrible recuperation in the hospital.  She came to learn that this plan, as so many other managed care plans, actually rewarded doctors financially if they showed more profit for the company as opposed to providing quality health care. The bottom line was making money. The bottom line said let the lady wait at home for 8 days and see if she still complains instead of bringing her into the office for an examination.  She sued them. She said: I thought I could trust you. I thought that was the bottom line when it comes to the health insurance company. The bottom line was profit, and it was made at my expense. I paid for it in a hospital stay.  The Supreme Court said: You cannot do anything about it. Congress passed legislation that said managed care companies can do that and you cannot sue them. Your right against these companies is extremely limited. That is a Federal decision.  That is a decision that should be changed. That is one Democrats have pushed for on Capitol Hill for years and the Republican leadership has blocked it. These insurance companies are making big dollars. They are big special interest groups. They are big players on the Washington political scene. They do not want anybody changing these rules. That is why they have resisted, and that is why we have done literally nothing in the Senate and the House to deal with these abuses.  Education: Can anyone think of anything in the 21st century more important than education in America? I cannot. We are going to have a debate in the near future on trade. It is a hot issue. There are many who believe globalization and free trade are part of America's future, part of the future of the world. To resist trade is to resist gravity: It is going to happen.  The question is, How will we respond to it? Many workers are concerned that if there is expanded trade, they might lose their jobs. Companies will take their plants and move them overseas, and folks who have good jobs today will not have them tomorrow. Shouldn't we as a nation acknowledge that, whether the jobs are lost to trade or technology? Shouldn't we be putting in place transition training and education so workers do not have to fear this inevitable change in the economy?  We are not hearing any suggestions on this from the Republican side. They do not believe there should be a Federal role when it comes to education and training. They talk about it being State and local. It has been historically, but we have had Federal leadership that has made a difference on these issues. We believe on the Democratic side we should continue to do that.  I will tell my colleagues about another related issue. We know from the best companies in America that the single biggest problem they have today is not estate taxes; it is not a tax burden under the code. The single biggest problem they have today is jobs they cannot fill with skilled workers.  I hear that in Illinois everywhere I go. I was in Itasca yesterday with the Chamber of Commerce. That is their concern as well. We have to acknowledge the fact there are good paying jobs unfilled in America because we do not have skilled workers to fill them.  What do we do about it? Wait for the market to create an answer? I hope we will do more. In 1957, when the Russians launched Sputnik and we were afraid we were going to lose the space race, this Congress responded and said: We will respond as a nation. We will create the National Defense Education Act. We are going to encourage young people to get a college education to be scientists, to be engineers, to compete with the Russians. We did it. It was an investment that paid off handsomely. We created an engine for growth in the American economy that not only made certain the private sector had the people they needed but also sent a man to the Moon and so many other achievements unparalleled in the history of the world.  Why are we not doing the same thing today? Why are we not acknowledging we need to make an investment at the Federal level to help pay for college education so kids have a chance to become tomorrow's scientists and engineers, leaders of the 21st century so we do not have to import computer experts from India and Pakistan?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L. Chafee). The Senator's time has expired.  