It is about time America gets serious about an energy policy. I can recall that in previous administrations we had statements of fuel efficiency on vehicles and on appliances, and, frankly, some people on the other side of the aisle thought that was a heavyhanded move by the Government. They have been fighting off that information at a time when we should have it. We ought to be looking to alternative sources, not only alternative sources for fuel, responsible sources in the United States, but also alternative fuels. This is not radical thinking. It is sensible that we would look for alternatives to our dependence on foreign fuel. I think when Vice President Gore raises environmental concerns, those are concerns most Americans share.  Let me go on to another point raised by the Senator from Texas. He raised the marriage tax penalty, which is imposed on people who, because their combined incomes bring them to a higher tax rate, pay more after they are married than before. I say to the Senator from Texas--he probably knows this--the Democrats, the Republicans, and the President agree that this should be changed. There is no controversy here. For him to raise it in the debate baffles me.  Second, when it comes to the estate tax, do you know what percentage of Americans pay the estate tax? I will answer this question. It is 1.3 percent of the estates that pay the estate tax.  Now, yesterday, I had a chance to meet a gentleman by the name of Bill Gates, who runs Microsoft Corporation. He has had a bad month. His net worth went down from $70 billion to $52 billion. When he passes away, I don't believe it is unreasonable that he would pay some taxes back to the America, which has given him a chance to succeed, to pay for education and opportunities for the next generation.  Obviously, the Senator from Texas thinks that is unfair and unjust. I do not. I do concur with his belief that we ought to change the estate tax law so that family farmers and family businesses can pass their enterprises on without penalty, under most circumstances. I already introduced a resolution to that effect in the Senate last year. I hope we can do that. But to eliminate the estate tax on Bill Gates doesn't strike me as the progressive thinking of the Senator from Texas. He is entitled to his point of view.  Let me talk to you about his conjecture that President Clinton in his budget is going to dramatically increase spending.  The Senator from Texas will never tell you on what specifics President Clinton wants to spend money. You would think it is a wasteful expenditure here, there, and the other place. My guess is, if you take a close look at the specific areas of spending, you will find that most American families agree. There are areas where we should spend more taxpayer dollars.  Let me give you a couple of illustrations.  Can we start with education? Is there anyone who couldn't believe we should invest in education, hold the teachers and the establishment of education accountable for what comes out of the classroom but give them the resources to do a good job; pay teachers a decent salary; put the computers and technology in the classroom so they can teach adequately; and make sure schools are modernized for the 21st century?  I think that is one of the ``wasteful'' programs the Senator from Texas would have us eliminate so we can give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in American.  Look at some of the proposals by President Clinton for spending. I guess the Senator from Texas should have taken a look at this list. It appears he wants to spend some more money on additional defense for America. I don't think that is altogether a bad idea. I think that is part of the preamble of the Constitution--that the United States wants to provide for the common defense. And I am glad President Clinton has shown leadership there.  When it comes to foreign assistance, he, for example, wants to invest money to make America's embassies overseas safe from terrorism. Is that a wasteful expenditure we should do away with in the name of a $50,000-a-year tax cut that George W. Bush proposes for people making over $300,000 a year?  The list goes on and on.  Environmental toxic cleanup: The President wants to spend more on that. So do I. I don't want those toxic chemicals in the soil leeching into ground water and contaminating water supplies across America.  The President is right, and the American people know it.  In the area of agriculture, we had an effort to help our farmers across America struggling through the most difficult times. Yes. That is President Clinton's proposal for spending. Is it a valid one? You bet it is. For 2 straight years, we have passed emergency appropriations for farmers.  I take it the Senator from Texas doesn't believe we should do that; instead, we should take the George W. Bush tax cut and give a $50,000-a-year tax break to some of the wealthiest people in this country.  The list goes on and on.  Investments in transportation: So that the FAA can have modern equipment; so that when we get on an airplane with our family we have peace of mind that the best technology is available.  Yes, President Clinton wants to spend money on that, and apparently the Senator from Texas thinks that is wasteful.  I don't know how he gets back and forth to Texas. When I travel to Illinois, it is on an airplane. I want it safe for me and my family and for all of the other people who use it.  In the education area, the President's proposal would not only modernize our classrooms but increase the number of teachers so we have smaller class sizes.  A national literacy program that both Presidential candidates agree on so kids by the third grade can read and write: Is that a good proposal and a goal for the 21st century? I think so. But the Senator from Texas, obviously, takes exception. He thinks that is another wasteful Government expenditure.  He would rather give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in America. I think that is wrong. That is what elections are about.  