President, I thank my colleague from New Jersey for raising this important issue of gun safety.  One of the most important powers of the leadership on Capitol Hill is the power to schedule a hearing, the power to bring a bill to the floor, the power to tell a committee to bring a bill forward so it can be considered.  Currently, the Republicans are in control of the Senate as well as the House of Representatives, and they have this awesome congressional power and responsibility. Over the last several days, there have been calls from the leadership, the Speaker of the House as well as the majority leader of the Senate, that this Senate and House basically drop what they are doing and start gathering information and documentation for an emergency hearing on the question of what occurred in Miami, FL, last Saturday morning. That is to the exclusion of a lot of other things that could be considered by the Congress of the United States.  The Hill newspaper and others have talked about this Republican fervor over investigating Attorney General Janet Reno and others about the Elian Gonzalez controversy. This is an important issue. It has certainly captured the imagination of many Americans and the attention of the press and a lot of politicians. I think it is worth looking into to consider the procedures that have been used and could be used. But would we step back and say, when we look at the state of America today, that this is the single most important thing that we should be doing right here on Capitol Hill? My guess is, in my home State of Illinois, the State of Ohio, as well as many other States, families might suggest: Before you get into that, could you take a look at education? Could you take a look at reducing violent crime in our country? Could you consider a Patients' Bill of Rights so if someone gets sick in my family, the doctor can make the medical decision instead of the insurance company? And while you are at it, my mother or grandmother is on Medicare and can't pay for her prescription drugs. Could you take a look at that incidentally? Is that something you could put on your priority list?  Quite honestly, those things will come out in polls across America as things about which people are concerned. They would like us to drop, perhaps, our focus on a 6-year-old boy from Cuba for just a few minutes and think about education, think about reducing gun violence in America, a Patients' Bill of Rights, a prescription drug benefit. Sadly, those items are not on the agenda. They don't capture the attention of the Republican leadership. Their attention is on this 6-year-old boy.  I hope we can focus the attention of Congress on some other issues. I hope we can earn our pay for a change and consider some bills and some laws that just might improve the quality of life of families across America. I kind of thought that was part of our job. We were elected from 50 different States to come here to show some leadership and respond to the people back home to make America a better place to live.  Senator Torricelli of New Jersey talked about gun safety. We are just a few days away from the first anniversary, the sad anniversary of the tragedy at Columbine High School. That focused America's attention. It shocked us to believe that a high school in the suburbs of Denver could end up having this tragedy visited upon it and 12 children who got up and went to school never came home.  We saw that the two students who started this rampage got their guns from gun shows. We decided in Congress we had to do something. So we brought a bill forward, a gun safety bill, that had three basic provisions in it. The bill said, if you buy a gun at a gun show, we want to know whether you are legally disqualified from owning a gun. Of course, if you buy it from a gun dealer, we already make that inquiry. We want to know if you have a criminal record. We want to know if you happen to be a fugitive, a stalker, a wife beater, someone who is ineligible because they are too young, someone who has a history of violent mental illness. If we are going to preserve the second amendment right to own and bear arms, many of us believe we want to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and children.  