The argument of these businesses is that they can't find workers in America with the skills necessary. We find these arguments coming out of Silicon Valley and similar high-tech areas. They just cannot find skilled American workers to fill the jobs. They ask us to change the law and allow immigrants to come from other countries to fill these jobs. They have a legitimate concern.  Many Members believe we should do something to help them. If the alternative to bringing in people working in this country is shipping the jobs overseas, that certainly doesn't do our economy any good. Isn't it interesting that we are considering the shortages in skilled workers and allowing immigrants to come in to fill these jobs, instead of discussing as part of a program a way to improve education and training in America so we have these skilled workers?  If we are going to improve that education and training, it will cost money. Instead of putting the money into education to help kids go to college and to get special skills, the Republicans think we should put the money into tax relief for the wealthiest people in this country. That is the reprise we hear over and over again on the Republican side: Just make the wealthiest people in this country wealthier and America will be a better place to live.  I think the wealthy people can take care of themselves. They do pretty well. The people who need a helping hand are families trying to put their kids through school.  One of the tax benefits which most of us on the Democratic side support, one that has been proposed by President Clinton, allows working families to deduct the cost of college education from their taxes. That means if we have a tuition bill of $10,000, the Federal Government will basically help pay for college education expenses up to, say, $2,800 a year. That is a direct helping hand from the Government. It doesn't go to the wealthiest among us but topeople who are struggling to make sure their kids have a better chance in this world than they had.  I have often thought to myself, when a new child is born into a family, after everybody has come around and admired the child and tried to figure out if he or she looks like mom or dad or grandma or grandpa, one of the things usually said is: Boy, by the time this little one reaches college age, how will we ever afford to pay for it? That is a real conversation I have heard over and over again.  Seldom, if ever--in fact, never--have I heard families say, boy, this little one here, I am worried about how much of my estate I will be able to leave when I die. People think in terms of the needs of the living. And the needs of the living include college education. On the Republican side, this is not a priority. It is certainly not as important a priority as giving a tax break to those with the most extensive and largest estates in America.  I can recall back in the late 1950s when the Russians launched Sputnik. There was a fear in the United States that they had a scientific advantage on the U.S. and that this advantage that launched the satellite into space might lead to a military superiority. Congress decided for one of the first times in its history to provide direct assistance to students. We created something known as the National Defense Education Act. The reason I recall that so fondly is because I happened to be one of the beneficiaries of that Federal program. It was a loan program. You could borrow money to go to college, complete your degree, and pay it back to the Government. It was the best deal I ever had. I like to think the money I received was money well spent for me and my family and perhaps for the country.  Isn't this a time in our history where we ought to be stepping back and, instead of trying to come up with an estate tax break for the wealthiest families in America, shouldn't we be thinking about ways to help families across America pay for college education and training so we in America have a workforce ready for the 21st century? I think education should be the first priority when it comes to tax breaks. I don't think the first priority should be the estate tax repeal that the Republicans have proposed. I think the wealthiest among us, as I said earlier, can take care of themselves. If we can find ways to help families pay for college education, then I think we will be doing something meaningful, something that is responsive to families, to what families across America are looking for. As I said earlier, the basic question is, Whose side are we on in Congress?  I also find it interesting that we have the time, whatever it takes, to spend debating and passing tax relief for wealthy Americans, but no time to address the question of an increase in the minimum wage. There are 350,000 people in my home State of Illinois who got up this morning and went to work making a minimum wage. Some of them are teenagers in their first jobs, but, sadly, many of them are folks who are working one, two, and three jobs trying to keep the families together. For years, literally for years, the Democrats have been asking for an increase in the minimum wage across America. Mr. President, $5.15 an hour is not enough. It is not enough to raise yourself, let alone a family. Unfortunately, the Republicans have opposed our efforts to increase the minimum wage by $1 over a 2-year period of time.  They say they are fearful of the impact it might have if we give people something closer to a living wage, but they obviously have no fear in spending $750 billion in a tax break for the wealthiest among us, people who are literally making, on average, over $190,000 a year in the year of their death. Those are the ones the Republicans believe need help from Congress. Those who get up every morning and go to work, cleaning tables in a restaurant, making the food in the kitchens, making the beds in the motels, watching our kids in day-care centers, the Republicans believe they do not need an increase in their minimum wage.  What a difference in priorities. I would put those folks who are working hard for America and doing the right thing in the front of the line. The Republicans put the wealthiest, those who have made the most in this great country of ours, as the highest priority when it comes to action by Congress.  Time and again, when given choices between increasing health care for workers and their families, giving tax benefits to small businesses so they can offer health insurance, giving people the means to pay for the college education of their kids, offering such things as long-term care insurance or help for the care of their aging parents, the Republicans have said: No, it is not on our priority list. Our priority list starts with the wealthiest people in America, the people who Forbes magazine identified as the 400 richest families in America who would benefit from the Republican estate tax repeal to the tune of $250 billion. That is where they believe we should spend the money.  Frankly, that is what elections are all about. Those of us on the Democratic side who believe we can have a better Nation, that we can take our anticipated surplus and invest it in the people of this country, think the Republicans are fundamentally wrong. We can reform the estate tax, we can exempt the vast majority of families, over 99 percent of the families in America, we can exempt virtually two-thirds or more of those who are currently paying the tax, and we can exempt family farms and small businesses--75 percent are currently paying the tax--and do it in a way where we will have money left to invest in education and health care. No, the Republicans, frankly, say every penny has to go to the wealthiest people in this country.  We ought to keep a running score on the proposals on the Republican side and what they are going to cost. This one is worth about $750 billion. If I am not mistaken, the George W. Bush tax cut for wealthy people--a separate tax cut--is worth over $1 trillion, and the George W. Bush proposal to privatize Social Security will cost some $800 billion and have benefits reduced under Social Security. To that extent, this gives us an idea of how the Republicans time and time again want to spend the surplus which we are now enjoying in this country. That is something many of us think is very shortsighted.  The President's belief, and one I share, is that the first commitment of any surplus should be in paying down the national debt so we carry less of a burden for paying interest on that debt and less of a burden for our children. We should take that money in our surplus and invest it in Social Security and Medicare so they are strong for a long time to come, and then target tax cuts to middle-income families, those who are struggling, as I said, to pay for basic expenses, whether it is day care, college education, or long-term care for their parents.  That is the difference in philosophy. That is the choice in the election year. For the Republicans, the first group in line will always be the wealthiest among us. That is their party. That is in what they believe. They think if the wealthy are treated right, America is a much better place to live. A lot of us believe differently. We think investing in our people is a much better investment.  I want to speak for a moment about prescription drugs, too, because I said earlier this is a priority among Democrats, Republicans, and Independents alike. They believe prescription drug benefits should be passed by this Congress. The Republican answer to that is the same answer they came up with on a Patients' Bill of Rights: They turned to the insurance industry and said to insurance companies: How can we make some money for you in terms of a Patients' Bill of Rights pricing?  They came up with this notion we would somehow subsidize insurance plans to pay for prescription drugs. I think Americans are skeptical of that approach. They understand the Democratic approach which would use the Medicare system, which would be universal, and is a tried-and-true system under Medicare to provide benefits to families across America and would give the Medicare system bargaining power to keep drug prices under control.  The Republicans want to subsidize insurance companies. It is no surprise Americans are skeptical of whether those insurance companies will be responsive to the needs of families when it comes to prescription drugs. That is why we have a serious difference between the two parties on this issue. The Republican bill does not give seniors a choice of guaranteeing coverage under Medicare. That is the most important single thing that seniors askfor: guaranteed prescription drug coverage under Medicare. The Republican plan does not respond to that.  The Republican plan also provides subsidies to insurance companies, and yet there is no guarantee that the insurance companies will even offer the coverage, and they will not be offering a Medicare-type plan.  The Republican approach on prescription drugs does nothing about fair prices. As I said earlier, the pharmaceutical companies must be cheering this idea. The Government is going to subsidize some sort of insurance scheme to pay for prescription drugs, and yet the prices continue to go through the roof. We understand that such a plan will never work. What insurance company is going to sign up to pay your prescription drugs with no guarantee of any control on price? The Republicans, obviously, are insensitive to the price issue.  In addition to accessibility to prescription drugs insurance, price is also important. Americans understand that drugs in Canada, made in the United States, sell for a fraction of the cost. One can take the same pill and order it at the veterinarian for one's dog and go across the street and order it for oneself and find a dramatic difference in cost. It is because the drug companies are gaming the system, and they are very open about it. They are going to charge the highest price to those who will pay it, and those who will pay for it in our country are the Medicare beneficiaries--the seniors and disabled.  Once again, Republicans have failed to respond to the basic need in this country: a prescription drug benefit. It is no surprise the Republicans do want to use the Medicare system as the Democrats have proposed. We believe we can provide to seniors the choice of a guaranteed prescription drug coverage under Medicare, but the Republicans are opposed to that. They have been critical of Medicare since its creation. They have talked about privatizing this benefit of prescription drugs, leading many to believe that ultimately they are hoping to privatize Medicare.  When we tried, incidentally, to privatize a portion of Medicare recently--we said to Medicare recipients: You can buy an HMO plan--the insurance companies, after a year or two, turned around and said they were not going to write coverage anymore. It has happened in Illinois and across the country and a million seniors have been left high and dry by an insurance market that is driven almost exclusively by profit.  That is, unfortunately, where the Republicans have turned again, to the insurance industry, to try to provide some help with prescription drugs. It is not going to work, and the American people know better. They are going to hold this Congress accountable. If the best we can come up with is the estate tax relief for the wealthiest estates in America and nothing when it comes to prescription drug benefits, then we have failed the most basic test, and that is whether we respond to the common need in this country. The common need clearly is for a prescription drug benefit, as well as a Patients' Bill of Rights so you can go to your doctor with confidence, and when that doctor makes a decision about you and your family's health, it is not going to be overruled by someone who works for an insurance company.  Those are the basics: Minimum wage, prescription drug benefit, Patients' Bill of Rights. These are things Republicans have not added to their list of priorities. No, their highest priority when it comes to spending and tax relief still turns out to be the wealthiest people in America. We believe that is wrongheaded. It does not take into account the folks who built this country and made it strong for so many years.  I conclude by saying this estate tax is really a test of the priorities of the political parties. Who will be the first in line in the U.S. Congress for help? Who would you turn to first with $750 billion to provide some equity under the Tax Code? Which group of Americans would you single as needing the most help? The Republicans have answered those questions with the repeal of the estate tax. They believe the people who need the help the most are the folks who have the most in America. I do not believe that is what America is all about.  I yield the floor.  