President, I was happy to yield to the majority leader to clarify the procedure.  Back to the point I was making. We are dealing with an estate tax that affects very few Americans--people in higher income categories. The decision has been made by the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives and the Senate that if we are going to change the Tax Code as it affects any American, any individual, any family, any business, the first and highest--obviously one of the most expensive--priority is to eliminate this estate tax.  I find that curious because I think if you went to the American people and said to them: When it comes to the taxes that you are likely to pay in your life and those that you believe are particularly unfair, would you believe that the estate tax ranks high on that list? It is not likely they would. They may object to taxes in general. They may object to this tax in particular. But the likelihood that the average American, even one who has done pretty well in life, is going to end up paying the Federal estate tax is minimal. Less than 2 percent of those who die each year pay the tax. If a spouse dies and leaves all the property to another spouse, there is no taxable event--no Federal estate tax is paid.  When you consider the fact that 98 out of every 100 people who die each year face no Federal estate tax, the obvious question is, Why is this the highest priority when it comes to the Republican agenda for tax reform? Wouldn't you think it would be a tax that would help out a lot more people than, say, 43,000 in 1997, some of the wealthiest people in our country? Wouldn't you think it might be a tax that affects the payroll tax that hundreds of thousands of workers pay each week? Or taxes that businesses pay? Or changing our Tax Code so a businessman can offer health insurance to his employee, for example? No, it is not. It turns out, when they drew up their list of priorities, the Republican leadership came to the conclusion that the most important group to single out for assistance would be the wealthiest among us, with this estate tax.  I might tell you, this is not a cheap, inexpensive undertaking. To think we are going to spend some $750 billion for this estate tax reform that is being asked for by the Republican side means, frankly, that money will not be there to be spent for other purposes, which is the reason I am on the floor tonight to discuss this estate tax in the context of choices that are to be made, decisions that are to be made. When the Republicans drew up the line of Americans who needed help the most, they put in the front of the line, in the first place in the line, the wealthiest in our country. That is not new. That is what George W. Bush has proposed when it comes to tax cuts: First help the wealthiest. When it comes to their agenda on the floor of the Senate, the Republican leadership has said: Before you do anything else, help the wealthiest people in our society.  Frankly, I come to this argument with a different perspective. I believe our obligation is to the entire Nation, not only to those who are financially articulate; those who are the largest contributors; those who have made the most of their lives by making the most of their income. It appears that I see this somewhat differently than those who are on the Republican side of the aisle.  Let me concede at the outset that the estate tax should be changed. The estate tax, as it is currently written, has not kept pace with reality. We have not increased the exemption under that estate tax as we should have, and we on the Democratic side are going to propose, as part of a reform of the estate tax, something I think will be of great assistance to the vast majority of families who are barely qualifying to pay an estate tax.  This is what we are going to propose on the Democratic side. We are going to increase the general exemption from$1.35 million per couple to $2 million per couple by 2002, and $4 million by 2010. That means that by 2010, if your estate is worth $4 million, you will not pay a penny in Federal estate tax. How many people will be eliminated from Federal estate tax liability because of the Democratic proposal? Two-thirds of the estates currently subject to tax would not be subject. So we are really taking those who are on the lower end of liability and removing that liability.  We go a step further because there is a legitimate concern in Illinois and around the country that many family farms, for example, cannot be passed on by a surviving spouse to the children; family businesses, small businesses that have been created cannot be passed on to children to carry on. I am sensitive to that. I have met a lot of farmers and a lot of businesspeople who have said: This is something we built our lives around, our family built their lives around. Then when we die, the value of the business is such we could not leave it to our kids.  I think we have to find a way to deal with it. The Democratic alternative does. Let me tell you how. We increase the family-owned business exemption from $2.6 million per couple to twice that of the general exemption of $4 million per couple by 2002; $8 million by 2010. The net result of it is this: This will remove virtually all family-owned farms from liability under the estate tax and 75 percent of family-owned businesses from the estate tax rolls.  I think this is a realistic and honest reform of the estate tax. I can go back to my home State of Illinois and say, for individuals as well as family farms and small businesses, we heard their pleas for assistance and relief and we responded in a way that I can defend. The cost of our approach, over a 20-year period, is some $300 billion. The cost of the Republican approach is $750 billion because, you see, they go all the way. They take the tax off virtually everyone. So if people have been so fortunate, living in this country, prospering in this country, to die with estates that are worth billions of dollars, then, frankly, the Republicans say they should not owe this country a nickel; at this point we are going to take the tax off of them; we are going to give them a tax break.  Let me show some charts to illustrate this tax and its impact. This is estates subject to the current estate tax--97 percent of the current nonfarm, non-small business estates pay no estate tax; 3 percent of small businesses and family farms might face some liability. So it is a tax, as I indicated earlier, that affects very few.  Look at this, too, in terms of the share of the estate tax burden. The bottom 98 percent of people who pass away in this country pay zero in Federal estate tax. The top one-tenth of the wealthiest 1 percent of estates in America pay 50 percent. We are talking about the highest rollers in America, the people who have done the best, who would end up paying over 50 percent of the income that comes to this country from estate taxes. Those are the people the Republicans say should be first in line when we talk about tax relief.  I see it a different way. Let me tell you some of the things we might consider doing instead of providing this kind of tax relief to people who are in such high-income categories.  We could take the difference between the Democratic and Republican plan, some $450 billion over 20 years, and pay down our publicly held national debt. I think that is of value to everybody in this country, rich and poor alike, families, individuals, businesses--big business and small business. Why? As the Government borrows money to pay down its debt, it is money taken out of the system that could have been used for the creation of businesses and capital creation. As the Government borrows money, it competes for available funds in the marketplace and raises interest rates. As we pay down our national debt, we reduce the burden of taxpayers to service that debt and, frankly, give to our children the very best legacy. We do not leave them the mortgage that we incurred for our debts during our lifetime.  Many of us believe that is a more responsible thing to do than to give a tax break under the estate tax to the wealthiest people in this country. The Republicans disagree. They say the highest priority is not bringing down our national debt; the highest priority tax relief is for people who are literally making millions of dollars a year.  Let me give an example. The Republican estate tax bill gives the Forbes magazine's 400 richest Americans, read this now, a $250 billion windfall tax break. Money that could have been spent to reduce our national debt, to say to future generations we are going to take that burden off your shoulders--instead is being given to literally the wealthiest people in America.  That is the idea of tax justice being propounded on the Republican side of the aisle. I don't think it works. I don't think it is consistent with the values and ethics of most American families.  There are other things that can be done and may not be accomplished because of this Republican strategy to eliminate the estate tax in its entirety. Let me address one that is so very important to so many people. It is the prescription drug benefit under Medicare. When the Medicare program was created in the 1960s, President Lyndon Johnson did something which literally changed America. He decided, with the help of the Democratic Congress, that we would create a health insurance plan for the elderly and disabled in America.  At that point in time, they were on their own. If they had the resources to pay for health insurance, or they were wealthy enough not to care, they were taken care of. But the vast majority of people going into retirement were really vulnerable. They no longer had a paycheck--maybe a Social Security check, but they had little else to turn to. When they faced a huge hospital bill or a doctor bill, they were on their own. So we created Medicare.  As good as Medicare has been--and it is a proven success because seniors are living longer--it didn't include prescription drugs. You know what that means today? When you go to a doctor and say, ``I don't feel well,'' the doctor says, ``Let me write out a prescription. Take the pills and see if it helps.'' So you go to the drug store and get the medicine. Maybe it will help, and in most cases it does. But the cost of those drugs continues to increase. A lot of seniors on fixed incomes can't afford to pay for the prescription drugs.  I have had hearings in the State of Illinois, and people have told stories that are sad but true, where they have had to make hard choices. There were seniors who were literally deciding whether or not to fill their prescriptions or to fill their grocery orders; seniors who would go into a supermarket and go to the pharmacy first to decide whether or not they could afford their medicine before they shopped for food; seniors who didn't fill prescriptions because they couldn't afford it, or they may take half a pill instead of what they were supposed to take because they couldn't afford to pay for the full prescription. That is a reality of life in America today.  When the Republicans say our highest priority has to be the elimination of an estate tax, which means a $250 billion windfall tax break to the 400 richest Americans, I think they have it all wrong. I think our highest priority should be a prescription drug benefit. After we have paid down this national debt, we should take a portion of it and put it in a prescription drug benefit under Medicare. That will help more people. It is certainly going to improve the quality of their lives.  If I had to list my highest priority after paying down the national debt, it would be to help with the prescription drug benefit. Now, the Republicans in the House proposed their own version of a prescription drug benefit. It is clearly something supported by the drug companies and pharmaceutical industry because it would allow them to continue to charge their high prices. What it would say is that basically they would subsidize people buying insurance to pay for their prescription drugs. But when you take a close look at it, it falls apart.  First off, the insurance industry doesn't offer that kind of prescription drug insurance by itself. If they do, it is extremely expensive. The reason they don't offer it is something called ``adverse selection.'' If you happen to be very ill and need prescription drugs, you would go and try to buy such a policy. Of course, insurance works when people who are buying the insurance include not only those who need a payout immediately, but those who are going to pay premiums regularly untilthey do. Well, for that reason, the insurance industry already has said the Republican plan is not likely to ever result in any help to any senior citizens.  Plus, there are a lot of people who have misgivings about turning over prescription drugs and their future to insurance companies. They can recall what many of these same insurance companies did when it came to HMOs and managed care. They forgot about the patient and even forgot about the doctor. We had insurance clerks making decisions on health care. Frankly, the losers ended up being patients and their families.  I recall going to a hospital in Springfield, IL, and doing rounds with a local doctor. He made a decision that a woman should stay in the hospital over the weekend before important and delicate brain surgery on Monday. He had to call the insurance company in Nebraska and ask for permission for her to stay in the hospital. The insurance company clerk said: No, send her home. The surgery is not until Monday.  He said: She is elderly and frail, and she loses her balance; I don't want her to hurt herself, and I want her here Monday for this important surgery.  The insurance clerk was overruling the doctor. The doctor hung up the phone and said: Leave her in the hospital and I will appeal this later on.  That is the kind of insurance company situation the Republicans want to turn to when it comes to prescription drugs. They want these same insurance companies to decide whether or not you get your prescription drugs filled. Well, we have seen what they have done with managed care and with HMOs. It is no wonder that a lot of Americans are skeptical about the Republican approach to this. They would much rather see a plan for prescription drugs under Medicare, one that is universal and covers everybody. Medicare currently covers everybody. I also recall that in the last couple years some 1.3 million seniors have seen their Medicare HMO plans canceled by the insurance companies. So they are high and dry and are looking for insurance coverage.  When the Republicans say we can trust the insurance companies when it comes to prescription drugs and health care, human experience tells us otherwise. These companies make decisions based on the bottom line profit. These companies will cut off people in terms of their coverage when they no longer think they are turning a profit, and they will leave the people high and dry.  The other thing that is fundamentally flawed in the Republican approach on prescription drug benefits is they don't even address the question of pricing. You can create a prescription drug benefit that looks beautiful on paper. It will be easy to sit down with any number of Americans and come to that conclusion. But if you don't address the increasing cost of prescription drugs, it is a guarantee that that benefit and that program will fail. The Republicans do not even address that.  If we bring this program under Medicare, as the Democrats have suggested, we will have bargaining power. What is that worth when it comes to prescription drug benefits? You have heard stories, as I have, about people who go to Canada and buy the same drugs for a fraction of the cost in the United States. They are exactly the same drugs, made in the U.S., approved by the Federal Government, sent to Canada, where they charge a fraction of the cost. Why is this? It is because of the bargaining power of the Canadian Government. They sit down with the drug companies and they say: We are not going to agree to a price increase every month or to the prices going through the roof. If you want your drugs as part of our health care system in Canada, you will keep the prices under control.  Do you know what. The same drug companies--American drug companies--do just that. They keep prices under control in Canada, but they charge Americans skyrocketing drug prices.  The Republican plan on prescription drug benefits doesn't even address this. If you don't address the pricing of drugs, frankly, you are offering no benefit whatsoever--no prescription drug benefits. Do Americans want it? You bet they do, in overwhelming numbers. That is a high priority. But to take a look at this, the highest priority for the Republican leadership in the Senate is not prescription drug benefits for the elderly and disabled; it is the elimination of the estate tax, which gives the Forbes magazine 400 richest American families a $250 billion windfall tax break.  Which would help America more? Prescription drug benefits so seniors can remain independent and strong and healthy for a longer period of time or a windfall tax break to the wealthiest people in this country? I think the answer is obvious. But it really betrays the statement from the Republican side that they are in tune with the American people when they would come up with an estate tax change of such magnitude and which is so generous to the wealthiest among us, when the American people are looking for something much different from this Congress.  We want to make sure the drug benefit is available to everybody. We want to make sure you have your choice, that your doctor will be able to prescribe the necessary drugs for you and that they will be filled. We want to make sure that it is done under Medicare.  We think the effort of the Republicans to take this out of Medicare may be the beginning effort to basically tear down Medicare. This has never been a program the Republicans have cheered over. When we want to try to protect Medicare, it is usually a lonely voice on the Senate floor. They have not been willing to come forward. They understand it was a creation of Democratic leadership, and I guess they are not listening to their seniors and disabled at home who understand the critical importance of this program.  There are other things we can be doing in terms of the Tax Code that would help real people and families. One of them is the full deductibility of health insurance. The fact that self-employed people in this country cannot fully deduct their health insurance premiums is what I consider one of the major injustices in the Tax Code. If you start a small business and you want to provide health insurance for yourself, your family, or for some of your employees, you might find yourself in a position where you cannot deduct the full cost of the health insurance premiums from your taxes. Large corporations can; small businesses can't. Big corporations can do it; family farmers cannot.  That doesn't make any sense. It is unjust. It is a loophole in the Tax Code which should be changed to protect the small businessman and to protect the family farmer and the people who work for them.  If I draw up a list of priorities when it comes to tax reform, I don't start off with the 400 richest Americans and give them a $250 billion windfall tax break. Instead, I deal with real families, real businesses, and real people who are trying to find health insurance to cover members of their family.  I also think we should be considering a tax credit for small businesses that offer health insurance to their employees. We know in America that there are some 4 million people who have no health insurance whatsoever. I think that is a scandal. Frankly, in a nation as prosperous as we are and at a time when we are talking about literally trillion-dollar surpluses, it is incredible to me that we don't have the political will on a bipartisan basis to start talking about health insurance coverage for all sorts of American families and businesses. But we haven't done it. Instead, we hear from the Republican side of the aisle that before we talk about health insurance, before we start talking about tax credits to businesses, before we start talking about prescription drugs, let's take care of the richest people in America. That is their highest priority. That is the group they put on the front of the line. We see it differently on the Democratic side. We believe there are things we can do to improve the quality of life of many people.  Let me also tell you about another proposal on which I prepared legislation. It is called caregivers insurance. We have a plan now for children across America. Many of the States are implementing it. If children don't have health insurance, we help States pay for that health insurance. That is a good plan. I voted for it. I supported it. I think we should extend it to the nextphase--to what I call caregivers insurance. When I make reference to caregivers, I am talking about people who work in day-care centers, those who are literally in charge of our children and grandchildren every single day. The people who work for a minimum wage, or slightly more, have no benefits. There is massive turnover in their jobs. I think we ought to be talking about extending health insurance for those caregivers in day-care centers, those who work in personal attendance of the disabled, home health care workers who take care of people so they can stay home and not have to go to nursing homes, and for those working in convalescent nursing homes.  Those are caregivers who have very little benefits. Yet we trust them with our parents, with our grandparents, with our children, and grandchildren.  I think that is the kind of thing many American people would like to see. It will help them pay for child care. It won't raise the cost. We will provide the health insurance through a program of our own at the Federal level. I would like to vote on it. I think it would be well received. I might not get that chance because the vote we will face in the next few days is whether or not, instead of helping caregivers who get up and go to work every day and take care of our kids and parents, we are going to give to the 400 richest Americans a $250 billion windfall tax break with the Republican proposal to eliminate the estate tax.  