I say to the Senator from California, this is not unusual. I don't want to mislead people. Democrats take polls as well. We took polls years ago and found out that families really cared about the issue, and we came up with a plan, and literally for years we have been trying to bring this issue to a vote in the Senate and House of Representatives. The Republican leadership has stopped us. They stopped us because the drug companies want to continue to make the money from the seniors and others across this country who pay top dollar for their prescription drugs.  So as we pushed this, year after year, we could never find cooperation on the Republican side of the aisle. The deathbed conversion we are witnessing here now reflects the fact that an election is looming and the Republicans understand they are in a bad position. They have taken a position that is unpopular, unwise, and just plain wrong.  Take a look at some of the polling data: Preserving Social Security and Medicare is the top issue in the Presidential election campaign.  Stopping insurance companies from making health care decisions is the No. 2 issue in the Presidential campaign, according to Republican polls.  They have been on the wrong side on both of these. In addition, the No. 2 issue for the Republicans in terms of the Presidential election is helping elderly Americans get access to affordable prescription drugs. Now that they realize they are wrong on the issue and it is going to be a major issue in every campaign, they are rushing to come up with a strategy.  The American people don't want a political strategy; They want a law passed that will help these families. They understand these seniors go into their pharmacies on a daily basis and make a life-and-death decision about filling a prescription drug. The Republicans have said in this polling document that they have to attack the Democrats. That is part of this. Say you have a plan, even though you don't tell people what it is, and then turn around and attack the Democrats. Say it is politicians and Washington bureaucrats who are trying to set drug prices.  That language is straight out of the pharmaceutical companies' own platform on this issue. They don't want to have their prices affected. When the prices are in any way controlled or regulated, you have a Canadian situation where Canadian citizens pay a fraction of what we pay in the United States for the same drugs. So create this image, according to the Republican strategy, in the minds of Americans, that anytime we talk about pricing, it is just too much of Washington bureaucrats and politicians.  Then they say attack the Democrats plan as a       a one-size-fits-all plan that is too restrictive, too      confusing, and puts the Washington bureaucrats in control.''  The one-size-fits-all language is because the Democrats believe this should be a universal plan so people really have a chance to receive help in paying for prescription drugs. You will find the Republican plan cuts off people at levels where, frankly, they are vulnerable and cannot afford to pay for prescription drugs. It also says: Attack the Democrats and say most seniors will be taken ``out of the good private drug coverage they have today.''  Let me concede something. About a third of seniors do have good private drug coverage, a third have mediocre coverage, and a third have no protection at all. I think we can take that into account. But the bottom line is, if you happen to be a fortunate senior because, for example, you worked for a company with a union that gave you good health care benefits when you retired, that is good for you. I have met those folks. But so many others, two out of three, do not have that benefit. We want to make sure everybody in America is protected. Take a close look, a careful look, at the Republican alternative. You are going to find they leave literally millions of seniors behind.  The drug companies want it that way. They don't want prices affected. They don't want a major plan. They believe they can create some kind of insurance protection for the seniors. I can tell you pointblank, insurancecompany executives have met with us and said already the Republican proposal will not work. That is the bottom line.  