President, the Senate has been debating, S. 625, the bankruptcy reform bill for weeks. I am happy to say that many Democratic amendments have been accepted which have brought much needed balance to the bill.  The issue of bankruptcy is a highly technical and convoluted area of our law replete with terms like cram downs, reaffirmations, panel trustees, automatic stays, nondischargeable debt, priority debt, secured debt, and even something known as a ``superdischarge.''  And the bankruptcy code is not only complex and arcane. It is the fulcrum point of a delicate balance. When you push one thing, almost invariably something else will give. That's because no matter how hard you try there is a limited resource pie. All we do many times is increase the fighting over the small pie--and usually no one really wins that fight.  The Senate made several improvements to ease the burdens on low income debtors while making sure that wealthy debtors pay their fair share. The Senate adopted my amendment to allow debtors to attend mandatory credit counseling by telephone or over the Internet, which will make it easier for debtors with transportation difficulties. By adopting a cap on the homestead exemption of $100,000, Congress will continue the longstanding policy of giving a debtor a fresh start--not a windfall.  Improvements were also made to make the bill more cost effective and less expensive for taxpayers. Myamendment to streamline the means test for debtors between 100 and 150% of the median income was adopted and will save the taxpayers $8 million a year in administrative costs. In addition, Senator Leahy's amendment to exempt certain debtors from the requirement of filing 3 years of tax returns will reduce both costs and undue burdens on low income debtors.  Finally, tremendous progress was made on the bill in the area of credit card disclosure. If we are going to make it harder for people to file for bankruptcy, then we need to provide them enough information to ensure they are making informed decisions about their credit.  I was happy to join Senator Sarbanes in an effort to require creditors to warn consumers about interest costs and provide toll free numbers where debtors can learn how long it will take to eliminate a credit card balance by making only the minimum monthly payment.  I will be watching the bankruptcy conference closely to ensure that all of the hard fought amendments adopted on the Senate floor remain in the bill through conference. If these provisions are stripped out in conference, then this bill will likely face the same fate as last year's bill--it will never become law.  Because of improvements in areas of concern to me, I will vote for the underlying bankruptcy legislation, but I want to make clear my opposition to the Republican minimum wage measure. It was clear from last year's debate and it's clear today that the Republican minimum wage does little to help America's lowest wage earners. In fact, it's a slap in the face for all of our hardworking citizens who strive every day to lift themselves out of poverty and into a better way of life.  Over the next three years, a minimum wage worker would receive over $1,200 less under the GOP version than the Democratic proposal. Let's break that down, Mr. President, into real terms. For America's lowest wage earners: $1,200 a year translates into over four months worth of groceries, over three months of rent, almost half a year worth of utilities. For the lucky ones, that's one full year of tuition and fees at a two-year college. Yet, the Republicans want to deny their constituents this opportunity and I can't understand why.  Mr. President, this Republican minimum wage proposal sounds vaguely familiar to us. You may recall how the other side of the aisle tried to stretch out tax refunds for our lowest income workers under the Earned Income Tax Credit. We grant tax relief to those that need it most and then the Republicans turn around and try to delay their refunds. These types of delaying tactics didn't work for the EITC and they certainly won't work for an increase in the minimum wage.  Something I've heard very little about, and maybe it's because the Republicans don't want you to know about it, is Section Two of their amendment that effectively repeals overtime pay provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act that have been the law for over 60 years. This provision would eliminate the requirement that bonuses, commissions, and other compensations based on productivity, quality, and efficiency be considered part of a worker's ``regular rate'' of pay for purposes of calculating overtime pay. Because overtime pay is based on one and a half times regular pay, overtime pay is lower if a worker's regular pay is lower. Today, almost 73 million Americans are entitled to overtime pay and the GOP provision jeopardizes their overtime benefits. Think about it. If employers can pay less for overtime, they have a financial incentive to require workers to work overtime without getting the pay they deserve. That's another slap in the face on top of the one they get from this half-hearted attempt to raise their wages from $5.15 an hour.  Mr. President, it's clear that the Democratic bill would do a better job at getting a pay increase to those who need it most. On our side of the aisle, we believe it's not only our obligation, but our duty to help those who need it the most. It is my hope that the conference committee will wake up and remedy this malady that will be imposed on the American people by the Republicans should this bill become law.  