Quoting George Bush on this issue tells me more than anything else that he has not thought this through. In the 18 years I have served on Capitol Hill, when the issue of Social Security has come up, I have had a tendency to step back and wait. I want to hear both sides.  This is complicated. We are literally talking about a Social Security system that benefits tens of millions of Americans today and that many more Americans are counting on for the future. When people start talking about change in Social Security, I am very cautious. I think the people of Illinois who have sent me here expect me to be cautious.  I recall when the Senator from California and I were serving in the House of Representatives many years ago when there was a debate on the floor about the so-called ``pickled-pepper'' amendment. Jake Pickle of Texas and Claude Pepper of Florida had a fight over the future of Social Security and whether to raise the retirement age from 65 to 67. I voted against that. I really think the retirement age is an important milestone in people's lives, particularly if they have jobs involving manual labor and physical work. So when people start talking about changing Social Security--``We will change a little bit here and a little bit there''--I am very skeptical because I don't want to see us put in a position where someone's great campaign promise in the year 2000 means someone trying to retire in just a few years from now finds out that the window is closed at Social Security:  ``No, you have to wait a few more years.''  ``Why?''  ``We wanted to try a new approach to Social Security.''  The Senator from California is right. When George Bush says--and this is a quote from the Houston Chronicle--``creating private savings accounts in Social Security could be the first step toward a complete privatization of Social Security,'' that is a frightening idea. Let me explain to you why.  If we ever privatize Social Security, we will still have millions of Americans who worked their whole lives, paid their taxes, obeyed the laws, and counted on Social Security, who need to receive their benefits. If you are going to have that requirement out there, you have to figure out a way to keep Social Security moving while George Bush creates a brand new system, his new idea, whatever it is. That is a massive investment. When we talk about keeping America's economy moving forward, not increasing our deficit, creating more surpluses, keeping job creation online and businesses thriving, I think this is a risky venture by George Bush when it comes to Social Security.  Frankly, I think the American people should ask of George Bush what several Members of the Senate have asked: Sit down and explain this to us; put it on paper. Before you start messing with Social Security, explain to us what you have in mind because a lot of us--a lot of families across America--are counting on this system.  