President, what an interesting world we live in that a Republican Senator and a DemocraticSenator can look at a similar issue and see it in so many different ways. I sit here incredulous at times when I hear Republicans on the floor describe their view of the world. They live in a world where a young man and young woman fall in love and contemplate marriage and start to make plans for their future but stop cold in their tracks and say: Before we go a step further, we better go see an accountant.  I can barely remember my courtship with my wife. It was a long time ago. But it never crossed my mind to go see a bookkeeper or accountant before I decided to propose marriage. We thought there was something more to it. We knew there would be good times and bad, and we were prepared to make whatever sacrifice it took to live a life together. When I listen to my Republican colleagues, it sounds as if they want to change the marriage vows from ``love, honor and obey, in sickness and in health'' to ``love, honor and obey, in sickness and in health, so long as there is no income tax disadvantage.''  I do not think that is the real world of real people. Nor do I think we can amend the Tax Code in a way that is going to create a great incentive for people to run out and get married. I think there are more basic human emotions at stake. I think it trivializes a very sacred decision by two people making an important decision in their lives to suggest this is all about money and it is all about how many tax dollars you have to pay.  I will readily concede there is unfairness in the Tax Code. Yes, I will concede it is fundamentally unfair for us to increase the taxes on two people because they are being married. But if you would listen to the Republican logic, they grab this hook and take off and run out of town with it.  Their proposal on the marriage tax penalty is so far afield from the argument you have heard on the floor, you just cannot recognize it. In fact, let's describe the situation. If two people are about to be married and their combined income, when they file a joint return, puts them in a higher tax bracket, that is called a marriage tax penalty. However, if two people are married and their combined income puts them in a lower tax bracket, some would call that a marriage bonus. How does that happen? Perhaps one person in the marriage is not working and the other one is; the combined income on a joint return merits a lower tax rate. If both of them are working, their combined income raises them to a higher tax rate, a penalty.  We, on the Democratic side, believe we should eliminate the penalty, eliminate the unfairness, eliminate the discrimination against married people under the Tax Code. You would think from their arguments on the floor that is where the Republicans are. But that is not what their bill says, not at all. In fact, when you look closely at their bill, you find two amazing things: First, on the whole question of the marriage tax penalty, there are about 65 provisions in the Tax Code that could be associated with a marriage tax penalty. The Republicans, who have given speeches all morning about the marriage tax penalty, address how many of the 65 provisions? In the most generous definition: three, leaving some 62 discriminations in the Tax Code against married people untouched in the Republican bill.  The Democratic alternative addresses all 65.  So after all these pronouncements about ending Tax Code discrimination, the Republican bill falls flat on its face when it comes to addressing the 65 different provisions in the Tax Code that apply. The Democratic bill applies it to all 65.  The second thing that strikes you right off the bat is that the Republican bill goes further than eliminating the marriage tax penalty. It, in fact, creates an additional tax bonus for those not suffering the penalty. We are not talking about couples who are calculating how many days they have to wait to avoid paying taxes before they decide to get married. We are talking about couples who really benefit from marriage, and their taxes go down--the Republicans add more tax cuts for them.  Everybody loves a tax cut. If we could give a tax cut to every American, that would be the dream of every politician. But the voting public in America, the people watching this debate, have the right to step back and say: How many of these tax cuts can we afford, as a nation, to give away? I think that is a legitimate point. The Finance Committee in the Senate writes the tax laws, the committee that sent us this bill that is pending. If you look at the minority views, from the Democratic side, you find many Democratic Members believe the best thing we can do with our surplus is to pay down the Federal debt. That is my position. That is the position of the President and most Democrats. Why is that important? Because today in America we will collect $1 billion in taxes from individuals, families, and businesses, and that money will be used not to educate a child, to pay a soldier, or to build a highway; it will be used to pay interest on old debt of the United States.  If we do not change that, it means my grandchild, who is now about 4 years old, will continue to pay taxes, to pay interest on debt incurred by my generation to build our roads and educate our kids.  Some of us think the fairest thing we can do for future generations is to reduce the public debt with our surplus so that perhaps that $1 billion tax bill each day will be reduced for future generations. Relieving this burden is a good gift to give our children and grandchildren.  If one listens to the other side of the aisle, they do not want to take the surplus and pay down the debt. They want to dream up more and more tax cuts. The George W. Bush tax cut is so big, so massive, and so risky that last week not a single Republican would vote for it on the Senate floor when I called for a vote.  He wants to spend--I hope I get these figures right--$1.3 trillion. I believe it was $400 billion or $500 billion more than the surplus. He obviously wants to reach deep into the Social Security trust funds to pay for his tax cuts or to cut spending on basic services for education, protection of the environment, and defense. Not a single Republican would stand up for that, and I am glad they did not. Most Americans know better.  The Senate Republicans now have a George W. Bush tax cut; they want to come in and keep hacking away at the surplus instead of putting it to reducing the national debt, which on the Democratic side we consider to be the highest priority.  The expected 10-year budget surplus, according to the Finance Committee, is $893 billion. It is amazing that in a short period of time, we can talk about those surpluses.  If this bill passes, the Republicans will have already spent over half that in this session on tax cuts. Instead of lowering the national debt, reducing the tax burden on future generations, preserving Social Security and Medicare, they would have us continue on with tax cuts.  Take a close look at the Republican marriage tax penalty bill. First, the tax cuts they offer are piecemeal rather than comprehensive. They are not fiscally responsible because we are not putting money away for reducing the national debt. More than half the taxpayer benefits in their bill go to people already receiving a tax bonus. These are not people discriminated against; these are people doing well under the Tax Code, and they want to give them an additional tax cut.  They do not eliminate the marriage penalty, some 65 provisions; at best, they only address 3. Here is the kicker about which they do not want to talk. They have drawn their bill up in a way so that 5 million Americans will actually pay higher taxes. Their intent was to reduce the tax burden for married people. They went further than they had to. On the bottom, the last page, take a look around the corner. Five million Americans end up paying higher taxes under the alternative minimum tax.  Isn't that something? Take a look at this on a pie chart to get an idea, from the Republican plan, how much is being spent on the actual marriage tax penalty relief: 40 percent. Of the amount of money they have put on the table--$248 billion roughly over 10 years in tax cuts--40 percent of it goes to marriage penalty relief; 60 percent goes to people already receiving a bonus under the Tax Code for being married; and, of course, they raise taxes on 5 million Americans by increasing the alternative minimum tax.  On the Democratic side, we think there is a better alternative. In the Finance Committee proposal, the one that will be before us, married couples will be allowed to file separately or jointly, whatever benefits them from a tax point of view. We fully eliminate all marriage penalties in the Tax Code --all of the 65 provisions. It is fiscally responsible. The price tag is about $150 billion over 10 years, a little over half of what the Republican proposal costs. It does not expand marriage bonuses, and it does not exacerbate the singles penalty.  Why do we want to reduce this idea of tax cuts? First, we think we should be reducing the national debt, paying it down, which is good for the economy, as Chairman Alan Greenspan of the Federal Reserve tells us. In so doing, we strengthen Social Security; most Americans agree that is a pretty high priority for all families, married or not.  We also believe strengthening Medicare, which is something the Republicans never want to talk about, is good for the future of this country, for the elderly and disabled. It is an absolute lifeline. We believe if we are careful and target tax cuts, there are some things we can achieve which are good for this Nation.  One is a proposal which, in my State of Illinois, is very popular, which is the idea of the deductibility of college education expenses up to $10,000. It means if parents are helping their son or daughter through college and pay $10,000 of the tuition bill, they can deduct it, which means a $2,800 benefit to the family paying college expenses. That is going to help a lot of families in my home State. I certainly think that makes more sense than the Republican approach in the marriage tax penalty bill which provides a bonus to people already receiving the tax bonus.  The other item we think should be the prime focus when we talk about targeting tax benefits relates to the prescription drug benefit which has been talked about for years on Capitol Hill. The Medicare plan, conceived by President Lyndon Johnson and passed in the early sixties, was a health insurance plan for the elderly and disabled which made a significant difference in America. Seniors live longer; they are healthier; they have better and more independent lives. I have seen it in my family; most have seen it in theirs. We want it to continue.  There is a noted gap in that Medicare policy, and that noted gap is prescription drug coverage. Virtually every health insurance policy in America now covers prescription drugs but not Medicare. The Republicans have come in with all sorts of ideas for tax cuts, but they cannot come up with the money to pay for a prescription drug benefit under Medicare.  We on the Democratic side think this should be the first priority, not the last. In fact, we put a provision in our budget resolution, with a contentious vote, I might add, to raise that to $40 billion to pay for it. It has already been cut in half in the budget conference committee. There is no will on the Republican side for a prescription drug benefit.  They want to talk about a marriage penalty benefit for those who are not suffering a penalty. We want to talk about a prescription drug benefit for the elderly and disabled who are penalized every day when they cannot afford to pay for their prescriptions.  Perhaps my friends on the other side of the aisle do not understand the depth of this problem. We have seniors in some States who are literally getting on buses and riding to Canada to buy prescription drugs because they cost half as much in Canada as they do in border States such as North Dakota, Minnesota, and Montana. They understand this. They want us to do something about it, but the first tax cut bill that comes before us since we passed our budget resolution is not about prescription drugs, it is about a marriage penalty bonus for people who are not facing a marriage penalty.  I will tell you how bad this drug crisis is for seniors. Their coverage is going down. About a third of seniors have great coverage on prescription drugs, a third mediocre, and a third none at all. At the same time, the cost of these drugs is going up. There was a time when drug prices went up once a year. Then the drug companies realized they could hike their prices twice a year, then once a month, and then every other week. If my colleagues talk with pharmacists or doctors or seniors themselves, they will tell you exactly what I am talking about: Prescription drug costs are going up; coverage is going down.  Take a look at the type of bills seniors are facing. Prescription drugs are a burden on moderate income beneficiaries: typical drug costs versus income. For a patient with heart trouble and osteoporosis, typical drugs cost $2,400, 20 percent of pretax income--20 percent if they are living at 150 percent of poverty. That is an income of about $12,000 a year.  High blood pressure--one can see the percentages go up: 20 percent, 26 percent; arthritis and osteoporosis, 31 percent; high blood pressure, heart disease, 40 percent. Heart disease and severe anemia, more than a person's income.  In the city of Chicago, we had a hearing on prescription drug benefits. Some of the stories that were told were memorable. I can recall several organ recipients, transplant recipients, who came to us facing monthly prescription bills of $1,000 or $2,000. These people, on a fixed income, could not handle it. Medicare only covered it for 3 years. They knew what the cost of prescription drugs meant because for them it was a matter of life or death. Without their drugs, after transplant surgery, they could not survive.  There were some who were not in a serious condition but they could tell me about $200, $400, and $500 a month in prescription drug costs. Many times, seniors then make a choice: Will they take the medicine or not? Will they take half the prescription or the full prescription? Will they choose between food or medicine? That is a real world choice.  We on the Democratic side think a prescription drug benefit should be the first priority out of the box. We believe we can pass marriage penalty relief that addresses the problem, solves it for the vast majority of couples affected by it, and leaves enough money for a prescription drug benefit. That is our alternative to the Republican proposal.  The Republicans want it all to be on the side of marriage tax penalty relief and marriage bonus. We think prescription drug benefits should be part of it. That will be the choice on the floor for Democrats and Republicans.  Let's hear your priorities, whether or not you think a prescription drug benefit should be a high priority. We certainly do.  Look at how drug costs are growing each year. I mentioned earlier, they go up almost on a weekly basis: 9.7 percent in 1995; continuing to grow to 16 percent in 1999.  Of course, drug companies are in business to make a profit. They need to make a profit for research to find new drugs. That is a given. I accept that. A company such as Schering-Plough, that sells Claritin, that spends a third of its revenue on advertising--how many times have you seen the Claritin ads on television, in magazines, in newspapers?--Spends only 11 percent of their revenue on research. We realize the costs are going up for the advertising more than for the research.  We believe that as these costs continue to rise, seniors will continue to be disadvantaged. As I have mentioned, seniors --most of them--are on a fixed income and really have nowhere to turn to pay for these drugs.  Mr. President, 57 percent of seniors make under $15,000 a year; 21 percent make above that but under $25,000. You get to the categories of seniors who make over $25,000, and that is about one out of five seniors; four out of five make less. So as the prescription drug costs go up, their ability to pay is being stretched.  We think this prescription drug benefit then will have a great advantage for seniors. It will give them some peace of mind. The doctors who prescribe these drugs will understand that their patients will be able to afford them and take them.  What is the alternative? If an elderly person goes to see a doctor, and the doctor prescribes a drug, and the elderly person goes to the pharmacy and finds out they cannot afford the drug, and they then do not take the drug, and they get sick enough to go to the hospital, who pays for the hospitalization under Medicare? Raise your hands, taxpayers. We all do.  When someone gets sick and goes to the hospital, under Medicare, taxpayers pay for it. Yet we do not pay for the prescription drugs to keep people well and out of the hospital. That does not make any sense. It does not make sense medically. No doctor, no senior, would believe that is the best way to deal with this.  So we are talking about changing this system for the prevention of illness and disease, for the prevention of hospital stays, and for reductions in the costs to the Medicare program. It is a real cost savings.  It isn't just enough, as I have shown from these charts, for us to provide the benefit for seniors so they can pay for prescription drugs. We have to deal with the whole question of pricing, the cost of these drugs.  How will we keep these costs under control? People in my part of the world, probably all across the United States, get a little nervous when you talk about the Government being involved in pricing. They say: I am not quite sure the Government should be doing that.  They have a right to be skeptical. But let's step back and take an honest look at this. Is there price fixing now when it comes to the cost of drugs? Yes.  Insurance companies contact drug companies and say: If you want the doctors under our insurance policy to prescribe your drugs, we will pay you no more than the following cost. That is a fact of life. The bargaining is going on.  If these same drug companies take their drugs up to Canada to sell them, the Canadian Government says: You cannot sell them in Canada unless we can establish the ceiling for your prices.  That is why the same prescription drugs--made by American companies, in American laboratories, by American technicians, approved by the Food and Drug Administration of the United States of America--when they cross that border, in a matter of minutes, they become a Canadian product sold at half the cost. That is why American seniors get on buses and go up there, to buy those drugs at half the cost.  The Canadians speak out when it comes to the price of drugs, as do the Mexicans and the Europeans and every other industrialized country in the world.  Oh, the Veterans' Administration here in the United States bargains for drugs, too. We want to get the best deal for our veterans. We tell the pharmaceutical companies: This is the maximum we will pay. They sell it to us.  The only group that does not have bargaining power is the seniors and disabled under Medicare. They are the ones who pay top dollar for the drugs in America. Is that fair? Is it fair that the people of moderate income, of limited resources, are the ones who pay the highest price?  That is why we on the Democratic side believe a prescription drug benefit should be the first tax cut that we consider, if you want to call it that, because it affects a program such as Medicare.  But on the Republican side, no, it isn't a high priority. It isn't in this bill. There is no money set aside for it. There isn't a sufficient amount of money set aside for it in the budget resolution presently in conference.  That is the difference. It is a significant difference.  If you take a look at the prescription drug coverage by income level, here is what you find. Those who are below the poverty level, 35 percent of them have no prescription drug coverage. For those barely at poverty and above, it is 44 percent. You will see that as you make more and more money, you have more and more likelihood that you will have drug coverage.  The lower income Americans, the lower income seniors, and the disabled are the ones who do not have prescription drugs protection.  We think the prescription drug benefit should really hit several principles. Any plan that does not is a phony plan. The plan should cover all. There should be universal coverage. Do not pick and choose. Every American should be allowed to be covered under this plan. No. 2, it should have basic and catastrophic coverage. No. 3, it should be affordable.  We think if you put these together, you can come up with a prescription drug benefit the President has asked for, which the Democrats in Congress support, and which the Republican bill before us does not even consider.  We will come back with an alternative, a Democratic substitute, to give this Chamber a choice. You can take the Republican approach and give tax cuts to those who do not need them or you can take the Democratic approach and eliminate the marriage tax penalty for the vast majority of young people who want to be married--all 65 provisions in the Tax Code--and have enough money remaining to deal with a valid prescription drug benefit.  The difference is this. We buy the premise of what the President said in his State of the Union Address, that we happen to be living in good times but we should be careful about our future. If we are going to have surpluses, let us invest them in things that count. Let us pay down the national debt. Let us strengthen Social Security. Let us strengthen Medicare and target the tax cuts where they are needed the most.  Some of the Republicans are running around Capitol Hill like folks with hot credit cards. They cannot wait to come up with a new tax cut--needed or not needed. We think we have to be more careful. If we are more careful, if we show some fiscal discipline, we can not only avoid the deficits of the past, heaping them on the national debt, but we can be prepared for any downturn in this economy as well. I think that is fiscally conservative--a term Democrats aren't usually allowed to use but certainly applies in this situation--and it is fiscally prudent. It is the way a family deals with its situation. Before you run out and pay for that big vacation, you might think about paying off some of the credit card debt. I think a lot of families think that way. The Republican leadership in the Senate does not.  Instead of paying down the debt of this country, they want to give away the tax revenues in a surplus, give it back to the people. They can give it back, but still we will collect $1 billion a day in interest on old debt.  The provision we will be bringing before the Senate during the course of this debate will offer those who are truly fiscally conservative on both sides of the aisle a viable option. We are going to address all 65 provisions in the Tax Code that have a marriage tax penalty effect. The Republican bill goes after the standard deduction and partially addresses two others: Rate brackets and earned-income tax credits.  Among the 62 provisions the Republican bill does not address on the marriage tax penalty but the Democratic optional, single-filing alternative does are adoption expenses. Doesn't that make sense, that we wouldn't want to discriminate against couples who may want to adopt?  Child tax credits, think about that for a second. A couple wants to get married. They may have some children. We want to give them the child care tax credit. The Republican bill doesn't protect them against the discrimination that might be part of it.  Taxation of Social Security benefits, savings bonds for education, none of these is covered by the Republican bill; IRA deductions, student loan interest deductions, elderly credits--the list goes on.  After their pronouncements and speeches about what a serious problem this is, their bill really comes up short. It doesn't address the basic problem. It provides tax cuts that are not asked for or needed. It shortchanges the opportunity to put money into a prescription drug benefit.  We think it is far better to take an approach which is fiscally prudent, conservative, sensible, and straightforward.  We also believe that during the course of this session we will be considering other targeted tax benefits. We can only have limited amounts and still bring down this national debt, so let's spend the money where it will be the most effective: A prescription drug benefit, No. 1; the deductibility of college education expenses, No. 2. If you send a son or daughter to college, you will have a helping hand from the Tax Code to pay for those growing expenses.  A third, which the President has proposed and which I think makes sense, is a long-term care credit. How manypeople have parents and grandparents who are growing older and need additional care? We know it is expensive. Because of that additional expense, we want to provide a tax credit to help defray some of those costs. Those are very real and serious family challenges.  As much has been said on the floor about the marriage penalty and the reverence for families, which I agree is the backbone of this country, let's take a look at families in a little different context, not just on wedding day but when those families are raising their children and sending them to college, when those families are caring about their parents and grandparents who meant so much to them. Our targeted tax cuts go after all of those elements because, on the Republican side, they heap tax cuts on those who, frankly, do not need them, those who are not facing a marriage penalty. They cannot have enough money left to pay down our debt and have the resources for a targeted tax cut along the lines I have suggested.  I see my colleague from Wisconsin has come to the floor. I know my time is limited. I ask the Chair how much time I have remaining.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Grams). The Senator has 16 minutes remaining.  