President, I commend my colleague from New York on the statement he has made on the floor of the Senate. It is interesting that when Members of the Senate are brought into this Chamber and asked to become official Members of this body, we are asked to take an oath. It is an oath which in one part--and perhaps the most important part--is to preserve and defend the Constitution of the United States. When you consider all of the great documents that have been produced in the history of this great country, it is clear that when it comes to our service in the Senate, the one document that we are asked to hold above all others, to preserve and defend, is the Constitution of the United States.  Of course, it is understandable because those who created the Senate and its counterpart, the House of Representatives, did it in this document, this Constitution, a copy of which I carry. They believed that future Senates and future Members of the House of Representatives, if they preserved this document, would preserve this union.  The job of preserving this Constitution of the United States is not often easy nor popular. Some say 11,000 different times in the last 100 years Members of the Senate have come to the floor in an attempt to change this document. It is interesting that in the course of the history of this Nation, after the adoption of the first ten amendments to the Constitution, the so-called Bill of Rights, we have only amended this Constitution 17 times--the Bill of Rights and 17 additional amendments. Today, we are being asked to amend the Constitution for the 18th time since the adoption of the Bill of Rights.  It is curious that in the history of our politics, the Republican Party, which so often claims to be the conservative party--and to take that literally, I assume that means to conserve the values and principles of this country--has so often been in the leadership not to conserve but to overturn and change the most basic document, the Constitution of the United States.  I am told in the last 4 weeks there have been four proposals--one in the House and three in the Senate; this is the third in the Senate--to change the Constitution of the United States. This document has endured for over 200 years. It appears many of our colleagues want to change it as quickly as possible in a variety of ways. Some want to change it when it comes to balancing the budget. Others want to change it when it comes to flag burning. Now today there is a suggestion that we want to change it when it comes to the rights of the victims of crime.  With all due respect to the wisdom and intelligence of all of my colleagues in the Senate, frankly, I think they are anxious to take a roller to a Rembrandt. They want to make their mark on the Constitution believing that what they suggest matches up to the stature of the words of Thomas Jefferson, Madison, and the Founding Fathers of this country.  With all due respect to my colleagues, Senate Joint Resolution No. 3 before the Senate now pales in comparison. This resolution has been around a while. It is shop worn. One of the sponsors of the resolution, Senator Kyl, came to the floor today and said with some pride that this was the 63rd draft of this constitutional amendment, and as we stand today and debate, the 64th draft is being written in a back room. At some point it will pop out of that room and on to the Senate floor and we will be told: Here it is; this is the next amendment to the Constitution of the United States.  Forgive me if I am skeptical, but I believe on reflection we would regret passing this proposed constitutional amendment. If the authors of this amendment who have been working on it for years--and I give them credit for all of their effort, but they still haven't gotten it right. As the matter comes to the floor of the Senate, do we honestly believe the words in this document will endure as our Constitution has endured for over 200 years? No, I think we are in haste producing a product which we will come to regret.  Now to the merits of the issue. It is one which, frankly, cannot help but touch your heart. Far too many people are victims of violent crime. These victims are frightened, they are fed up, and they are determined. They are rightfully frightened because they and others have far too great a chance of falling victim to a violent crime. These victims have endured needless and unjustified physical and emotional suffering. Just last night at 6 p.m., in the Nation's Capital, at the National Zoo, one of the real attractions in this city for visitors from across this region, around the Nation, and even around the world, seven children were shot while visiting the zoo. One of the seven, an 11-year-old boy, was shot in the back of the head and is in grave condition.  The statistics on violent crime and gun violence are staggering in the United States of America. Twelve children die every day in America as a result of gun violence.  Many crime victims are justifiably fed up. They feel as if the criminal justice system has wronged them. These people were innocent victims, but they feel deprived of the fundamental need to participate in the process of bringing the accused to justice. Victims of crime are understandably determined to ensure that other victims of violent crime have the right to an active and meaningful involvement in the criminal justice system. I believe every effort to ensure that crime victims are not victimized a second time by the criminal justice system should be taken. Today, we are here to begin the hard task of determining how best we can achieve this shared goal.  I don't think many will ever be able to appreciate fully the impact of crime on a person. In my family's history, we have had a home burglarized and felt violated, as most people would when they come home to find someone has been through your belongings and taken something away. This is an eerie feeling as one walks through the house.  I have had one of my children assaulted. Thank goodness she wasn't hurt seriously. As a parent, I felt rage at the thought that somebody would do this to my daughter. Thank God she survived it. They never caught the person responsible for it. I felt in a way that she was not the only victim. All of us who loved her were also victims of this violence.  A violent crime irreparably alters the texture of life for the victim, that victim's family, and many of their friends. The awareness and memory of that crime pervades and alters the victim's very being. I don't think a victim ever totally gets over it.  We know a criminal justice system at its best cannot undo a crime. We surely also realize the way to fully address the effect of crime is not just through the criminal justice system. If we are serious about dealing with the impact of crime upon an individual victim, a family, or a community, we must act systematically and consciously--not just with symbolism and political effort. I believe one of the worst things we can do is to pass a constitutional amendment that contains illusory or unenforceable promises regarding crime victims. In order to genuinely address this issue, we must understand the way crime rewrites a victim's life. Then we must do what we can to ensure that the rewrite is not inevitably tragic.  I support crime victims' rights. I confess to concerns about amending this Constitution. I view the Constitution, and in particular the Bill of Rights, as one of the most enlightened, intelligent, and necessary documents ever created. I believe any efforts to amend it must be reserved for the most serious circumstances.  I cannot help but remember as I stand on this floor, as I often do, debating constitutional amendments which seem to be the order of the day, how many leaders of newly emerged democracies come to the United States ofAmerica as one of their first stops. These men and women who have seen their countries liberated from totalitarian rule, Communist rule, come to the United States and make their stop right here on this Hill, in this city, in this building.  They believe, as I do, that the validation of democracy lies right here within the corners of the walls of this great building, because this generation of leadership in the Senate and in the House tries to carry on a tradition, a tradition of freedom and democracy, a tradition that is not embodied in a flag but is embodied in a book--the Constitution of the United States.  When you look at the political atmosphere surrounding this debate on this constitutional amendment, you will see that it is different from any other debate we have had on an amendment to this Constitution. A constitutional amendment is really only necessary when there is a concern that the rights of the minority may not be respected by the majority. When there was first a suggestion of a Bill of Rights, it was opposed by James Madison. He said: It is not necessary. The original Constitution, as written, defines what the Federal Government can do, and therefore all of our rights as individuals, as State governments, and as local governments, are certainly ours and preserved. We do not need to add any language preserving them, it is assumed that they will be preserved.  But as the Constitution was submitted to the various States for ratification, more and more delegates came back and said: We disagree. We want explicit protection. We want the Bill of Rights to explicitly protect the rights of American citizens, and we want to spell it out.  One of the primary arguments used for the validity of the Bill of Rights is that the first amendment, so often quoted for freedom of speech and press and assembly and religion, is often heralded as the first amendment because it was so important. A little reading of history shows us it was not the first amendment in the Bill of Rights. The first two amendments submitted to the States in the Bill of Rights were rejected. The third amendment, which is now our first amendment, moved up. The first two that were rejected related to the question of reapportionment of the Congress and the ability to be compensated or receive additional compensation during the course of a congressional term.  That little footnote in history notwithstanding, we value these 10 amendments in the Bill of Rights as special.  Then, beyond that Bill of Rights, concerns about the rights of the minority rose again in the 13th and 14th amendments, when we repealed slavery, or in regard to the 19th amendment and the provision of suffrage to women.  This amendment, however, does not fit in that description. All but a very small number of American politicians and organizations emphatically support victims rights. Every State in the Union has at least statutory protection of victims of crime when it comes to the procedure of criminal prosecution. Some 33 States have amended their State constitutions to provide similar protection, including my own home State of Illinois in 1992. I fully support that. I think the State was right to pass a crime victims protection in our State constitution.  Second, any amendment to the Constitution should be more than just a symbolic gesture. I want to grant crime victims real and concrete rights. The proposed amendment, however, has certain provisions which are illusory and unenforceable. Indeed, the amendment lacks definable language and does not address its implementation. What is the most important single word in a crime victims protection amendment? Let me suggest it is ``victim,'' the word ``victim.'' That is the group they seek to protect and honor and empower. Yet search, if you will, S.J. Res. 3, you will not find a definition of the word ``victim.''  For those who are listening to the debate, who say, ``How can that be a problem? We know who the victim of the crime is''--are you sure? My daughter was assaulted. She was certainly the victim of a crime. As her father, was I victimized?  Some say: That is a stretch, we just mean the person who was actually assaulted.  Let's try this from a different angle. Let's assume someone is a victim of a crime and is murdered. Are they the only victim of the crime? Is the spouse of the murdered victim also a victim? I could certainly argue that. I could argue a lot of other members of the family could be victims.  Let's consider this possibility. If you are going to empower victims to change the prosecution and the procedure in a criminal case, think about a battered wife. A battered wife, who has been the victim of domestic violence for a long period of time and who finally strikes back and assaults the spouse who has battered her, she is then brought in on criminal charges of assault and battery, and the abusing spouse becomes a victim, too. According to this amendment, the abusing spouse now has crime victim's rights, even though he was the one who battered his wife, giving rise to her response and retribution. It gets a little complicated, doesn't it?  We know who a crime victim was--someone who was hurt. When you start playing this thing out, you understand why the authors of this proposed constitutional amendment, despite 63 different drafts of this amendment, have never defined the word ``victim.'' Because if you empower that victim to slow down court proceedings or speed them up, to be notified, to be part of the process, you had better take care to understand who is going to receive these rights and how these rights will be exercised, because if you are not careful, you can have a lot of unfortunate consequences.  The amendment lacks this definable language. It does not direct the law enforcement court personnel, who are supposed to enforce the newly created victims' rights, on how to do so.  Finally, the important goal of establishing victims' rights can be achieved through legislation. A constitutional amendment is simply not necessary. Due to the respect I have for the Constitution, I am extremely reluctant to amend it unless there is no other means by which the victims of crime can be protected. Every state in the United States have a state statute to protect the rights of victims. Thirty-three States have constitutional amendments to protect the rights of victims. Frankly, there appears to be across the United States, in every State of the Nation, a protection of crime victims.  The obvious question of those who bring this amendment to the floor, then, is, why is this necessary? Why do we need to amend the Constitution of the United States if existing State law and State constitutional provisions already protect the victims of crime? There may be flaws in these State amendments, State constitutional amendments, State laws, but these flaws can be corrected on a State basis, as needed.  In addition, a statutory alternative to this constitutional amendment can reach all of the goals it seeks to achieve. Indeed, there is legislation that has been proposed by the Senator from Vermont, Mr. Leahy, which I enthusiastically support, which would put in statute these crime victim protections. I think this is the best way, the most effective way, to deal with this.  Let me give a few illustrations of how complicated this situation can become. Some of them are real-life stories that give evidence of problems prosecutors have run into in States where individuals have the right to come forward and to assert their rights as victims of crime. Let me give you two of them.  In Florida, a Miami defense lawyer tells of representing a murder defendant who accepted a plea from the prosecution. Of course, the acceptance of a plea is a decision that you will plead guilty under certain circumstances and waive the right to a trial. The judge refused to accept the offer after the victim's mother spoke out against it. The victim's mother insisted that the criminal defendant go to trial, despite the agreement by the Government and the defense that he would accept a plea. The client went to trial, was acquitted, and released.  In the second case, in California, relatives of a homicide victim complained to a judge that a plea bargain between the prosecution and the defense was too lenient. They got what they wanted, withdrawal of the plea and prosecution of the man on murder charges. Atthe close of the trial, the defendant was acquitted and went free.  In each of these instances, in each State, the victim or victim's family asserted their rights to overturn a decision by the prosecutor based on that prosecutor's evaluation of the evidence and the likely outcome of a trial, and the net result of it was that the wrongdoer ended up walking out of the courthouse door without a penalty.  The suggestion that the victim's involvement or intervention is always going to lead to a stiffer penalty is, frankly, shown in these two cases not to apply.  I also make note of the fact that, during the course of this debate, those who support the constitutional amendment, the Senator from Arizona, Mr. Kyl, and the Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein, have said on occasion that this would in no way jeopardize the rights of the accused; in other words, that empowering and giving new rights to crime victims will not be at the expense of the accused defendant. Our Constitution is very clear when it comes to criminal defendants, that there are certain rights which shall be protected. We, of course, know the right to trial by jury, the right to confront your accuser, and all of the rights which have been cataloged over the years.  When this constitutional amendment came before the Senate Judiciary Committee 2 years ago, I was a member of that committee. I offered an amendment to this legislation in committee which said nothing in this proposed constitutional amendment shall diminish or deny the rights of the accused as guaranteed under the Constitution. It was said over and over that is the case of this language and this proposal. Yet my attempt to put it into the amendment was refused. I understand Senator Feingold of Wisconsin offered the same amendment in committee this time when it was being considered, and it, again, was refused.  As I stand here today, I suggest to my colleagues that we are considering a constitutional amendment which, though it is important, is not necessary. Before we amend the Bill of Rights in the United States of America, it should be something that we all believe, or at least the vast majority believes, is necessary. The existing State constitutional protections of crime victims, the existing State statutes all provide protection to the victims of crime. The suggestion that we can pass a Federal statute which can be modified if we find it is not perfect gives us an option to do something responsible without invading the sanctity and province of the Constitution of the United States.  In addition, I suggest that protecting the rights of victims, as important as it is, must be taken into consideration with base constitutional rights and protections for the accused as well in this free society, recalling the premise of criminal justice in America: innocence until guilt is proven. That is something which is painful to stand by at times, but it is as American as the Constitution which guarantees it.  I suggest to my colleagues in the Senate and to my friend, the Senator from New York, who I see is on the floor, that we should think twice before proceeding with this amendment to the Constitution. I will join my colleagues during the course of this debate in further discussion of the merits of this proposal. I yield the floor.  