President, let me say in conclusion on this amendment that I have the highest respect for my friend from New Mexico. I often wonder why each year I decide to take on the chairman of the Budget Committee, and the powerful Appropriations Committee, with usually predictable results on the floor of the Senate. He has, much to my consternation, read last year's rollcall, which is another dagger to my heart on this same issue.  Notwithstanding that, I am going to soldier on here because, as the Senator from New Mexico does, there are times when you stand up and fight for something you believe in, even if you may not prevail. I still have the highest regard for him and all of my colleagues on the other side of the issue. I respect the fact that many of them have a much more personal knowledge of ranching and livestock operations than I do. When I think about Senator Burns of Montana and all of his years as a rancher and auctioneer, he stared more cows in the eye than I will ever be able to.  I listened to my friends, Senator Thomas, Senator Craig, and Senator Domenici. I can readily see that these are men in the Senate who represent areas with many more ranchers and many more livestock operators with much more personal knowledge on this subject, notwithstanding that I come to the floor not trying to preach to them about ranging practices but trying to ask them to at least respect the process of trying to protect our public lands.  The Senator from Idaho--I have heard this argument every year when I introduced this type of amendment--has basically said: Why are you sticking your nose into issues about the West? You live in the Midwest. When it comes to an issue such as O'Hare Airport, we would expect you to stand up and talk about it, being from Illinois. But goodness' sake, why are you talking about grazing in 13 Western States if you are from a Midwestern State?  I say to the Senator from Idaho that I think we all bear responsibility, no matter where we are from, for the stewardship of public lands. It isn't only Senators who represent Western States. It is all of us.  Frankly, if those lands are left to future generations, each one of us should take an interest in it, whether we live in Florida, or Illinois, or Maine. We all have a responsibility for those public lands--that Public Treasury, those resources that we count on so much.  I also say to my friend from Idaho that when we stand here and debate gun safety issues representing large cities where a lot of people are victims of gun violence, he stands up on the floor many times and tells us what he thinks gun policy should be in the city of Chicago. He thinks that is his opportunity and responsibility as a Senator from Idaho. So it works both ways.  I think he will concede the fact that, being elected to the Senate, we are not restricted in what we can speak to. We may be restricted in our success about what we speak to.  But let me also say that I want to get down to a couple of things that were not mentioned at the outset that should be mentioned. For those livestock operators who choose to graze on public lands, this is worthy of mention. The grazing fees paid by those ranchers and livestock operators are a bargain. They are an absolute bargain. This Congress and a President decided that we will continue to give these ranchers and livestock operators access to land owned by the people of the United States so they can make a living grazing their cattle for fees that are, frankly, a fraction of what they would pay on private land.  The Federal grazing fee for 1999 was $1.35 per animal unit month grazed. By contrast, the average grazing lease rate for private land is currently more than $11--almost 9 or 10 times the amount these same livestock operators are paying to graze on the lands owned by the people of the United States. In 1996, the fees charged on State land by Western States ranged from $2.18 to $2.20. There was not a single State that leased its grazing land to local livestock operators at a fee as low as the Federal Government.  In addition to the subsidized fees, ranchers with Federal permits enjoy subsidized range improvements. As a result, livestock operators with Federal grazing permits actually have lower production costs and higher profits than livestock ranchers without Federal permits.  As we talk about hardship that we may be creating for livestock operators, let us at least concede at the outset that we are giving these permit holders a bargain to make a living. I have not stood here and criticized ranchers and livestock operators, nor would I. In my State of Illinois, we have livestock products and a lot of farmers. I respect the men and women involved in my State, as I do in any other State. Nor am I bringing this issue before the Senate to try to put any ranchers out of business.  There is one fundamental flaw in the argument on the other side. It is the suggestion that if you had a 10-year permit that expired, that the Bureau of Land Management would cut you off and not give you the right to continue to graze land while they are going through the reissuing of the permit process.  I don't know of a single case where that has happened. The BLM goes out of its way to continue the grazing rights of these livestock operators, even while they are debating the terms of the new permit.  The suggestion has been just the opposite--that they somehow want to get the ranchers off the land. The only time I have read about that is in a situation where they have a rancher or a livestock operator using Federal land in a way they think is harmful to the environment. I think that is reasonable because BLM has a responsibility to protect those public lands from environmental damage.  Let me also address one other thing. The Senator from Montana got up and said there are people managing Yosemite and Yellowstone. There is buffalo and wildlife there, and many of them can destroy land just like any other livestock. I bet that is true. I don't question that it is true. He also went on to say that he thought when it came to range management that we should basically leave it up to the livestock operators to decide what is good for the land. I think that was his conclusion. I think this is a fair summary of his conclusion. I guess in some instance that would be true.  In my home State of Illinois, there are farmers who are responsible environmentalists. They think twice before they apply chemicals. They think about the right thing to do to avoid the loss of good topsoil, and about siltation going into the streams that run into the water supplies of surrounding towns. My hat is off to them. I usually spend Earth Day with farmers because I respect a lot of them. They take thisvery seriously. I will tell you that conversely there are some I wouldn't put in that category. There are good and bad.  But let me tell you what the BLM has to say about the acreage that is being grazed by livestock now under their control. They estimate that only about a third of a total 160 million acres grazed by livestock are in good or excellent ecological condition--one-third. Worse yet, even a higher percentage--almost 70 percent of riparian areas, streams, and rivers and their associated fish and wildlife habitat--are in a damaged condition: A third in good condition; 70 percent near streams in bad condition. The General Accounting Office attributes the vast majority of these resource deficiencies to abusive and excessive grazing practices.  When I come before you and show this photo, they say this isn't the real world. But the statistics suggest that overwhelmingly this is the real world. This is a grazing situation where, unfortunately, someone put cattle on this land, and they grazed it down until it looked like a desert. For 3 years after bankruptcy, the land had a chance to recover in the Santa Maria River area of western Arizona. This is what we have to show for it.  What I am suggesting is that the statistics and the studies do not back up the statements on the floor which suggest that this land is being managed so well. There is a need for the BLM. There is a need for the environmentalists. There is a need for public comment.  That is what I think needs to be protected. That is what section 116 would deny us. Frankly, that is what this debate is all about.  It has been the suggestion of my friend from New Mexico--not a suggestion but his notation of the rules of the Senate--that when the time comes for a vote that I am required by the rules of the Senate to remove this photo from the floor. So my colleagues who have not been here for this debate cannot come in and see exhibit No. 1, in my case, for the passage of my amendment. I can understand it. I know why the Senator from New Mexico doesn't want my colleagues to look at this photo. This tells the story as to what section 116 is all about.  I made it a point--because I have such high respect for the chairman from New Mexico--to ask those who are well versed in the rules of the Senate. Once again, the chairman from New Mexico is right. I have to remove this photo under the Senate rules. I will probably appeal that to the Supreme Court at some later time. But, for today, I am going to, obviously, follow the rules of the Senate.  But it is of interest to me that the Senator from New Mexico doesn't want our colleagues to see this photograph. I hope they are watching it as we broadcast this debate on the Senate floor. It tells the story.  This is the bottom line. The BLM is going to process these applications. They are going to get them done on time. There is no need for this amendment. They are going to take a look. In the rare case where they find a livestock operator who is misusing Federal lands that he is getting for a bargain price--where he is misusing land, destroying the ecology, endangering species, and destroying riverbeds and riparian areas--they are going to make him sign a change. If the Senator from New Mexico prevails, they will lose the authority to do that. They will have to renew the permit under the old conditions.  That is my objection to it. That is why I think it should be stricken.  I sincerely hope we have a better outcome on the vote. If my colleagues have followed the debate and have had a chance to see this photo, which concerns my colleague so much, I am hoping they will support me in my motion to strike section 116.  I yield the floor.  