 Let me say first how proud I am to cosponsor the legislation that has been introduced by the Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. Kennedy, and the Senator from the State of Oregon, Mr. Smith. It is bipartisan legislation. Senator Carl Levin of Michigan is also one of the lead sponsors of it as well.  The difference, as I understand it, between the proposal of the Senator from Utah and the proposal of Senators Kennedy and Smith really comes down to one basic point. As I understand it, the Senator from Utah is looking to, first, provide grants to States and localities so they can prosecute these crimes when they are found deserving; and, second, to study the issue to determine whether or not there is a need for Federal legislation.  As I understand the amendment before us by Senators Kennedy and Smith, it basically creates a Federal cause of action, expanding on what we now have in current law in terms of hate crimes, and expanding the categories of activities that would be covered by this hate crime legislation.  I say to the Senator from Utah, if he is on the floor, I believe the Senator from Massachusetts will provide ample evidence of the need for this legislation. I believe the statistics are not only there but they are overwhelming in terms of the reason he is introducing this amendment and why we need this national cause of action.  Second, during the course of my remarks I would like to address squarely the issue raised by the Senator from Utah, an issue that has been raised by the Supreme Court. It is, frankly, whether or not we have the authority to create this cause of action.  The Senator uses recent Supreme Court decisions relating to the commerce clause. When it came to the Violence Against Women Act, it is my understanding the Supreme Court ruled that they could not find the necessary connection between the Violence Against Women Act and the commerce clause to justify Federal activity in this area.  If the Senator from Utah will follow this debate, I think he will find that the Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator from Oregon are taking a different approach. They are using the 13th amendment as a basis for this legislation. They also establish an option of the commerce clause. But they are grounding it on a 13th amendment principle of law and Federal jurisdiction, which our Department of Justice agrees would overcome the arguments that have been raised in the Supreme Court under its current composition of overextension of the commerce clause.  I hope as the Senator from Utah reflects on this debate, the information provided by the Senator from Massachusetts, and the new constitutional approach to this, that he may reconsider offering this amendment. As good as it is to study the problem further and to provide additional funds, it doesn't address the bottom line; that is, to make sure there will at least be the option of a Federal cause of action in every jurisdiction in America.  I would be happy to yield to the Senator from Utah for a question.  