She has been a real leader on this whole question of the digital divide. She caught it before a lot of us caught on. Now she is asking for an opportunity to offer an amendment on this bill. Unfortunately, it has been the decision of the leadership in this Chamber that we will not be able to amend this bill. We can provide additional visas for these workers to come in from overseas on a temporary basis, but they are unwilling to give us an opportunity to offer amendments to provide the skills for American workers to fill these jobs in the years to come.  Alan Greenspan comes to Capitol Hill about every 3 or 4 weeks. Every breath he takes is monitored by the press to find out what is going to happen next at the Federal Reserve. On September 23, he gave an unusual speech for the Chairman of the Federal Reserve. He called on Federal lawmakers to make math and science education a national priority. Who would have guessed this economist from the Federal Reserve, the Chairman, would come and give a speech about education, but he did. He called on Congress:       . . . to boost math and science education in the schools.       He said it was ``crucial for the future of our nation'' in      an increasingly technological society.       He noted 100 years ago--the time I mentioned, when we      started building high schools in this country at such a rapid      rate--only about 1 in 10 workers was in a professional or      technical job, but by 1970 the number had doubled. Today      those jobs account for nearly one-third of the workforce.       Greenspan said just as the education system in the early      20th century helped transform the country from a primarily      agricultural, rural society to one concentrated in      manufacturing in urban areas, schools today must prepare      workers to use ever-changing high-technology devices such as      computers and the Internet. . . .       ``The new jobs that have been created by the surge in      innovation require that the workers who fill them use more of      their intellectual potential,'' Greenspan said. . . .'' This      process of stretching toward our human intellectual capacity      is not likely to end any time soon.''  If we acknowledge that education and training is a national problem and a national challenge, why isn't this Congress doing something about it?  Sadly, this Congress has a long agenda of missed opportunities and unfinished business. This is certainly one of them. For the first time in more thantwo decades, we will fail to enact an Elementary and Secondary Education Act. At a time when education is the highest priority in this country, it appears that the Senate cannot even bring this matter to the floor to debate it, to complete the debate, and pass it into law.  It is an indictment on the leadership of the House and the Senate that we will not come forward with any significant education or training legislation in this Congress.  We will come forward with stopgap measures such as H-1B visas to help businesses, but we will not come forward to help the workers develop the skills they need to earn the income they need to realize the American dream.  I remember back in the 1950s, when I was a kid just finishing up in grade school, that the Russians launched the satellite, Sputnik. It scared us to death. We didn't believe that the Russians, under their Communist regime, and under their totalitarian leadership, could ever come up with this kind of technology, and they beat us to the punch. They put the first satellite into space.  Congress panicked and said: We have to catch up with the Russians. We have to get ahead of them, as a matter of fact. So we passed the National Defense Education Act, which was the first decision by Congress to provide direct assistance to college students across America. I am glad that Congress did it because I received part of that money. I borrowed money from the Federal Government, finished college and law school, and paid it back. And thousands like me were able to see their lives open up before them.  It was a decision which led to a stronger America in many ways. It led to the decision by President Kennedy to create the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, putting a man on the moon and, of course, the rest, as they say, is history.  Why aren't we doing the same thing today? Why aren't we talking about creating a National Security Education Act? Senator Kennedy has a proposal along those lines. I would like to add to his proposal lifetime learning so that workers who are currently employed, as Senator Wellstone said, have a chance to go to these tech centers that Senator Mikulski described, to community colleges, and to other places, to develop the skills they need to fill these jobs that we are now going to fill with those coming in from overseas.  Make no mistake--I will repeat it for the Record--I have no objection to immigration. As the son of an immigrant, I value my mother's naturalization certificate. It hangs over my desk in my office as a reminder of where I come from. But I do believe we have an obligation to a lot of workers in the U.S. today who are looking for a chance to succeed. Unfortuantely, we are not going to have that debate. The decision has been made by the leadership that we just don't have time for it.  Those who are watching this debate can look around the Chamber and see that there are not many people here other than Senator Wellstone and myself. There has not been a huge cry and clamor from the Members of the Senate to come to the floor today. The fact is, we have a lot of time and a lot of opportunity to consider a lot of issues, and one of those should be education.  I might address an issue that Senator Wellstone raised earlier, as well as Senator Mikulski. How will workers pay for this additional training? How can they pay for the tuition and fees of community colleges or universities? It is a real concern.  In my State, in the last 20 years, the cost of higher education has gone up between 200 and 400 percent, depending on the school. A lot of people worry about the debt they would incur. I am glad to be part of an effort to create the deductibility of college education expenses and lifetime learning expenses. I think if you are going to talk about tax relief--and I am for that--you should focus on things that families care about the most and mean the most to the country.  What could mean more to a family than to see their son or daughter get into a school or college? And then they have to worry about how they are going to pay for it. If they can deduct tuition and fees, it means we will give them a helping hand in the Tax Code to the tune of $2,000 or $3,000 a year to help pay for college education.  I think that is a good tax cut. I think that is a good targeted tax cut, consistent with keeping our economy moving forward, by creating the workforce of the future. It is certainly consistent with Alan Greenspan's advice to Congress, as he looks ahead and says, if we want to keep this economy moving, we have to do it in a fashion that is responsive to the demands of the workplace. Many Members have spoken today, and certainly over the last several months, of the importance of skills training.  Robert Kuttner, who is an economist for Business Week, wrote:       . . . what's holding back even faster economic growth is      the low skill level of millions of potential workers.  I think that is obvious. As I said earlier, in visiting businesses, it is the No. 1 item of concern. The successful businesses in Illinois, when I ask them, What is your major problem? they don't say taxes or regulations--although they probably mention those--but the No. 1 concern is, they can't find skilled workers to fill the jobs, good-paying jobs. It really falls on our shoulders to respond to this need across America.  The sad truth is, we have allowed this wonderful revolution to pass many of our people by. We have to do something about American education. It is imperative that we look to our long-term needs, expanding opportunities in our workforce.  This means providing opportunities in schools, but also it means afterschool programs, programs during the summer, worker retraining programs, public-private partnerships, and grants to communities to give the workforce of the future a variety of ways to become the workers of the 21st century.  As far as this is concerned, I say, let a thousand flowers bloom, let communities come forward to give us their most creative, innovative ideas on how they can educate their workforce and students to really address these needs.  We have to improve K-through-12 education. I will bet, if I gave a quiz to people across America, and asked-- What percentage of the Federal budget do you think we spend on education K through 12? Most people would guess, oh, 15, 20, 25 percent. The answer is 1 percent of our Federal budget. One percent is spent on K-through-12 education.  Think about the opportunities we are missing, when we realize that if we are going to have more scientists and engineers, you don't announce at high school graduation that the doors are open at college for new scientists and engineers.  Many times, you have to reach down, as Senator Wellstone has said, to make sure that the teachers are trained so that they know how to introduce these students to the new science and the new technology so that they can be successful as well. That is part of mentoring for new teachers. It is teacher training for those who have been professionals and want to upgrade their skills.  I would like to bring that to the Senate floor in debate. I would like to offer an amendment to improve it. But no, we can't. Under this bill, all we have is the H-1B visa. Bring in the workers from overseas; don't talk about the needs of education and training in America.  In addition to improving K-through-12 education, we also have to look to the fact that science and math education in K-through-12 levels really will require some afterschool work as well.  It has been suggested to me by people who are in this field that one of the most encouraging things they went through was many times a summer class that was offered at a community college or university, where the best students in science and math came together from grade schools and junior highs and high schools to get together and realize there are other kids of like mind and like appetite to develop their skills. I think that should be part of any program.  The most recent National Assessment of Educational Progress has noted that we are doing better when it comes to the number of students who are taking science courses. We are doing better when it comes to SAT scores in science and math. But clearly we are not going to meet the needs of the 21st century unless we make a dramatic improvement.  Teacher training, as I mentioned, is certainly a priority. In 1998, the National Science Foundation found that 2 percent of elementary schoolteachers had a science degree--2 percent in 1998; 1 percent had a math degree; an additional 6 percent had majored or minored in science or math education in college. In middle schools, about 17 percent of science teachers held a science degree, 7 percent of math teachers had a degree in mathematics; 63 percent of high school science teachers had some type of science degree; and 41 percent of math teachers in high school had a degree in that subject.  It is a sad commentary, but a fact of life. In the town I was born in, my original hometown, East St. Louis, IL, I once talked to a leader in a school system there. It is a poor school system that struggles every day.  He said, he'd allow any teacher to teach math or science if they express a willingness to try, because they couldn't attract anyone to come teach with a math and science degree. We can improve on that. We can do better. There are lots of ways to do that, to encourage people to teach in areas of teacher shortages and skill shortages, by offering scholarships to those who will use them, by forgiving their loans if they will come and teach in certain school districts, by trying to provide incentives for them to perhaps work in the private sector and spend some time working in the schools. All of these things should be tried. At least they should be debated, should they not, on the floor of the Senate? And we are not going to get that chance. Instead, we will just limit this debate to the very narrow subject of the HB visa.  We also need to reach out to minorities. When it comes to developing science and engineering degrees, we certainly have to encourage those who are underrepresented in these degree programs. The National Science Foundation reports that African Americans, Hispanics, and Native Americans comprise 23 percent of our population but earn 13 percent of bachelor's degrees, 7 percent of master's degrees, and 4.5 percent of doctorate degrees in science and engineering.  Recruiting young people in the high-tech field will require initiatives to not only improve the quality of math and science education but also to spark kids' interest. I talked about the summer programs in which we can be involved, but there are many others as well. The National Defense Education Act should be a template, a model, as the GI bill was, for us to follow. It really was a declaration by our Government and by our people that the security of the Nation at that time required the fullest development of the mental resources and technical skills of its young men and women. That was said almost 50 years ago. It is still true today. The time is now for the Congress to step up to the plate and reaffirm our commitment to education.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  