They get up and go to work every morning. They think ahead for their children. They want to realize and live the American dream. The Senator in the parlance of politicians feels the pain of families and their anxieties about their future. It appears that the Senate in the last 2 weeks feels the pain of the wealthy people in America.  For those who think I overstate the case, this is an analysis of the tax cuts that have been proposed over the last 2 weeks in the Senate and the people who benefit from them.  The Republicans proposed that we take over $1 trillion--over half of the surplus for the next 10 years--and give it in tax cuts to the wealthiest of Americans. We analyzed their tax cut package. Democrats support tax cuts. The Senator from Minnesota talked about tax cuts so people can deduct the cost of college education; so people can deduct and have a credit for quality day care for their kids; for long-term care for their aging parents; for prescription drug benefits. The Republicans focused on the estate tax and a few other taxes.  I would like to ask the Senator from Minnesota to comment on this distribution chart because we analyzed the Republican tax cut. Who are the winners and who are the losers? The good news is that everybody gets a tax cut under the Republican plan.  But look at the tax cut. If you happen to make less than $13,000 a year--these are people of minimum wage--the tax cut is worth $24 a year, or two bucks a month.  Move up to $12,400 in income. You are going to see $82 a year, or about seven bucks a month. Now you get up to people making $40,000 a year. We are up to about $11 a month, or $131 a year. If you are up to $65,000, these folks are going to see a tax cut of about $16 or $17 a month under the Republican plan.  Fast forward and jump with me, if you will, to the top 1 percent of wage earners in America. People making over $300,000 a year--people in the gallery don't have to raise their hands--folks who are making over $300,000 a year are going to see an annual tax cut from a Republican proposal of $23,000 a year. On average, these people make over $900,000 a year, $75,000 a month. And the Republicans have proposed giving them an additional $2,000 a month in disposable income. For what? For what?  I can tell Members what these working families would do with $2,000 a month. It is fairly predictable. They would be paying for the kids' college education. They would be buying health insurance to make sure they are covered. They would be paying for quality day care. They would be taking care of an aging parent. That is what working families would do with a tax break. That is what Democrats support.  The Republicans say no; give the biggest tax cut to those who are making the most money. The response? Well, Senator, you don't understand. These people are paying too much in taxes. People making under $50,000 a year can use some tax relief, too. They are paying payroll taxes and facing a lot of problems every month.  The Republicans, frankly, won't listen to this. I want the Senator from Minnesota to comment on this distribution chart on his proposals of what we could be doing to help working families across this country.  