 Of course, we have our images--the Republican image and the Democratic image. We try to paint each other's image. In this situation, though, the Senator from New York makes the point: Just look at the facts. Don't look at the rhetoric or listen to the rhetoric. Don't look at all the things that are said in political campaigns but look at the facts. The facts show we are bringing down the debt at a faster rate than at anytime in our history.  I think more Americans--and particularly business people--are interested in seeing the debt of this Nation reduced than some grandiose plan for a tax cut that benefits the wealthiest people in this country. They would rather see us take the fiscally responsible, disciplined approach of bringing down their debt because they know that reduces the burden on our children.  Let me speak for a second about the tax burden for typical families in America. That is another thing that is often said. Of course, taxes are out of hand. But listen to this. At the same time all of these good things are happening to our fiscal house, the typical American family will shoulder the lowest Federal tax burden since 1978. It is amazing to them that their tax revenues are increasing because, frankly, people are making more money. You see it all the time for the middle-income and lower-income families--the lowest tax burden in over 20 years. That is something that is important to maintain.  I think it is responsible for the President to come forward and say: if we aregoing to have tax cuts, let us target them to these middle- and lower-income families. Let's look at things such as a long-term care tax credit because the largest growing segment of our population in America is those over the age of 85. Roughly half of them will need some specialized medical assistance for problems they are going to face. Their children and grandchildren need help in paying for that. The President's long-term care tax credit is a step in that direction.  I would like to ask my colleague from New York if he would yield. He has a proposal embodied in the President's budget that tries to help families pay for college education expenses, another one of the President's targeted tax cuts.  Would the Senator from New York be willing to explain that?  