President, I thank my colleague from Georgia, Max Cleland, my usual seatmate. I moved over here since he was speaking. I thank him for his presentation. He is one of the hardest working Members of the Senate. I echo his words. We both find ourselves, as do all Members of the Senate, in a real predicament. We have only passed three of the appropriations. Two of the bills have been signed into law, and now we are going to send three of the appropriation bills, as I understand it, into a conference committee without any consideration on the floor of the Senate.  This is not unprecedented. It has happened, but very rarely. What troubles me is it is becoming a rather common practice. When the President gives a State of the Union Address at the beginning of the year, he spells out to Congress his hopes for what we can achieve. Many of these hopes are never achieved. That is the plight of a President--relying on a Congress which has its own will and agenda. But the one thing the President is certain will be achieved is that, at the end of the congressional process, the spending bills necessary to keep the Government in business will be passed--13 bills.  If Congress did nothing else, it would have to pass the spending bills. Otherwise, agencies of Government would close down and important functions of Government would not be served. So the President, after giving all of his ideas in the State of the Union, steps back and watches Congress, which starts by the passage of a budget resolution and considers 13 different bills, funding all of the agencies of the Federal Government.  Sadly, over the last several years we have seen this whole process disintegrate to the point where, at the end of the session--and we are nearly there now as we come to the floor today on September 28; our new fiscal year begins October 1. Sadly, each and every year we end the session without doing our work. We end up with all of these spending bills which involve literally billions of dollars and many different functions of the Federal Government that have never been worked through the system. There are authorizing committees and appropriating committees, and they have the right names on the door. But when it comes to the bottom line, they don't, in fact, do their business and bring a bill out of the committee to the floor for consideration.  When we are studying civics and political science, one of the first books we run across is a pamphlet entitled ``How Laws Are Made.'' We teach our children and students across America, and around the world, for that matter, that there is a process in the Congress. The process involves committee consideration, floor consideration on both sides of the Rotunda, and if there are differences, a conference committee, which results in a compromise which is sent to the President for signature. It is very simple and American.  Unfortunately, it is also very unusual around this Congress, and now we are seeing more and more bills coming out of the committee, bypassing the Senate Chamber, and heading straight to a conference committee, which means that billions of dollars' worth of spending is never subject to debate or amendment. That means that Senators who don't serve on an appropriations subcommittee or the full Committee of Appropriations never get a chance to even speak on a bill, let alone change it.  The beauty of this institution, the most important deliberative body in our Nation, is that we are supposed to represent the people and speak to the issues involved in the bills and then come to some conclusion on their behalf. That is what representative government is about. It is what democracy is about. Yet we have been thwarted time and time again.  This time around, we find that only 10 of the bills have seen floor action. The Commerce-Justice-State bill, the Treasury bill, general government bill, and the VA-HUD bill are all moving directly from committee to conference. If this process continues, we will see this year what we have seen in previous years: a bill that comes at the end of the session, called an omnibus bill, that tries to capture all of the unfinished business and a lot of other items that are extraneous and put them in one package. And then, as my friend Senator Byrd from West Virginia can attest, we are handed a bill literally thousands of pages long and told to read it, vote, and go home. A lot of us wonder if we are meeting our constitutional responsibility in so doing.  I asked the staff if they kept one of those bills from previous years so I could show it during the course of this debate, but one wasn't readily available. These bills, as Senator Byrd can tell you, are sometimes 2,000 pages long, and we are asked to look at them and evaluate them. That is hard to do under the best of circumstances and impossible to achieve when we have very little time to do it. The best I could find was the Yellow Pages of the District of Columbia. It is not a good rendition because it is only 1,400 pages long. There is about another 600 pages we can expect to receive in the omnibus bill handed to us at the end of thesession. We will be told: ``Take it or leave it. Don't you want to go home and campaign?''  I think that is an abrogation of our constitutional responsibility.  I believe that most of us--even those of us on the Appropriations Committee--believe we are duty bound to come before this Senate to address the issues contained in these appropriations bills, to debate them, as we are elected to do, to reach an agreement, hopefully on a bipartisan basis, and pass the bill on to the House for its consideration and to a conference committee.  There was a mayor of New York City named Fiorello La Guardia--a famous mayor--who, when there was a newspaper strike in his town, went on the radio and read the cartoons and the comics to the kids so they wouldn't miss them. But he said what I think is appropriate here: There is no Democratic or Republican way of cleaning the streets.  What he was saying, I believe, is that in many of the functions of government, we really do not need partisanship. In fact, there shouldn't be partisanship.  In this situation, Senator Byrd spoke eloquently today about the traditions of the Senate--the idea of federalism, and the respect for small States and large States alike.  The fact is that this Chamber, unlike the one across the Rotunda, in which I was proud to serve for 14 years, gives every State an equal voice. But that is a fiction if in fact the legislation never comes to the floor so that Senators from every State can use their voice and express their point of view.  That, sadly, is what has been happening time and time again. Their appropriations work may be the most important part of our responsibility in Congress.  A few years go when Congress reached a terrible impasse, we actually closed down several agencies of Government for an extended period of time. There were some critics, radio commentators and the like, who said: Well, if they close down the Government, no one will ever notice.  They were wrong because, frankly, our phones were ringing off the hook. I can recall people calling my offices from Chicago and Springfield, IL, saying: How are we supposed to get our visas and passports to go overseas? How can we get these Federal agencies to respond? The Department of Agriculture was closed and the farmers needed to contact people about important decisions they had to make. In fact, closing down the Government is noticed, and people should take notice not only because important responsibilities of government are not being met but because Congress has not met its responsibility to make certain that we pass the appropriations bills that lead to the continuation of government responsibilities.  The people across America who elect us get up and go to work every morning knowing that if they stayed home and didn't do their job they wouldn't get paid. If they didn't get paid, they couldn't feed their families. We have to do our job. We have no less of a responsibility as Senators to stay here and work as long as it takes to accomplish these things.  The interesting thing, as you reflect on this session of Congress, is how little time we have spent in Washington on the Senate floor doing the people's business. This will be the shortest session of Congress we have had since 1956. Out of 108 days of session so far, we have had 34 days without a vote. If we continue at the current pace, it will take us nearly 2 full years to complete the remaining appropriations bills. That is a sad commentary.  Most of us who are elected to serve come to work and try to do our best. But if you look at this past year, you will find that we are only going to be in session 2 days longer than a Congress which was dubbed the ``Do-Nothing Congress'' back in the late 1940s. I think that is a sad commentary on our inability to face our responsibility.  Why do we find ourselves in this position? I think there are two major reasons. One is we are dealing with spending caps. These are limitations on spending which have been enacted into law which are there to make certain we don't fall back into red ink and into deficits. These spending caps are strings on the Federal Government's spending in appropriations bills. Some of them are reasonable and some of them are easy to live with. Some of them are very difficult to live with. Those of us on appropriations committees know that. As a member of the Budget Committee, I can attest to it as well.  The budget resolution, the architecture for all of our spending at the Federal level, was enacted by Congress--not by the President. He has no voice in that process. It was enacted by Congress. We try to live within the spending caps. Then we start to try to put together appropriations bills and quickly learn that in some areas there is just not enough money. Neither party wants to be blamed for breaking the spending caps early in the process.  We created unconscionable situations in previous years. One of the most important appropriations bills--the one for Labor, Health and Human Services and Education--was literally ravaged of its money. That money was taken and used in other appropriations bills. It was saved for the very last thing to be done. Knowing of its popularity across the country, many people on Capitol Hill felt that if we were going to bust the caps, we would do it for education, health care, and labor. It happened.  This year, as I understand, VA-HUD is one of those bills. What is more important than our obligation to our veterans? Men and women who served this country with dignity and honor were promised health care and veterans' programs. They rely on us to come up with the appropriations for that purpose and then find there is nothing in the appropriations bill to meet those needs.  Housing and urban development, an important appropriations bill that provides housing for literally millions of families across America, is similarly situated. We have ravaged the VA-HUD bill this year in an effort to try to make up for all of the other spending shortfalls in the other bills.  Everything stacks up as we come near the end of the year. Unlike many previous years, we haven't routed these bills through the Senate floor. So we have never been able to debate what the level of spending on the Senate floor should be for the Veterans' Administration, for the Treasury Department, and for a lot of agencies such as the Department of Justice and the State Department. That puts us at a disadvantage and creates the blockade that we find ourselves in today.  There are amendments as well in some of these bills that are extremely controversial because most of the authorizing committees do not come up with their authorizing bills. Many Members of the Senate have said: I have good legislation. I have a good idea. I will put it on the spending bill. I know they have to pass the spending bill ultimately, so we will do that.  That introduces controversy in some of these spending bills, and as a result, we find ourselves bypassing the Senate floor in an effort to avoid a controversial vote.  I am forever reminded of a quote from the late Congressman from Oklahoma, Mike Synar, who was chiding his fellow Members of the House of Representatives because they did not want to cast controversial votes. The late Congressman Mike Synar used to say, ``If you do not want to fight fires, do not be a firefighter.'' If you do not want to cast controversial votes, don't run for Congress. That is what this job is all about. You cast your votes for the people you represent with your conscience, and you go home and explain it. That is what democracies are all about.  Many of these appropriations bills have been kept away from the floor of the Senate so Members of the Senate who are up for reelection don't have to cast controversial votes. That has a lot to do with the mess we are in today.  Sadly, we have found that as to a lot of these amendments--some related to gun safety, for example, and some related to the treatment of gunmakers and how they can bid on contracts with the Government--because they were introduced in the appropriations bill, the bill was circumvented from the floor. They never got to the floor for fear Members would have to vote on them, and didn't want to face the music with the people who don't want gun control and with the National Rifle Association. They do not want to face reality. The reality is we have a responsibility to consider and vote on this important legislation.  Some have said we don't have time to do all of that. I have been here all week. I think we have been casting a grand total of about one vote a day. I think we are up to a little more than that.  There have been days in the House and Senate where we have cast dozens of votes. We can do that. We can limit debate, cast the votes, and get on with our business.  This week we have been consumed with the H-1B visa bill, a bill which would allow an increase in the number of temporary visas so people with technical skills can come into the United States. We spent a whole week on it.  We are going to go home in a few hours having achieved virtually nothing this week, except for the passage of this short-term spending bill that is pending at the moment. We will delay for another week the business of the Senate.  One has to wonder what will happen in the meantime. I think the President is right to insist that Congress stay and do its job. Some people have said: Why not leave the leaders of Congress here in Washington and let the Members go home and campaign? Let the leaders haggle back and forth as to what the spending bills should contain. I oppose that. I oppose it because I believe we all have a responsibility to stay and meet our obligation to the people of this country and to consider these spending bills. A few years ago, in major sports, there was a decision made about the same time, in basketball. I can recall that in high school when your team would get ahead, you would freeze the ball; you would try to run the clock. Players would dribble around and not get the ball in the hands of the opposition and hope the clock ran out. That used to happen at all levels of basketball. Finally, people said, that is a waste of time. People came to see folks playing basketball, not wasting time dribbling. So they put shot clocks in and said after every few seconds, if you don't take a shot, you lose the ball.  They did the same thing in football. They said we will basically speed this game up, too; we will make you play the game rather than delay the game.  I think we ought to consider, I say to Senator Byrd, the possibility of a vote clock in the Senate that says maybe once every 12 hours while we are in session the Senate is actually going to cast a vote. I know that is radical thinking, somewhat revolutionary. But if we had a vote clock, we wouldn't be dribbling away all of these opportunities to pass important spending bills. We wouldn't be running away from the agenda that most families think are important for them and the future of our country.  Look at all of the things we have failed to do this year. This is a Congress of missed opportunities and unfinished business. It is hard to believe we have been here for 115 days and have so little to show for it. When the people across America, and certainly those I represent in Illinois, talk to me about their priorities and things they really care about, it has little or nothing to do with our agenda on the floor of the Senate. They want to know what Congress is going to do about health care. They have kids who don't have health insurance. They themselves may not have health insurance. They wonder what we will do about a prescription drug benefit. We had a lot of speeches on it. We just don't seem to have reached the point where we can pass a bill into law. Sadly, that says this institution is not producing as people expect Congress to produce.  With a vote clock running on the Senate floor and Members having to cast a vote at least once every 12 hours while in session, maybe we will address these things. Maybe people won't be so fearful of the prospect of actually casting a vote on the floor of the Senate.  Patients' Bill of Rights is another example. People in my home State of Illinois and my hometown of Springfield come to me and tell me horror stories about the insurance companies and the problems they are having with medical care for their families; serious situations where doctors are prescribing certain medications, surgeries, certain hospitalizations, and there will be some person working for an insurance company 100 miles away or more denying coverage, time and time again, saying: You cannot expect to have that sort of treatment even if your doctor wants it.  Many of us believe there should be a Patients' Bill of Rights which defines the rights of all Americans and their families when it comes to health insurance. I believe and I bet most people do, as well. Doctors and medical professionals should make these judgments, not people who are guided by some bottom line of profit and loss but people who are guided by the bottom line of helping people to maintain their health.  We can't pass a Patients' Bill of Rights. The insurance companies, which are making a lot of money today off of these families, just don't want Congress to enact that law. So they have stopped us from passing meaningful legislation.  Another thing we want to do is if the insurance company makes the wrong decision, and you are hurt by it, or some member of your family dies as a result of it, you have a right to sue them for their negligence. Every person, every family, every business in America is subject to a lawsuit, litigation, being held accountable in court for their negligence and wrongdoing--except health insurance companies. We have decided health insurance companies, unlike any other business in America, will not be held accountable for their wrongdoing.  With impunity, they make decisions denying coverage. I think that is wrong. I think they should be held to the same standard every other business in America is held to; that is, if they do something to hurt a person because of their negligence or intentional wrongdoing, they should be held accountable. That is part of our law, the ones that we support on this side of the aisle.  One can imagine that the health insurance companies hate that idea just as the devil hates holy water. They don't want to see that sort of thing ever happen. So they have stopped us from passing the bill. It is another thing we have failed to do in this Congress--a Patients' Bill of Rights.  On prescription drug benefits, to think that we would finally take Medicare, created in 1965, and modernize it so that the elderly and disabled would have access to affordable prescription drugs is not radical thinking. I daresay in every corner of my State, whether a person is liberal, conservative, or independent, they understand this one. People, through no fault of their own, find they need medications that they cannot afford. So they make hard choices. Sometimes they don't take the pill and sometimes they bust them in half, and sometimes they can afford them at a cost of the necessities of life. Shouldn't we change that? Shouldn't we come to an agreement to create a universal, voluntary, prescription drug plan under Medicare? But unless something revolutionary occurs in the next few days, we are going to leave Washington without even addressing the prescription drug issue under Medicare.  Another question is a minimum wage increase. It has been over 2 years now we have held people at $5.15 an hour. Somewhere between 10 and 12 million workers in America are stuck at $5.15 an hour. In my home State of Illinois, over 400,000 people got up this morning and went to work for $5.15 an hour. Quickly calculate that in your mind, and ask yourself, could you survive on $11,000 or $12,000 a year? I know I couldn't. I certainly couldn't do it if I were a single parent trying to raise a child. And the substantial number of these minimum wage workers are in that predicament. They are women who were once on welfare and now trying to get back to work. They are stuck at $5.15 an hour.  We used to increase that on a regular basis. We said, of course, the cost of living went up; the minimum wage ought to go up, too. Then it became partisan about 15 years ago, and ever since we have had the fight, year in and year out. We may leave this year without ever addressing an increase in minimum wage for 12 million people across America in these important jobs--not just maintaining our restaurants and hotels but also maintaining our day-care centers and our nursing homes. These important people who cannot afford the high-paid lobbyists that roam the Halls of Congress are going to find that this Congress was totally unresponsive to their needs.  Issues go on and on, things that this Congress could have addressed anddidn't address. Sadly enough, we are not only failing to address the important issues, we are not doing our basic business. We are not passing the spending bills that we are supposed to pass. As Senator Byrd said earlier, we are derelict in our responsibilities under the Constitution. We have failed to respond to the American people when they have asked us to do our job and do our duty.  I hope that before we leave in this session of Congress, we will resolve to never find ourselves in this predicament again; that we are never going to find ourselves having missed so many opportunities that the people of this country have to wonder why we have not accepted our responsibility in a more forthcoming way.  I don't know if next year I will be making the proposal on the Senate floor. I have to talk to Senator Byrd. It is kind of a radical idea of installing a vote clock that will run and force a vote every 12 hours around here so we can get something done. But it worked for the National Football League. It worked for the National Basketball Association.  And Senator Byrd, I know you can't find it in that Constitution in your pocket, but maybe that is what it will take to finally get this Senate to get down to work on the business about which people really care.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L. Chafee). Senator from West Virginia.  