President, the Senate has been considering an important measure to increase the number of visas available for high-technology workers from other countries to come to the United States. I urge my colleagues to lend their support to that measure but also to an equally important measure, not only for providing a workforce in America but for keeping true to our fundamental sense of American fairness. The bill to which I refer is the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act. I am honored to be a cosponsor of one of the three major elements of that act.  The United States is known throughout the world for the splendid vision that guides the actions we take as a nation. America is first and foremost a country that cherishes equality, a land where all people are equal under the eyes of the law, a land of liberty and justice for all.  This vision of America is a constant challenge to those of us in the Senate who are privileged to be working for the American people, working to make it concrete and real in everyday life. It is a hard task, indeed, to ensure equality of opportunity for all people, harder still to provide equal justice. Perhaps most difficult of all is the challenge of ensuring that equality of opportunity, of liberty, and of justice are available to the poorest, the most underrepresented, the most disenfranchised segments of American society.  There is an area of public policy where our efforts at achieving this American ideal have not always been successful, an area where counterproductive laws and cumbersome bureaucracies have dealt a series of unfair blows against people least able to defend themselves, an area where inequality in the eyes of the law is too often the rule rather than the exception. I am speaking of the plight of our immigrant population.  Let me confess at the outset that I come to this subject with some prejudice. My mother was an immigrant to this country. In my office in the Senate above my desk is my mother's naturalization certificate. I keep it there as a reminder that the son of an immigrant to this country can one day be a U.S. Senator, representing a State as great as the State of Illinois.  My story isn't unique. There are stories such as mine all over America--of people who came here as immigrants, their sons and daughters, looking for the American dream and finding it. Given that opportunity to participate in this great society, to work hard, to try to achieve their very best, they did. Because of that, we are a great nation.  The current state of affairs is shocking when it comes to the arbitrary treatment of immigrants coming to our country. Almost at random, Federal authorities deem some immigrants to be legally here while others in identical situations are denied any legal protection.  In a nation that treasures and respects ``family values'', immigrant families are being torn apart under the capricious application of our current laws. Husbands must leave their wives, parents are separated from their children, brothers and sisters told they may never be able to see one another again, all in the name of an immigration policy that treats Nicaraguans differently from Salvadorans, children differently from adolescents, and skilled carpenters differently from skilled computer technicians.  The simple, inescapable fact is that our current immigration laws are unfair. They create a highly unworkable patchwork approach to the status of immigrants, one that assaults our sense of fair play. Immigrants from Nicaragua and Cuba who have lived here since 1995 can obtain green card status in the U.S. through a sensible, straightforward process. Guatemalans, Salvadorans and East Europeans are covered by a different, more stringent and more cumbersome set of procedures. A select group of Haitian immigrants are classified under another restrictive status. Hondurans by yet another.  Here are some examples:  As if this helter-skelter approach isn't bad enough, existing policies also treat family members of immigrants--spouses and children--differently depending on where they live, and under which provision of which law they are covered. Consider the case of young Gheycell, who came to the U.S. when she was 12 years old with her father and sister. The family was fleeing from war-torn Guatemala; fleeing the carnage, brutality and utter chaos that ravaged their poor country. They applied for asylum here in the United States, and received work permits as their case was decided. Nine yearslater, the case is still pending. Gheycell's father and sister have been told they will get their green cards, but Gheycell, now 21 years old, is no longer a minor child, and has thereby lost her legal status. Although she has grown up in the United States, although she has become an active and integrated member of her community, although she has attended college here and wants to further pursue her education and her career and, most of all, although she desperately wants to stay together with her family, the vagaries of our current system have plunged this young lady into a status as an undocumented alien.  Or consider the plight of Maria Orellana, a war refugee from El Salvador, who fled the country when soldiers killed two members of her family. She has lived the past ten years in the United States. Recently, the INS ordered her deported even though she is eight months pregnant and even though her husband--himself an immigrant--has legal status here and expects to soon be sworn in as a U.S. citizen. When a newspaper reporter asked the INS to comment on Maria's case, the reply was: ``I don't know why Congress wrote it differently for people of different countries. We're not in a position to change a law given to us by Congress . . . we just enforce the law as written.''  Well, the law, in this case, was written badly, and needs to be fixed. That fix is before us today. It is the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act. This bill addresses three areas of the most egregious inequities in immigration law, offering fixes that are not only meet the test of simple fairness, but also benefit our nation in important ways.  The first area that the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act addresses is NACARA parity. Currently, the Nicaraguan Adjustment and Central American Relief Act--NACARA--creates different standards for immigrants depending on their country of origin. This patchwork approach relies on artificial distinctions and inevitably creates inequities among different populations of immigrants. The Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act would eliminate these inequities by providing a level playing field on which all immigrants with similar histories would be treated equally under the law. The Act extends to other immigrants--whether from the Americas or from Eastern Europe--the same opportunities that NACARA currently provides only to Nicaraguans and Cubans.  Secondly, a provision to restore Section 245(i) of the Immigration Act would restore a long-standing and sensible policy that was unfortunately allowed to lapse in 1997. Section 245(i) had allowed individuals that qualified for a green card to obtain their visa in the U.S. if they were already in the country. Without this common-sense provision, immigrants on the verge of getting a green card must return to their home country to obtain their visa. However, the very act of making such an onerous trip can put their status in jeopardy, since other provisions of immigration law prohibit re-entry to the U.S. under certain circumstances. Restoring the Section 245(i) mechanism to obtain visas here in the U.S. is a good policy that will help keep families together and keep willing workers in the U.S. labor force.  Third, and equally important, is changing the Date of Registry. Undocumented immigrants seeking permanent residency must demonstrate that they have lived continuously in the U.S. since the ``date of registry'' cut-off. The Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act would update the date of registry from 1972--almost 30 years of continuous residency--to 1986. Many immigrants have been victimized by confusing and inconsistent INS policies in the past fifteen years--policies that have been overturned in numerous court decisions, but that have nonetheless prevented many immigrants from being granted permanent residency. Updating the date of registry to 1986 would bring long overdue justice to the affected populations.  Correcting the inequities in current immigration policies is not only a matter of fundamental fairness, it is good, pragmatic public policy. The funds sent back by immigrants to their home countries are important sources of foreign exchange, and significant stabilizing factors in several national economies. The immigrant workforce is important to our national economy as well. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has frequently cited the threat to our economic well-being posed by an increasingly tight labor pool. Well, this act would allow workers already here to move more freely in the labor market, and provide not just high-tech labor, but a robust pool of workers able to contribute to all segments of the economy.  In short, the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act is an important step for restoring a fundamental sense of fairness in our treatment of America's immigrant population. Even in the midst of the Senate's busy end-of-session schedule, this is a bill that should be passed into law. It is a matter of common sense, and of good public policy but most of all, it is a matter of simple fairness.  But--and this must be said--the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act has had an extraordinarily difficult time seeing the light of day. My good colleagues, Senators Kennedy and Reid and I tried to bring this bill forward for consideration in July, before the Senate left for its August recess. We were unsuccessful. We are trying again now, in the limited time left for this Congressional session, and again, we have been unsuccessful. And I must ask, for the sake of preserving families, shouldn't this bill be voted on? For the sake of our national economy--beset as it is by a shortage of essential workers--shouldn't this bill be voted on? For the sake of the economies of those Latin American countries that receive considerable sums from immigrants to the U.S. who are able to legally live and work here, shouldn't this bill be voted on? For the sake of our national sense of fairness, of justice, of our very notion of right and wrong, shouldn't this bill be voted on?  The Latino Immigration and Fairness Act has unusually broad support. President Clinton and Vice President Gore both actively support the provisions in this bill. So does Jack Kemp. Empower America supports this bill as pro-family and pro-market. AFL-CIO supports it as pro-labor. Many faith-based organizations have lent their support as well, recognizing the simple fairness that is at the heart of this legislation. In light of this broad spectrum of bipartisan support for the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act, it seems the only proper course of action is to bring this bill forward in the Senate for full consideration. Again, I have to close by asking this esteemed body: Shouldn't this bill be voted on?  Mr. President, I reserve the balance of my time.  