President, I rise in support of the FAA/AIP reauthorization conference report, H.R. 1000. I commend Senators Hollings, Rockefeller, Gorton, and McCain for their efforts.  This measure would lift the High Density Rule at several of the nation's slot controlled airports, including Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. I support this conference report with the understanding that it puts safety aboveall other issues and keeps a watchful eye on noise levels and the environment around these airports.  This conference report also significantly increases funding for the Essential Air Service and Airport Improvement Programs, ensuring that Illinois airports will be able to complete important infrastructure projects as well as gain greater access to valuable markets.  I fully understand that some opponents are attempting to portray a High Density Rule lift as a safety issue. I agree that safety must be paramount. The FAA is and always should be the final arbiter of safety. And no matter what Congress does today, the FAA will continue to have the authority to regulate air traffic and ensure that passenger and community safety is never at risk.  Last fall, I received a letter from FAA Administrator Garvey, which says in part, ``Let me assure you that if the High Density Rule is lifted at Chicago or any other airport, safety will not be compromised.'' The Administrator goes on to say, ``The FAA does not control aircraft at high density airports any differently than at any other commercial airport. We will continue to operate these airports using all appropriate procedures and traffic management initiatives for the safe and expeditious handling of air traffic. Safety is always our highest priority.''  The National Air Traffic Controllers Association and specifically the Chicago controllers support lifting the slot restrictions at O'Hare. NATCA believes that O'Hare can handle the increased traffic without sacrificing safety. I have had the opportunity to meet with the controllers about this issue, and I believe they bring a unique and important perspective to this debate.  It also should be noted that a 1995 U.S. Department of Transportation (U.S. DoT) study concluded that lifting the High Density Rule would have no impact on safety because air traffic control is implemented independently of the slot restrictions.  Thus, the claim that this would undermine safety is unfounded.  I also take exception to the notion that Congress is getting ahead of the FAA. Federal transportation officials have believed for some time that the High Density Rule is outdated and inefficient and not an appropriate safety mechanism. And our colleagues in the House voted overwhelmingly last year to lift the slot restrictions, with the support of the FAA.  Government reports tell us that O'Hare has been surpassed by Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport as the world's busiest. This raises the obvious question: if airports such as Atlanta and Dallas/Ft. Worth and LAX in Los Angeles can operate safely and efficiently without slot restrictions, why can't O'Hare?  The High Density Rule or slot restrictions were developed in the late 1960s, to mitigate delays. However, with the dawn of state-of-the-art air traffic control systems and improved flow control procedures, the High Density Rule has outlived its usefulness.  Instead, the High Density Rule artificially limits access to O'Hare and adversely affects smaller communities. In Illinois, three downstate communities have totally lost service to O'Hare--Decatur, Mt. Vernon, and Quincy--and one city, Moline, has already experienced a carrier leaving solely because of the slot restrictions.  In my hometown of Springfield, Capital Airport has been battling for years to attract and retain adequate service to O'Hare. Today, there are more Chicago passengers than seats available.  When we look for this reason, all runways lead to the same place--the High Density Rule. Carriers choose to move commuter operations to Denver and Dallas/Ft. Worth rather than deal with the slot restrictions at O'Hare. Communities pay the price through loss of access to key domestic and international markets, lost jobs, diminished tourism and stagnant economic development.  Bob O'Brien, the Capital Airport Executive Director of Aviation, writes, ``The inability for the Springfield community to adequately access Chicago and connect to other locations in the country or the world impacts the movements of goods and services and, consequently, is a major detriment to the retention and attraction of businesses. The growth and viability of the local Springfield community is at risk. * * * While our country's aviation system is among the best in the world, it is compromised by an artificial `choke point' known as the High Density Rule.''  I would like to ask, why is it that we should maintain a ``choke point'' at a city which serves as the transportation hub of the nation?  Mark Hanna, Director of Aeronautics at Quincy's Baldwin Field, writes, ``* * * Quincy community leaders believe the removal of the current slot restrictions at O'Hare is critical in continuing this vital service between Quincy and Chicago. * * * With your support of providing relief from the current `High Density Slot Rule' at O'Hare, we can maintain this valuable air service and increase its marketability.''  Julie Moore, President of the Metro Decatur Chamber of Commerce says, ``That (O'Hare) air service is essential to the economic growth and stability of our area.''  I understand the frustration that passengers have with flight delays. As a frequent flier, going into or through O'Hare twice a week, I experience it often. Will lifting the High Density Rule make the planes run on time? Of course not. But will it worsen the delays? Not necessarily. The FAA is working with its air traffic controllers and the airlines to implement both short-term and long-term ways to reduce delays in the air and on the ground including giving more authority to a nationwide Command Center to control flow of aircraft and attempting to decrease so-called ground-stops.  With regard to noise, according to data reported in U.S. DOT's 1995 study, the increase in population around O'Hare affected by noise due to lifting the High Density Rule is very small when compared to the decrease due to the transition to an all Stage 3 fleet in 2005. After lifting the High Density Rule and shifting to a Stage 3 fleet, the population exposed to very high noise levels should decrease. Elimination of the High Density Rule also will provide scheduling flexibility to the airlines and in so doing could reduce nighttime noise.  At my insistence, the conferees have included several provisions that will study the noise levels at the nation's slot-controlled airports and compare them to pre-Stage 3 aircraft noise levels around these same airports. The Secretary of Transportation also is required to study noise, the environment, access to underserved communities, and competition at O'Hare. Finally, O'Hare and the other slot-controlled airports will receive priority consideration for Airport Improvement Program funds for noise abatement and mitigation. This will help improve and expand soundproofing efforts and noise monitoring.  Both U.S. DoT's 1995 study and a 1999 GAO review found that the High Density Rule creates a barrier to entry and restricts airline competition at the affected airports. According to GAO, fares are higher at airports under the High Density Rule than at unrestricted airports. U.S. DoT concluded that lifting the high density rule would result in lower air fares and more competition.  According to a report conducted by Booz-Allen-Hamilton, allowing O'Hare to fully develop would contribute $26 billion annually to the greater Chicago economy. On the other hand, artificial constraints on O'Hare's capacity could cost the region $7 billion to $8 billion.  Mr. President, the High Density Rule has had more than 30 years to produce results. However, the only tangible results I've experienced are artificial barriers to access and competition. I don't take lightly the arguments raised by opponents of this amendment. In the past, I have supported compromise language that would offer some limited expansion of O'Hare. However, opponents have rejected even the introduction of one new flight at O'Hare. I believe this position is unrealistic and unfair to downstate Illinois communities that desperately need Chicago O'Hare access. I will hold the FAA, the airlines and these airports accountable to improve safety, reduce delays and achieve greater access for underserved markets while striving to protect the environment and limit airport noise.  