The chairman of their organization, a gentleman from Iowa whose name I do not have handy, made this announcement--in fact, it has been videotaped and replayed--where he said: Listen, the choice for the National Rifle Association in this Presidential race is clear. If George Bush is elected President of the United States, the National Rifle Association will have its man in the White House.  The Senator from California does not exaggerate. That is exactly what he said.  What does it mean to have your person in the White House next to the President? It means gun safety legislation does not have a chance. Not a single thing is going to be passed by Congress that will not be vetoed by George W. Bush.  Secondly, I hope the Senator from California will also reflect on this, and that is, it is likely in the next Presidency two or three Supreme Court Justices will be nominated. The National Rifle Association is going to have its voice in that process if George Bush is elected President. They will decide whether or not the Supreme Court Justice nominee passes their litmus test, which basically says we should sell guns in this country with no questions asked.  That is not a decision for 4 years; it is a decision for decades because if the Supreme Court has a majority of that point of view, that is going to affect the laws that are approved virtually across the board at the State and Federal level.  When the National Rifle Association at their convention starts ranting and raving about their choice for President, it is because they are sick and tired of President Clinton, who has stood up for gun safety as long as he has been in the White House. They are frightened by the prospect of Vice President Gore becoming President and continuing that tradition of supporting sensible gun safety legislation. They want George W. Bush. They want their man in the White House. They want to help pick the Supreme Court. You can bet as an American, I am concerned that will increase the incidence of gun violence in our country.  