President, with the passage of the Violence Against Women Act in 1994, the Federal Government for the first time adopted a comprehensive approach to combating violence against women. This bill included tough new criminal penalties and also created new grant programs to help both women and children who are victims of family violence.  Since that time, violence against women has significantly decreased. But in spite of these improvements, far more needs to be done.  Every 20 seconds a woman is raped and/or physically assaulted by an intimate partner and nearly one-third of women murdered each year are killed by a husband or boyfriend.  Domestic violence still remains the leading cause of injury to women ages 15 to 44 and sadly, there are children under the age of twelve in approximately four out of ten houses that experience domestic violence.  Many victims of domestic violence are not recognized and therefore do not get the help that they need.  I am happy to report that the conference report includes several provisions that I authored with Senator Collins to assist both older and disabled women who are the victims of domestic violence. Those provisions were part of S. 1987, the Older and Disabled Women's Protection from Violence Act.  Unfortunately for some, domestic violence is a life long experience. Those who perpetrate violence against their family members do not stop because the family member grows older. Neither do they stop because the family member is disabled. To the contrary, several studies show that the disabled suffer prolonged abuse compared to non-disabled domestic violence victims. Violence is too often perpetrated on those who are most vulnerable.  In some cases, the abuse may become severe as the victim ages or as disability increases and the victim becomes more isolated from the community with their removal from the workforce. Other age-related factors such as increased frailty may increase a victim's vulnerability.  It also is true that older and disabled victims' ability to report abuse is frequently confounded by their reliance on their abuser for care or housing.  Every 7 minutes in Illinois, there is an incidence of elder abuse.  Several research studies have shown that elder abuse is the most under reported familial crime. It is even more under reported than child abuse with only between one in eight and one in fourteen incidents estimated to be reported.  National and State specific statistics are not available for domestic abuse against disabled individuals. However, several studies of specific areas indicate that abuse is of longer duration for women with disabilities compared to women without a disability. Canadian studies over the last decade indicate that the incidence in that country at least of battery for women with disabilities was 1.5 times higher than for women without a disability. 3 other independent studies indicated that ``Regardless of age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation or class, women with disabilities are assaulted, raped and abused at a rate of more than two times greater than non-disabled women'' Sobsey 1994, Cusitar 1994, DisAbled Women's Network 1988.  Older and disabled individuals who experience abuse worry they will be banished to a nursing home or institutions if they report abuse.  Many older women were raised to believe that family business is a private matter. Problems within families were not to be discussed with anyone, especially strangers or counselors.  They also must struggle with the ethical dilemma of reporting abuse by their children to the authorities and thus increasing their child's likelihood of going to jail. Shame and fear gag them so that they remain ``silent victims.''  Disabled women also wrestle with the fear that they may lose their children in a custody case if they report abuse.  This bill includes modifications of the STOP law enforcement state grants program and the ProArrest grants program to increase their sensitivity to the needs of older and disabled women. These programs provide funding for services and training for officers and prosecutors for dealing with domesticviolence. This training needs to be sensitive to the needs of all victims, young and old, disabled and non-disabled. The images portrayed in the media of the victims of domestic violence generally depict a young woman, with small children. Consequently, many people including law enforcement officers may not readily identify older or disabled victims as suffering domestic abuse.  Only a handful of domestic abuse programs throughout the country are reaching out to older and disabled women and law enforcement rarely receive training in identifying victims who are either older or disabled.  The bill also sets up a new training program for law enforcement, prosecutors and others to appropriately identify, screen and refer older and disabled women who are the victims of domestic violence.  Improvement in this program can be made with respect to identifying abuse among all age groups especially seniors who are often overlooked. When the abuser is old, there may be a reticence on the part of law enforcement to deal with this person in the same way that they might deal with a younger person. Who wants to send an ``old guy'' to jail? However, lack of action jeopardizes the victim further because then the abuser has every reason to believe that there are no consequences for their actions. Another common problem is differentiating between injuries related to abuse and injuries arising from aging, frailty or illness. Too many older or disabled women's broken bones have been attributed to disorientation, osteoporosis, or other age-related vulnerabilities without any questions being asked to make sure that they are not the result of abuse.  With the graying of America, the problems of elder domestic abuse in all its many ugly manifestations, is likely to grow. I believe that we need to take a comprehensive look at our existing family violence programs and ensure that these programs serve seniors and are sensitive and knowledgeable of elder domestic abuse.  In addition, the disabled's injuries may be falsely attributed to their disability and the bill authorizes a new program for education and training for the needs of disabled victims of domestic violence.  I thank Chairman Hatch and Senator Biden for working with me to include these provisions that should help to ensure that Federal Anti-Family Violence Programs are indeed available for all victims whether young or old, or whether able-bodied or a woman with a disability.  In just the past year, the Supreme Court offered an important ruling on the Violence Against Women Act. The decision was certainly not one that I would have hoped for.  In the case of U.S. v. Morrison, the Supreme Court struck down a provision of the Violence Against Women Act that gave victims of rape and domestic violence the right to sue their attackers in federal court. Congress passed this law to give women an additional means of pursuing justice when they are the victims of assault. We passed this law because the States themselves did not always adequately pursue rapists and assailants. And the States acknowledged this.  Thirty-six States had entered this suit on behalf of the woman who had been victimized. They wanted victims of violence against women to retain the right to bring their attackers to court. But the Supreme Court, in a narrow vote, decided otherwise. The vote: five to four.  This action by the Senate reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act will overcome that court decision.  