 I salute my colleague from the State of Massachusetts. Senator Kennedy has been the leader on so many issues throughout his political career. You can almost count on it: It is late at night--7:30 p.m. on the Senate floor. Very few Senators are still around to debate this important issue. But Senator Kennedy, who has become legendary in his commitment to issues in the Senate, stayed for this important debate. I am honored to share the floor with him. I am honored to share the same position on this issue with my colleagues, Senator Kennedy and Senator Boxer.  As Senator Boxer noted earlier, at the Million Mom March in Washington, there were several members of Senator Kennedy's family who came and spoke about what gun violence has meant to them. America knows that story. America knows it so well. America knows of the assassination of President John Kennedy, of the assassination of Senator Robert Kennedy, and all the tragedies that have befallen that family. We know it because they are soprominent in the American culture and the American political scene. We know, as well, that people with less prominent names, not that well known, have endured gun violence on a daily basis.  At the end of the Million Mom March, in Chicago, a spokesman for one of the group's sponsoring it, the Bell Campaign Fund, brought a bell near the stage and invited the families to come up and ring it if they had lost someone to gun violence in their family.  At first they were hesitant to come forward; and then more started to move forward. Finally, it became a long, long procession of young and old, of those who were not well dressed and those who were very well dressed, of rich and poor, of black and white and brown, of children and of the elderly. They came forward--hesitated--and rang the bell. They had lost someone in their family to gun violence.  As you watched this procession go by, anyone observing it could not help but think there but for the grace of God go I; it can happen to any family in America.  A nation of 270 million people, and a nation of over 200 million guns, a nation where every day we pick up a newspaper, turn on the radio, or turn on the television, to hear of another gun death. The sad reality is that we have become inured to it. We have become used to it. We think this is what life is like in the world. It is not. It is what life is like in America-- in America, where we have failed to pass legislation for gun safety, to make the neighborhoods and the schools, the towns, and the cities across America safer places to live.  What calls our attention to this steady stream of information about gun violence is the most outrageous situations. For the last several years, the most outrageous gun violence has occurred in America's schools:  In February, 1997, in Bethel, AK, a 16-year-old boy took a shotgun and a bag of shells to school, killing the principal and a student and injuring two others.  On October 1, 1997, in Pearl, MS, a 16-year-old boy is sentenced to life in prison for killing his mother and then going to his high school and shooting nine students, two of them fatally.  On December 1, 1997, in West Paducah, KY, three students are killed, five others wounded at the high school; a 14-year-old student pleaded guilty--mentally ill--to murder.  On March 24, 1998, Jonesboro, AR--you will remember this one--four girls and a teacher killed and 10 people wounded at a middle school, when two boys, aged 11 and 13, fired from a nearby woods. They literally brought an arsenal of weapons and ammunition. They triggered the fire alarm bell. The kids ran out of the classroom and they opened fire.  America, 1998:  On April 24 of that year, in Edinboro, PA, a science teacher is killed in front of his students at an eighth grade dance. A 15-year-old pleaded guilty.  On May 19, 1998, in Fayetteville, TN, 3 days before graduation, an 18-year-old honors student opened fire at his high school, killing a classmate who was dating his ex-girlfriend.  On May 21, 1998, in Springfield, OR, two teenagers are killed and more than 20 hurt when a teenage boy opened fire at his high school, after killing his parents.  On April 20, 1999--the news story of the year in America; you may not have heard of the town before, but you know the name now--in Littleton, CO, two students at Columbine High School killed 12 of their classmates and a teacher and wounded 23 others before killing themselves.  That was supposed to be the gun tragedy that turned this issue around. Congress was supposed to wake up at that point and finally do something to protect America from gun violence.  Of course, we considered legislation on the floor of the Senate, and it was a long, painful debate. The bill finally came up before us, and on a vote of 49-49--a tie vote--Vice President Gore came to this Chamber, cast the tie-breaking vote, and we passed a gun safety bill which, under the Constitution, then went to the House of Representatives across the Rotunda.  Was this a radical bill? Was this something so outlandish  that we could not expect the House of Representatives to consider it? I do not think so. Forty-eight of my colleagues and myself believed it was a sensible gun control measure.  What did it say?  If you buy a gun at a gun show, we want to make sure you can legally own it.  If you have a criminal record, we do not want you to buy it.  If you are a child, we do not want you to buy it.  If you have a restraining order because of domestic violence or something else, we do not want you to buy it.  If you have a history of violent mental illness, we do not want you to buy a gun.  We want to check your background and make sure you do not have a problem where you should not own a gun.  Is this a radical idea, keeping guns out of the hands of people who are criminals? The Brady law, which we passed in America, has kept guns out of the hands of hundreds of thousands of people such as those I described. And you think to yourself: Come on now, somebody convicted of a murder surely is not going to walk into a Federal gun dealer and try to buy a gun. Yes, they do it--time and time again.  Nobody said they were rocket scientists. They are people who were criminals and want to be criminals again. They may not be very bright, but they are smart enough to know they need another gun to pull off another crime.  We stop them with the Brady law. But the Brady law does not apply to gun shows. Gun shows across America are a loophole; they are exempt. You buy what you want at a gun show and nobody checks. Think about that. Even the least intelligent criminal will figure that out: Go to a gun show and get your gun. Do not go to a dealer. The dealer is going to check it out, find out if you have a criminal record.  So we said, in this gun safety law, let's do a background check at gun shows. Let's apply this same law we apply to gun dealers. That is not a radical idea. It is common sense.  Senator Kohl of Wisconsin had an amendment--part of this bill--that every handgun in America would be sold with a trigger lock, a child safety device.  It is interesting. We have many sportsmen and hunters in my family. They are strong in the belief that this is their right to own a gun; and I do not dispute it. But they are also strong in the belief that they never want their gun to harm anyone else, any innocent victim. They certainly do not want their gun to harm a child. Now they are turning around and buying trigger locks. I am glad they are.  Senator Kohl says, from now on, every handgun sold in America will have a trigger lock so that the parent who puts their gun up on the top shelf of the closet, thinking their little son or daughter will never find it--they may be wrong, but the child may be safe because with the trigger lock the child will not be able to fire the gun.  That is not a radical idea. That is part of gun safety. In fact, if there had been trigger locks in Jonesboro, AR, maybe these kids could not have taken the guns out in the woods, with an 11-year-old kid firing away at teachers and classmates.  No. I think, quite honestly, we all believe that if you are going to exercise any right to own a gun, you should exercise the responsibility to store it safely, securely, and away from children.  That is part of the bill sent to the House, a bill which still languishes. Senator Feinstein of California has a provision that says you don't need a huge ammo clip with literally hundreds of rounds of ammunition for any sport or any hunting. So as you cannot manufacture them in America, you should not be able to import them from overseas. That doesn't sound radical to me. I don't know many people who need a hundred rounds to go out and kill a deer. As I have said many times, if you need an assault weapon to kill a deer, maybe you ought to stick to fishing. But the fact is, Senator Feinstein's amendment was adopted as part of the bill.  We had an amendment by a Republican, Senator John Ashcroft of Missouri, that would limit who could buy semiautomatic assault weapons--certainly making sure that those under age of 18 cannot--and establishing an age of 21. We had an amendment by Senator Boxer to have the FTC andthe Attorney General investigate whether gun companies were trying to attract young buyers, underage buyers, with their advertising.  That is it. I have just described the entire gun safety bill. Did you hear anything that is patently unconstitutional, so radical and outlandish that we should not consider it in America? I don't think so. In that amendment, we have basic, commonsense efforts to make America safer. I am not so naive as to believe that we are going to end gun violence by passing this bill, but we think it will help. We certainly have an obligation to help. We passed that bill in the Senate, sent it over to the House, and the National Rifle Association tore it to pieces, passed a weak substitute, sent it to a conference committee where it has sat for 8 months, since Columbine High School. We have had all sorts of meetings on the floor of the Senate and in the House, all sorts of debates and committee meetings, all sorts of press conferences, and we have done absolutely nothing to make America safer when it comes to gun violence.  What do we have to show for it? Since Columbine High School, on May 20, 1999, in Conyers, GA, a 15-old-boy opened fire in a high school with a .357 caliber handgun and a rifle wounding six students.  On November 19, 1999, in Deming, NM, a 13-year-old girl was shot in the head at school and died the next day. A 12-year-old boy was arrested.  On December 6, 1999, at Fort Gibson, OK, a 13-year-old student fired at least 15 rounds in a middle school wounding four classmates. Asked why he did it, he said, ``I don't know.''  February 29, 2000, is one you won't forget. At Mount Morris Township, MI, a 6-year-old boy pulled a .32 caliber Davis Industry semiautomatic pistol out of his pocket, pointed it at a classmate, turned the gun on Kayla Rolland, a little 6-year-old girl, and fatally shot her in the neck.  That is America since Columbine. America, unfortunately, is very busy with gun violence but, sadly, the Congress is not busy with legislation to reduce and end gun violence. So today, Senator Daschle came to the floor with a suggestion, one which obviously did not set well with the Republican majority. Senator Daschle suggested that we pass a resolution--and I want to read the language--that it is the sense of the Senate that the organizers, sponsors, and participants of the Million Mom March should be commended for rallying to demand sensible gun safety legislation, and Congress should immediately pass the conference report to accompany H.R. 1501--the bill I described, the gun safety bill--that includes all the provisions that I described, and do so as soon as possible.  With those two suggestions, the Republican majority stopped the Senate for 5 straight hours. They would not have this Senate vote to commend the organizers and mothers who participated in the Million Mom March, and they did not want this Congress to go on the record to pass gun safety legislation for 5 hours. They tried every parliamentary trick they could to stop this, and then when they found we were determined to bring this to a vote, they finally relented at about 3 o'clock. They said: All right, you can debate it a couple hours tonight and a couple hours tomorrow. That is why we are here.  I salute Senator Boxer of California. As you can tell, many Members of the Senate had other things they wanted to do. But she and I and Senator Kennedy and so many others believe that after we have seen what those mothers went through to put together that march to come out and ask us to pass sensible legislation, we owed it to them to be here this evening and speak to it.  Let me talk about two or three issues that will come up in this debate. The National Rifle Association spent a substantial sum of money last week on television in preparation for the Million Mom March. They ran a lot of ads showing a member of their board of directors--a woman--who articulated their point of view, as well as their personal hero, Mr. Charlton Heston. They said during the course of these ads that what we need in America to reduce the killing of 12 or 13 children a day is more education. They use something called Eddie Eagle, which is like Joe Camel, for the NRA. It is a little symbol they use to try to attract children's attention with it. They say if we have more Eddie Eagle training in schools, we will have fewer gun deaths.  Well, this may surprise some, but I don't disagree with the NRA, to some extent. If they are suggesting we should teach children that guns are dangerous and they ought to stay away from them, I salute that and agree with that. In a nation of 200 million guns, we should do that. Members of my staff in Chicago and in Washington sit down with 4- and 5-year-old children and explain to them that guns are dangerous. You have to do it in America. Even if there is not a gun in your home, you don't know where your child may be playing or whether their classmate is going to find a gun. You should tell them that. It is a reality.  But if the National Rifle Association thinks education of children to reduce gun violence means teaching kids to shoot straight, that is where I part company with them. I don't think kids should be handling firearms. I think firearms should be in the hands of adults who understand the danger of a weapon. I go along with the National Rifle Association if they want to join us in educating children in school about the danger of firearms. That makes sense. Maybe we can find some common ground on that.  The second thing the NRA tells us is we have all the laws we need. All the States have laws, some of the cities have laws, and the Federal Government has all the laws it needs and, for goodness' sake, just enforce the law. This may surprise the NRA, but I don't disagree with that either. We should enforce the laws. In fact, we find that when it comes to the number of high-level firearm offenders, those sentenced to 5 or more years, Federal prosecution of those offenders has gone up 41 percent under this administration. The average sentence for firearm offenders in Federal court has increased by more than 2 years in that same period of time. Enforcement is taking place. Should there be more? Yes, and I will support that, too.  But let me tell you, there was an interesting vote on the floor. One of the Senators who opposed my motion on the floor is here this evening. When it came to enforcement, I asked those who are friends of the National Rifle Association to put their votes where their rhetoric happened to be. I asked them if they would join me in supporting President Clinton, who asked for 500 more agents at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms to investigate firearms dealers who were violating the law and to make sure that we kept an eye on the people who were selling the weapons, and a thousand more prosecutors and judges and others across America to prosecute the same gun laws. I offered the amendment on the floor, and one of the Senators, who is here and is a member of the board of directors--or was--of the NRA, amended it and said take out the part on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, the 500 additional agents, and then we will vote for it.  So that really calls into question their sincerity when they say they want more enforcement. It turns out a very small percentage of firearms dealers in America actually sell guns used in crimes. Most of them abide by the law. We want to stop the ones who violate the law. When I tried to put more agents at work to do that, I was stopped by a Republican Senator who says he believes in the second amendment but wants enforcement but he would not vote for 500 ATF agents for more enforcement.  