President, I rise today in support of a bill that will correct severe injustices affecting thousands of immigrants to the United States, while at the same time strengthening their ability to contribute to the U.S. economy and to the struggling economies of their countries of birth.  A short time ago on the floor of the Senate a unanimous consent request was made by Senators Kennedy and Harry Reid of Nevada asking that this legislation, the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act, be brought to the floor for immediate consideration. It is very difficult to argue that we are so consumed with work in the Chamber of the Senate that we can't consider this legislation. In fact, we have done precious little over the last several days because of an honest disagreement between the leadership on the Democrat and Republican side.  I do believe this legislation should be brought on a timely basis for the consideration of the Senate. The bill in question is the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act. It has the support of an impressively broad coalition of groups and individuals, labor unions, business groups, human rights groups, religious organizations, conservative and progressive think tanks. Empower America supports this bill as pro-family and pro-market. The AFL-CIO supports it because it is pro-labor.  The administration is committed to its passage. Perhaps the most compelling reason for passing this bill is that it embraces the principles of fairness and justice that are of value to the American spirit and to the work we do in the Senate.  I recall, when we discuss the issue of immigration, one of my favorite stories involving President Franklin Roosevelt. President Roosevelt, of course, came from a somewhat aristocratic family in New York and was elected President in 1932. As the first Democratic President in many years, he was invited to speak to the Daughters of the American Revolution in Washington, DC. Of course, the DAR is an organization which prides itself on its Yankee heritage and the fact many have descended from those who came over on the Mayflower. They have a history of being somewhat skeptical of immigration policy in this country. When Franklin Roosevelt spoke to the DAR, his opening words set the tone. He introduced himself by saying: Fellow immigrants, a reminder to the DAR, a reminder to all of us, with the exception of Native Americans, who have been here for many centuries, we are all virtually immigrants to this country.  I am a first generation American. My mother immigrated to this country at the age of 2 from the country of Lithuania in 1911. My father's family dates back to before the Revolutionary War, so I really represent both ends of the spectrum of white immigration to America. This bill tries to address the basic principles of immigration fairness and justice which we have tried to hold to during the course of this Nation's history. I bring particular attention to the Senate to the plight of immigrants from Central America and Haiti who have been dealt a severe injustice during the past 20 years, one that would be directly addressed by this legislation.  In the recent past, thousands of people from Central America and Haiti have been forced to flee their homes in order to save their lives and the lives of their families. In Guatemala, hundreds of so-called ``extra-judicial'' killings occurred every year between 1990 and 1995; entire villages ``disappeared'', most probably massacred. In El Salvador, political violence was rampant--63,000 people were killed in the 1980's by a combination of leftist guerrillas, right-wing death squads, and government military actions. Ironically, an end to twelve years of civil war did not mean an end to violent internal strife; the death toll in 1994 was higher than it was during the war. In Honduras, the Department of State's Human Rights Reports cite ``serious problems'', including extrajudicial killings, beatings, and a civilian and military elite that have long operated with impunity. In September 1991, Haiti's democratically-elected government was overthrown in a violent military coup de'etat that, over a three year period, was responsible for thousands of extra-judicial killings.  Current law creates a highly unworkable patchwork approach to the status of these immigrants, one that assaults our sense of fair play. Immigrants from Nicaragua and Cuba who have lived here since 1995 can obtain green card status in the U.S. through a sensible, straightforward process. Guatemalans and Salvadorans are covered by a different, more stringent and cumbersome set of procedures. A select group of Haitian immigrants are classified under another restrictive status. Hondurans by yet another. As if this helter-skelter approach isn't bad enough, existing policies also treat family members of immigrants--spouses and children--differently depending on where they live, and under which provision of which law they are covered.  The United States is known around the world as the land of equal opportunity, but the opportunities we are affording to Central American and Haitian immigrants who have lived in this country for years are anything but equal. The current situation is untenable. Why should a family that has set down firm roots in the United States after fleeing death squads in Nicaragua be treated differently under the lawthan another family from, say, El Salvador, who left that country for precisely the same reason. The point was made brutally clear when Amnesty International documented the case of Santana Chirino Amaya, deported back to El Salvador and subsequently found decapitated. This, and many similar stories, led to charges that the U.S. was engaged in a ``systematic practice'' of denying asylum to some nationals, regardless of the merits of their claims. A class-action lawsuit brought by the American Baptist Churches and other faith-based organizations on behalf of Salvadoran and Guatemalan immigrants made a similar case, and was eventually settled in favor of those seeking a fairer hearing.  Or consider the plight of Maria Orellana, a war refugee from El Salvador, who fled the country when soldiers killed two members of her family. She has lived the past ten years in the United States. Recently, the INS ordered her deported even though she is eight months pregnant and even though her husband--himself an immigrant--has legal status here and expects to soon be sworn in as a U.S. citizen. When a newspaper reporter asked the INS to comment on Maria's case, the reply was: ``I don't know why Congress wrote it differently for people of different countries. We're not in a position to change a law given to us by Congress . . . we just enforce the law as written.''  Well, the law, in this case, was written badly, and needs to be fixed. The Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act would resolve these many inequities by providing a level playing field on which all immigrants from this region with similar histories would be treated equally under the law. And it would address two other issues of great importance to the immigrant community as well.  The provision to restore Section 245(i) would restore a long-standing and sensible policy that was unfortunately allowed to lapse in 1997. Section 245(i) of the Immigration Act had allowed individuals that qualified for a green card to obtain their visa in the U.S. if they were already in the country. Without this common-sense provision, immigrants on the verge of gaining their green card must return to their home country to obtain their visa. However, the very act of making such an onerous trip can put their green-card standing in jeopardy, since other provisions of immigration law prohibit re-entry to the U.S. under certain circumstances. This has led to ludicrous situations, like the forced separation of married couples because one spouse must leave the country to obtain a visa, uncertain as to when they can be reunited. Restoring the Section 245(i) mechanism to obtain visas here in the U.S. is a good policy that will help keep families together and keep willing workers in the U.S. labor force.  Let me add, in my office in Chicago, IL, two-thirds of the casework we do relates to immigration. We understand the plight of these families on a personal basis. We meet them in our office, we meet their friends and relatives, we meet members of their churches who ask why the laws on immigration in America have to be so unfair and contradictory. That is why this bill is so important.  The Date of Registry provision is equally important. Undocumented immigrants seeking permanent residency must demonstrate that they have lived continuously in the U.S. since the date of registry cut-off. This amendment updates the date of registry from 1972--almost 30 years of continuous residency--1986. The Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act recognizes that many immigrants have been victimized by confusing and inconsistent INS policies in the past fifteen years--policies that have been overturned in numerous court decisions, but that have nonetheless prevented many immigrants from being granted permanent residency. Updating the date of registry to 1986 would bring long overdue justice to the affected populations.  It is worth reviewing the recent history of immigration policy to understand how we arrived at such a highly convoluted and piecemeal approach. Prior to the passage of the illegal Immigration Reform and Responsibility Act in 1996, aliens in the United States could apply for suspension of deportation and adjustment of status in order to obtain lawful permanent residence. Suspension of deportation was used to ameliorate the harsh consequences of deportation for aliens who had been present in the United States for long periods of time.  In September of 1996, Congress passed the Illegal Immigration Reform and Responsibility Act. This law retroactively made thousands of immigrants ineligible for suspension of deportation and left them with no alternate remedy. The 1996 Act eliminated suspension of deportation and established a new form of relief entitled cancellation of removal that required an applicant to accrue ten years of continuous residence as of date of the initial notice charging the applicant with being removable.  In 1997, Congress recognized that these new provisions had resulted in grave injustices to certain groups of people. So in November of 1997, the Nicaraguan Adjustment and Central American Relief Act INACARA) granted relief to certain citizens of former Soviet block countries and several Central American countries. This select group of immigrants were allowed to apply for permanent residence under the old, pre-IIRRA standards.  Such an alteration of IIRRA made sense. After all, the U.S. had allowed Central Americans to reside and work here for over a decade, during which time many of them established families, careers and community ties. The complex history of civil wars and political persecution in parts of Central America left thousands of people in limbo without a place to call home. Many victims of severe persecution came to the United States with very strong asylum cases, but unfortunately these individuals have waited so long for a hearing they will have difficulty proving their cases because they involve incidents which occurred as early as 1980. In addition, many victims of persecution never filed for asylum out of fear of denial, and consequently these people now face claims weakened by years of delay.  Correcting the inequities in current immigration policies is not only a matter of fundamental fairness, it is good, pragmatic public policy. The funds sent back by immigrants to their home countries sources of foreign exchange, and significant stabilizing factors in several national economies. The immigrant workforce is important to our national economy as well. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has frequently cited the threat to our economic well-being posed by an increasingly tight labor pool, and has gone so far as to suggest that immigration be uncapped. While these provisions will not remove or adjust any such caps, it will allow those already here to move freely in the labor market.  I come to the floor disappointed because the effort for unanimous consent to bring up the Latino and Immigrant Fairness Act was denied. This is an act which advances justice, keeps families together, and strengthens the national and international economy. It deserves unqualified support and rapid passage.  Not that many years ago, immigrants to this country faced an onslaught of criticism. There were propositions in the State of California, speeches made by politicians, charges made by groups that really caused a great deal of fear and concern among those who had immigrated to this country. It is a stark reminder that, as a nation of immigrants, we should continue to have a fair and consistent policy of immigration.  This country opened its doors to my mother, her family, to give her a chance to leave her land and come to live here. I often think about the courage involved when their family came together, her mother and three small children, to get on a boat in Germany to come to a country where they did not speak a word of the language.  But they heard they had a better opportunity here in America, as many millions before them and many millions since have heard the same thing. Should we not in this generation show we are compassionate conservatives, compassionate moderates, and compassionate liberals when it comes to immigration fairness? The way to show that, the way to prove it, is to bring to the floor this legislation as quickly as possible.  I hope on a bipartisan basis we can have Republicans and Democrats join in the enactment of this legislation.  I yield the floor.  