She has made a point, too, that I would like to follow up on. We have addressed this issue of the safety of American families, to make sure that we try to do everything that is reasonable to reduce gun violence.  There is also an issue of health not only related to gun violence but in a larger context. We have several measures that are pending on Capitol Hill that have been languishing for months: prescription drug benefits, which we support. We believe that under Medicare the elderly and the disabled should have a prescription drug benefit. To accomplish that, it is certainly going to involve bipartisan cooperation. But we have seen no leadership, none whatsoever, in this Congress.  What are they waiting for? We are now in the month of June. We are talking about resolving a lot of the major issues before our August recess for the conventions. In this short period of time, can we find the political will to address a prescription drug benefit?  Let me add another that has been languishing for months: the Patients' Bill of Rights, which basically says that each one of us, as individuals and members of a family, should be able to walk into a doctor's office and listen carefully to that medical professional, receive their diagnosis and their recommendation, and follow it and not be second-guessed by some insurance company.  I think that is so fundamental and so basic--that a woman who has an obstetrician following her pregnancy, who wants to stay with the person in whom she has confidence, will not lose that right because her company decides to change its health insurance carrier; that someone who wants to be involved in a clinical trial of a new experimental drug for cancer, for example, that might save their life, cannot be denied that opportunity by a health insurance company; that our access to emergency rooms will not be denied because of the decisions of health insurance company clerks.  We had a vote on the floor of the Senate. Overwhelmingly, the American people support what I have said. We lost the vote but not because we did not have support for our position. Three hundred organizations supported the Democratic position on the Patients' Bill of Rights, every major medical group in America. The nurses supported our position. The doctors supported our position. Hospitals supported our position. Yet we lost because one special interest group on the other side prevailed--the insurance companies. They are the ones that are making the profit out of these decisions that take quality care away from families, which exalt the bottom line of profits, and ignore basic health care needs.  This miserable bill that passed out of the Senate is headed over to the House of Representatives. I am happy to report to you that a substantial number of House Republicans said they were not going to scrape and bow to the insurance industry; that they would stand with American families and medical professionals so we have rights, a Patients' Bill of Rights for America.  They passed a good bill, the Dingell-Norwood bill. John Dingell of Michigan is legendary here on Capitol Hill. Congressman Charlie Norwood is relatively new but is a Republican who has had the courage to stand up and say: I think it is only right to say no to the insurance companies and yes to American families on a Patients' Bill of Rights.  Let me read to you what Congressman Norwood said a few days ago about the situation that has occurred where the Senate passed the insurance industry bill and the House passed one that will help American families; and nothing has happened since. This is what he said on May 25:       I'm here today to say time's up on the conference      committee. We've waited eight months for this committee to      approve a compromise bill. Senate Republicans--  This is a Congressman who is a Republican who is saying this about his colleagues in the Senate:       Senate Republicans have yet to even offer a compromise      liability proposal--they have only demanded that the House      Conferees abandon their position.  He goes on to say:       If we don't get a bill, or at least a tentative agreement      in writing by the week we come back from Memorial Day, we      must move past the conference.  Congressman Norwood said:       Starting today, I am working as if that will be the case. I      am willing to pass this measure through any means necessary.  I say congratulations to this Republican Congressman who is standing up to the Republican majority in the Senate, who is standing up to the insurance industry, who is standing with the Democrats and with American families. As on gun safety legislation, this health legislation, important to families across America, has been stalled and blockaded by the Senate Republican leadership. They do not want to even address the issues that families across America care about.  You step back and say: Why in the world do men and women run to be Members of this Senate if they are not willing to at least debate the major issues, if not pass legislation to help families? But time and time and time again, the Senate majority has blockaded, stopped, and stalled every effort to deal with issues of health and safety.  And those are not the only ones. As to an increase in the minimum wage, this is one of the most disgraceful things that has happened to Congress in the last 10 or 12 years. It used to be when it came time for an increase in the minimum wage--under President Reagan, for example, it was done with little fanfare and little debate. It was done on a bipartisan basis. We all believed that the men and women who got up and went to work every day in America for a basic minimum wage deserved an increase periodically to reflect the cost of living.  But the Republican-dominated Congress refuses to allow us to increase this minimum wage. And 350,000 people in my State of Illinois got up this morning and went to work for a minimum wage--$5.15 an hour--with virtually no benefit protection.  I agree with Senator Kennedy, Senator Daschle, and so many others, that we should increase this minimum wage as a matter of basic decency a dollar an hour--50 cents a year for 2 years--so people who are trying to keep their families together, trying to maintain their own standard of living, have a chance to do it with an increased minimum wage. Again, the Republican leadership in Congress refuses to let us bring up this issue of the minimum wage.  Time and time again--gun safety legislation, a prescription drug benefit under Medicare, a Patients' Bill of Rights to protect families when they have the most basic and fundamental concerns about their health, and a minimum wage--these issues have been stalled because the Republican leadership refuses to bring them up for a vote. They know the American people support it but there are special interest groups that oppose each and every one of them.  The National Rifle Association has told them: Put the bar on the door. We don't want any gun safety legislation. The insurance companies have toldthem: We don't want a Patients' Bill of Rights. We are making a lot of money under the current system. We don't want the doctors and the nurses to make medical decisions. We want businesspeople to make them based on profits. The pharmaceutical industry has told them they don't want a prescription drug benefit to help the elderly and the disabled pay for drugs they need to survive. When it comes to the minimum wage, some people in the business community have said: We don't want to pay anything more than $5.15 an hour. And we don't care what impact it has on the employees.  That is the state of play that reflects the values and reflects the choice the American people will have in this coming election as to whether they want to see the Republican majority continue in Congress and stop this basic legislation so important to every American family.  