President, for those who are following the Senate proceedings, they are probably aware of the fact that we are involved in something called a motion to proceed, which is basically an introduction or a leadup to a debate on an issue.  We are proceeding to an issue on the question of the estate tax. The estate tax has been around, I think, since President Theodore Roosevelt in the last century. It is a source of revenue for the Federal Government that is imposed on the estates of some people after they pass away.  It is the position of the Republican majority that when you come to reforming the Tax Code of America, the first and highest priority is to deal with the estate tax. The basis for that statement on my part is the fact that it is the first matter of any consequence in terms of its cost that is being brought to the floor of the Senate by the Republican leadership.  So they believe, looking at the Tax Code--that affects literally every American, every individual, every family, every business--and searching out an inequity in it, that the estate tax is the source of an inequity, an unfairness, and it should be the first thing that we address if we are going to reform the Tax Code.  That is an interesting observation because when you consider how many Americans are affected by the estate tax, it turns out that they are literally very few in number.  In 1997, the estates of fewer than 43,000 people in America had to pay any Federal estate tax. That is 43,000 people out of 2.3 million who passed away in that year. So less than 2 percent--1.9 percent--of the estates of those passing away in the year 1997 had any obligation to pay the Federal estate tax--43,000 people.  What the Republicans have suggested as a way to eliminate this estate tax is to take money out of our anticipated surplus in the budget to make sure that those 43,000 in the future will not have to pay any estate tax.  What does this cost us out of the surplus? In the first 10 years or so, the estimates are somewhere in the $100-$150 billion range. But in the next 10-year period of time, it grows dramatically, and the cost of this tax relief for literally 1.9 percent of the people who die in a given year is some $750 billion.  