There are lots of people trying to live while earning a minimum wage. It usually means multiple jobs. There are 350,000 in Illinois alone who get up and go to work for a minimum wage. They usually have a second job. One of my friends who works in the Watertower Place across the street from the hotel I stay in Chicago--she is a great friend of mine--is trying to take care of an aging mother. She has two jobs. She works in a parking garage as an attendant and then when she gets off that job she is a hostess in a restaurant. This lady works harder than most of us who think we are hard workers, and she is working for a little bit above the minimum wage.  What we see on this chart, I say to Senator Wellstone, is when we judge what the poverty line is in America, look what happened in about the year 1989. All of a sudden the minimum wage fell below the poverty line. Those of us who wanted to make sure people who get up and work hard every day get a decent paycheck and a chance to have a livable wage have asked to raise the minimum wage from $5.15 to $6.15 an hour over a 2-year period of time. I guarantee you will not live a life of luxury at $6.15 an hour, but you may be able to take care of some basic needs such as school uniforms for the kids, and shoes, maybe a decent place to live, a safer and cleaner place to live. Yet we cannot seem to get that issue before the Congress.  Republican leadership--in what has been a departure from the past where they said this is a bipartisan issue--has now said this is a partisan issue. Republicans oppose a minimum wage increase. The Democrats support it and the Republicans have stopped us.  I will give an example. If I'm not mistaken, Governor Bush from Texas, his position is States ought to be able to opt out of the minimum wage increase. That is what he would do. So you would have certain pockets in the United States which would not have a minimum wage increase. That is cold comfort for people who get up and go to work and try to keep things together for their family. But the Senator from Minnesota is correct. The minimum wage has been plummeting in its buying power. Congress has the authority to take care of that issue. Congress has refused.  Instead of dealing with a minimum wage and giving people basically $1 an hour increase, which comes out to about $2,000 a year if my math is correct, here we decide to give $2,000 a month in tax breaks to people making over $300,000 a year. We cannot give $2,000 a year to people who work hard every single day, but we can give folks making over $300,000 a year under the Republican tax break plan, a $23,000-a-year tax cut--almost $2,000 a month. Those are the priorities. Those are the differences.  I think we try our best to feel the pain of working families. The Republicans feel the pain of the wealthy, the pain they must go through every day trying to decide what to do with another $2,000 when they have a paycheck coming in of $25,000 a month. What anguish, what pain, what frustration it must be to try to figure out another mutual fund or another vacation place.  How about the families worried about having a few bucks in the bank and paying for their kids' education?  