President, questions have been raised by Senator Fitzgerald about the bidding processes under Governors in the State of Illinois. For the record, there has not been a Democratic Governor in the State of Illinois for 24 years. So if he is suggesting that there have been irregularities under Governors, it is likely that they have not been of my political party. I can tell you without exception that I have never involved myself in any bidding process in Springfield by the State government. I have considered my responsibilities to be here inWashington and not in the State capital. Frankly, the people who bid on contracts and whether they are successful is another part of the world in which I have not engaged myself. I am not standing here in defense of any of these bidding processes, or making excuses for any of these processes. If there was any wrongdoing, then let those in appropriate positions investigate that and come to conclusions. Whether there was any reason for any kind of prosecution or investigation, that is not in my province nor my responsibility.  I hope at the end of this debate we can remove any cloud on this project. This project should go forward. The Illinois congressional delegation supports this project. Let us demand it be open and honest, and then let us support it enthusiastically. Frankly, I think we all have an obligation to taxpayers--Federal, State, and local alike--to meet that goal.  I close with one comment because I want to be completely open and honest on the record. My colleague, Senator Fitzgerald, during the course of the debate has mentioned the Cellini family of Springfield. The Cellini family is well known. My wife and I have known Bill and Julie Cellini for over 30 years. We are on opposite sides of the political fence. He is a loyal Republican; I am a loyal Democrat. Seldom have we ever come together, except to stand on the sidelines while our kids played soccer together or joined in community projects. They are friends of ours. I have taken the floor of the Senate to note that Julie Cellini is an author in our town who has done some wonderful profiles of people who live in Springfield.  I make it part of this record today, when I came up with the original concept of this Lincoln center, there were three people who came forward and said they were excited about it and wanted to work with me on it. This goes back 10 years now. They included Susan Mogerman, who works with the Illinois State Historical Library, as well as Nikki Stratton, a woman involved in Springfield tourism, and Julie Cellini. These three women have worked tirelessly for 10 years on this project. I never once believed that any of them would be involved in this because they thought there was money at the end of the rainbow. I think they genuinely believe in this idea and they believe it is good for Springfield and good for the State of Illinois.  I can't speak to any other dealings by that family or any other family, but I can say every contact I have had with those three women and their families about this project has been entirely honorable, entirely above board, and in the best interests of civic involvement for an extremely important project, not only to our city of Springfield but to the State of Illinois and to the Nation.  I hope when this is all said and done, this delegation can come together, closely monitor the bidding process, do everything in our power to help make this center a reality, and at the end of the day I hope we will be alive and be there at the opening of this great center.  I was honored a few months ago by our Democratic leader, Tom Daschle, to secure a spot as a member of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission. I can think of few higher honors than to work and celebrate the life and accomplishments of one of the world's greatest leaders. The actual bicentennial will not be fully celebrated until 2009. This legislation is a great first step in a celebration of the life and accomplishments of a great President.  