 Mr. President, I rise today in support of Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China. Today the United States Senate will vote to grant PNTR to China and its 1.2 billion people. We will decide whether or not to allow American farmers, manufacturers, businessmen and women to trade their products, their ideas, their goods with one-fifth of the world's population.  Last November, after more than a decade of negotiations, the Clinton Administration signed a bilateral agreement that will drastically reduce barriers on American products and services going to China. The agreement is clearly in the best interests of our nation's farmers, manufacturers, and workers. Supporting China's entry into the WTO is clearly in the best interests of our economy, national security and foreign policy.  Trade is the future. Make no mistake about it: trade can open up the exchange of ideas--ideas like democracy, freedom of speech, freedom to worship, and freedom of association. China stands on the brink of becoming the most important trading partner the U.S. has ever seen and the U.S. Senate will go on record in support of this important step in international trade and foreign policy.  When China concludes similar agreements with other countries, it will join the WTO. For us to benefit though, we must grant China PNTR status--the same status we have given other countries in the WTO. And, Mr. President, that's what this debate is about. Do we give China the same status as the other countries already in the WTO? Do we put them in an environment wherethey will have to follow the rules and be held accountable if they break them?  Many of my colleagues have come to the floor of the United States Senate over the last several weeks to offer amendments to this legislation. They've all been defeated, with my help, despite the fact that I agree with the intention of almost everyone of them. I voted against every amendment offered because I know and the American people watching this debate know that amending H.R. 4444, at this point in the process is a death knell.  We defeated goodfaith amendments like Senator Thompson's non-proliferation amendment, Senator Wellstone's religious freedom and right to organize amendments, and Senator Helms' amendment regarding forced abortions. I agree with the intent of my colleagues. China should not engage in the proliferation of nuclear technology. China should not prevent workers from organizing. China should not force women to adhere to any type of ``one family, one child'' policy.  But, the bill we're debating is a trade bill. And if it's changed in any way, shape, or form, it will go back to the House of Representatives and die.  My friend in the House of Representatives, Rep. Sander Levin, successfully added language to the House-passed legislation that, I believe, holds China accountable. The Levin/Bereuter language establishes a formal Congressional-Executive Commission on China to institutionalize mechanisms for maintaining pressure on China to improve its human rights record, increase compliance with basic labor standards, and abide by current and future commitments. This commission would review and report on China's progress in these areas and make recommendations to the Administration and Congress. My friends who offered amendments regarding human rights on the floor of the Senate will be able in the future to review China's record in this important area.  The Levin proposal would also push for more transparency at the WTO, including urging prompt public release of all litigation-related documents and the opening of secret meetings of the dispute settlement panels. The United States pays dues to the WTO and we have a right to know what goes on in those meetings. I've heard over and over again about the secrecy of the WTO. It's time for the WTO to shed some light on what really happens in these meetings that affect real American workers, so that workers will be able to see that we can rely on their rules-based trading system for relief when and if it's needed.  The Levin-Bereuter proposal empowers the Congress by seeking special congressional review of U.S. participation in the WTO two years after China's accession, to assess China's implementation of WTO commitments. We'll have the power to see just how well China is abiding by its commitments.  And finally, the legislation expresses congressional support for Taiwan's accession to the WTO immediately after China's accession. While the Chinese aren't happy about this provision, I believe that it's important to allow Taiwan the same trading rights as mainland China.  America began as an agrarian nation, then transformed itself into an industrial power, and now over 200 years later, we're the leading economy in the world due, in part, to our ability to recognize that competition can force a country or a company to excel or fail. America has never feared competition.  And it's a reality that global competition is here and it's here to stay. Opponents argue that we must stop globalization, that we must punish the Chinese for all their human rights abuses, for prison labor abuses, for Tiananmen Square. Every year, we vote on whether or not to grant NTR status to China. Throughout my time in the House and Senate, I've voted both for and against NTR. Every year, we take a look at how China treats its citizens, wondering whether or not our annual review of their trade status would change their behavior.  Many say that the Congress shouldn't give up that right to annual review--that if we annually examine how the Chinese treat their people, and based upon that, deny or give them preferred trading status, somehow they will clean up their act and guarantee every Chinese citizen basic human rights. It's time we changed our approach. It's time to bring democracy to China via the Internet, via U.S./Chinese commerce relationships, via other U.S. products. It's time to bring social progress to China, not with messages from Congress but messages from across America, from businesses, labor traders, educators with new access to a society too often closed to diverse opinion.  President Clinton noted recently that ``In the new century, liberty will spread by cell phone and cable modem.'' Take a look at America with access to the Internet and now think back to the days when access to world knowledge was only through the printed media. America is a different nation because of this progress and China has the potential to change too.  Think for a moment about what would happen if we denied PNTR to China. I believe that if we sent that signal to the Chinese people, the walls of isolation would be strengthened. The hardline Communists would be emboldened more so than before. If we vote against PNTR, Beijing won't free a single prisoner. They will turn inward and the limited freedoms the Chinese people currently enjoy could well disappear.  And this argument ignores our experience with the Soviet Union during the height of the Cold War. We spent trillions of dollars to oppose a regime that was rife with human rights abuses, yet we still sold them, in the words of the late Hubert Humphrey, ``just about anything they could not shoot at us.''  China will enter the WTO, with or without our support. The questions is: will America benefit from it or will the Chinese buy products and services from the Europeans or the Canadians or the Mexicans? To me, it's a clear choice: Americans will benefit from free and fair trade with China. And China will change for the better as it opens its doors to the world.  What about Illinoisans? How will farmers from Peoria and Cairo benefit from this action? How will major Illinois-based U.S. corporations like Motorola and Caterpillar and Bank of America and the thousands of Americans they employ benefit from this agreement?  The average tariff for agriculture products will be 17.5 percent and, for U.S. priority products, 14 percent, down from 31 percent. Farmers in downstate Illinois, will benefit from this; there's no doubt about it. At present, China severely restricts trading rights and the ability to own and operate distribution networks. For the first time, Illinois exporters will have the right to distribute products without going through a State Owned Enterprise. Illinois is already a significant exporter of farm and industrial goods. In 1999, Illinois exported $9.3 billion worth of industrial/agriculture machinery. We shipped just over $6 billion in electric equipment as well. Illinois farmers exported roughly $3 billion in commodities to other countries. Illinois exports in 1999 totaled over $33 billion. Of that, $850 million was sold to China.  Companies like Motorola (with over 25,000 employees in Illinois) which pays tariffs of 20 percent on pagers and 12 percent for phones, will see those tariffs slashed. The Illinois soybean farmer will see the tariff-rate quotas completely eliminated.  Banks will be able to conduct business in China within the first two years of accession. They will have the same rights as Chinese banks. Geographic and customer restrictions will be lifted in five years, thereby allowing them to open a branch anywhere in China, just like they can here. U.S. automakers, like the Chrysler plant in Belvedere, Illinois, will see tariffs on their products slashed from 100 percent to 25 percent.  Pike County, Illinois pork producers will be able, for the first time, to export pork to China. Under the current scheme, China's import barriers have effectively denied access to American pork products. We're talking tariffs in the range of 20 percent that will drop to 12 percent by 2004.  What about Illinois steelworkers, still reeling from the 1998 steel crisis? China will reduce its tariffs on steel and steel products from the current average of 10.3 percent to 6 percent. They've agreed that any entity, like Acme Steel with facilities in Riverdale and Chicago or Northwestern Wire andRod in Sterling, will be able to export into any part of China, phased in over 3 years.  Peoria-based Caterpillar, with almost 30,000 Illinois employees, has recently invested in several new facilities in China. They've also recently announced the sale of 18 new trucks to the Shanghai Coal Company, trucks that will be made in Decatur, Illinois, and shipped halfway around the world. This is the type of investment by Caterpillar that maintains local jobs throughout towns and cities across Illinois.  Of course, many of these are big corporations. What about small businesses? How will they benefit from this agreement?  In 1997, 82 percent of all U.S. exporters were small businesses, generating over 35 percent of total merchandise exported to the East. Paperwork burdens for America's small businesses will be reduced drastically as customs and licensing procedures will be simplified. America's small businesses don't export jobs to China. They export ideas and products to a people who need and want their products and services.  No one expects this trade agreement and our future relationship with China to be easy. Already, Beijing officials have begun backtracking on several of their commitments made last November. I understand that at the most recent session of the WTO Working Party on China's accession, China objected to having its implementation of trade obligations reviewed every other year. A Chinese proposal dated July 14th strikes language in the protocol referring to bi-annual reviews and replaces it with language providing for reviews every four years. Their rationale is that they're a ``developing'' country.  This is absolutely unacceptable. The fact is, China is not a typically developing country and it shouldn't be allowed to cloak itself in that status. It's a uniquely large country and economy, where the essential elements of a market economy are taking root. Four years is far too long a time between reviews of China's implementation. If this proposal were adopted, it would make WTO dispute settlement the only formal channel by which we could ensure China's fulfillment of its trade obligations. Just one example: if China automatically received developing country status, it would receive special treatment like allowable export subsidies that wouldn't be treated as subsidies. If the Chinese flooded the U.S. market with steel (as is the case now), the U.S. steel industry wouldn't be able to use U.S. countervailing duty trade laws because that law doesn't apply to subsidization for developing countries. There are other areas where the Chinese would like to backpedal. But, Mr. President, we must hold them to the November agreement and discourage future backtracking of that agreement by Chinese trade officials. Any unwillingness by the Chinese to abide by this agreement at this point should be roundly condemned by this Administration and other foreign nations, who just might find the Chinese backtracking with them as well.  Trade with foreign countries means nothing if it's not carried out under a rules-based system. Trade commitments require full enforcement to have meaning. With China's WTO membership, we will gain a number of advantages in enforcement we do not currently enjoy.  First, there is the WTO dispute mechanism itself. Remember that China has never agreed to subject its decisions to impartial review, judgment, and possible sanctions if necessary. That will now happen.  Second, we will continue to have the right to use the full range of American trade laws, including Section 301 and our Anti-dumping/Countervailing Duty laws. It's important, though, to have an administration that will use these trade laws effectively. It's my hope that the next President will not hesitate to bring cases against China and other countries if they break our trade laws.  And finally, we strengthen our enforcement capabilities through the multilateral nature of the WTO. In effect, China will be subject to enforcement by all 135 WTO member nations, thus limiting their ability to play its trading partners against one another. The U.S. won't be alone if China breaks the rules.  Opponents of PNTR argue that it's NAFTA all over again. You'll remember Ross Perot's soundbite: ``That great sucking sound.'' You'll remember that some said the American economy would go down the tubes, that hundreds of thousands of American workers would lose their jobs to cheap labor in Mexico if NAFTA were enacted.  Here's Illinois' story. Gross jobs added in export industries from 1993-1998 totaled over 60,000. Net jobs totaled almost 40,000. There was no great sucking sound. US unemployment is still low. There are more people employed in Illinois right now than at any time in its history. The Illinois Department of Commerce estimates that nearly half a million jobs are supported by exports and that there's been a 51.6 percent increase in Illinois jobs sustained by exports since enactment of NAFTA.  Yes, some folks have lost their jobs due to trade. The Department of Labor certified 50 Trade Adjustment Assistance cases in Illinois from 1994-1999, totaling 5,718 jobs lost. Frankly, losing 5,718 jobs is still too many. When workers lose their jobs, we should do more than just provide TAA. We should find ways to train our workers in emerging fields and industries so they get new jobs that are at least as good as the ones they lost. That's the responsibility of the American business community, educators, and federal, state, and local governments. This is the best opportunity we've had in years to export American ideals and products. We should also ensure we don't export American jobs.  Worker re-training is one of the most important debates that this Congress should focus on. Today, we voted on a cloture motion on H1B visas. I have almost 6,000 Illinoisans who've lost their jobs due to trade, yet we have to import workers from foreign countries because we have industries begging for skilled workers to show up for that 9-5 job. Yet, our way of solving the skills shortage in the U.S. seems to be through the importation of highly-skilled foreign workers--a Band-Aid approach that doesn't solve the underlying problem. America, as a nation that gains from trade, has an obligation to use a portion of those gains to support and re-train those who've been ill-affected. We must do more to help American workers train for and get jobs that will move them up the economic ladder.  In 1998, we passed the Workforce Investment Act. One important component of the WIA is the funding stream for dislocated workers. Grants to states and local communities provide core, intensive training and support services to laid off workers. Under President Clinton, dislocated worker funding has tripled from $517 million in 1993 to $1.589 billion for FY2000. This is an important program, like Trade Adjustment Assistance, that helps American families deal with an economy that's transforming itself as ours is today.  But is it enough? Is it enough to train workers after they lose their jobs or do we need to start before it's too late? With public/private partnerships, we can train America's workforce for the jobs of the 21st Century, the hi-tech jobs, the nursing jobs, the educator jobs. It's our responsibility to encourage companies like Caterpillar and Motorola and Cargill and others to let local, state, and federal officials know what types of workers they must have to meet their needs for the future. We should encourage more Americans to pursue higher education and skills training. I'm working for measures like college tuition tax incentives that would provide tax deductions or credits for America's working families to give their children the opportunity to prepare for the jobs of this new economy. We also need assistance to help workers with skills training and lifelong learning.  Some would argue as Lenin did that a capitalist will sell you the rope you will use to hang him, but I think such trade serves a greater purpose than profit. Information technology, now a key element in the future of business, also is a key element in undermining government control of thought and appetite. If you can flood a nation with modems people use to learn and trade, no government can bridle the expansion of thought and diversity that will follow.  Chinese leaders, recognizing the transformative nature of the free flowof ideas, have tried recently to clamp down on Internet usage by its citizens. This will never work as the authorities in Beijing will learn. China must either give up its desire to build a modern, high-tech economy or allow the free exchange of information that a modern economy requires. I accept the American premise that if you give people a little freedom and enough information, the desire for freedom, democracy and the chance to work hard and succeed will prevail.  You can station Chinese tanks on Tiananmen Square on a full-time basis, but if you let the open exchange of ideas and business transactions flow through those glowing modems, China will change for the better.  Let's grant PNTR to China and begin a new chapter in the book of U.S.-China relations. Bringing down trade barriers; Opening up new markets; Giving American workers a chance to compete; And giving America's customers a chance to enjoy the best our country can produce: It's a formula for success. It's a challenge America has never shirked.  Our workers, our farmers and businesses are counting on us to trust their ability to rise to the challenge in this new century. We cannot fail them.  Mr. President, I listened carefully to the debate and statement made by my colleague, Senator Wellstone, as well as Senator Hollings of South Carolina. These two Senators and many others have spoken from the heart during the course of this debate. The Senate of the United States and the Nation are well served by the element they bring to this debate, their deep-felt convictions, feelings, and values that have been exhibited not only in their floor statements but in the amendments they have offered over the last several weeks.  Though I may disagree in my conclusion on this treaty, I can tell you I have the greatest respect and admiration for their leadership and for standing up on these issues of human rights.  I would like to put this in perspective. If we believe the vote we take this afternoon will give China some new benefit, then one could argue that we should ask for something in return. One could argue that if we are going to give China something, we should ask them to make changes in China in their human rights policy, which is reprehensible--the way they treat the press, the way they treat religions in that country, their forced family planning policies, the coercive attitude they have towards families and their future in China, the terrible things which we have heard about, proliferation--all of these should be on the table and part of the agenda as we negotiate, if the agreement we are voting on is, in fact, a benefit given to China. But let me suggest to you it is not. We are receiving the benefit from this agreement. Let me explain.  The World Trade Organization is a group of over 130 nations which have come together and said we are going to do away with the old school of thinking where every country would put up tariffs and barriers to trade with other countries. We are going to try a new approach. We are going to try to drop those tariffs and barriers and see what free trade will do. Let each country make a product and a service the best and sell it around the world. That is what the World Trade Organization is about. Over 130 nations have agreed that those are the rules by which we will play.  Today in the Senate this will be a historic vote to decide whether or not we bring China into the World Trade Organization and compete with U.S. trade policy--in other words, the relationship between the United States and China. China, in order to be part of this World Trade Organization, has said they will agree to drop our tariffs and barriers substantially so that American companies and farmers and others can export to China. In other words, this is a win-win situation for America's economy. It is China that is making all the decisions to drop the tariffs and drop the barriers and give us a chance to compete--give us a chance to sell to 1.2 billion people; give us a chance to sell to one-fifth of the world's population. We win; they drop the barriers; America gets a chance to sell overseas. That is what is at stake here.  If this benefit comes to the U.S. economy to be able to finally get into this market and compete, then it is kind of hard to argue that we ought to be holding off and conditioning this benefit on all sorts of changes in China.  I have seen the amendments that have been offered by many of my colleagues on the floor over the last several weeks. Many of these are good faith amendments. Many of these I agree with totally in principle. I voted against every single one of them. How can that be? Because, frankly, they don't belong on this bill. This is a trade bill. Let us address the issues of human rights, workers, environmental concerns, and proliferation by China through a variety of other approaches. But to use this trade bill is a mistake.  This trade bill gives us a chance to say to workers across America that we are going to give them a new market; we are going to give them a new chance. If my colleagues believe as I do that globalization and global competition really are the future of this country, we in America need markets in which to sell. That is what this is about.  I have a lot of confidence that American workers and businesses and farmers, given a chance to compete by fair rules, can succeed. If you believe that, you have to vote for this bill; you have to open this market. You have to give us a chance to sell in what is one of the largest markets in the world. That is what it comes down to.  There is also a provision that was added to the House bill which I support completely. It is known as the Levin/Bereuter amendment. It is a bipartisan amendment by Sandy Levin, a Democrat of Michigan, and Doug Bereuter, Republican of Nebraska. They come together and say China has to play by the rules. And we will watch them carefully with an executive commission to make sure they are not only playing by the trade rules but treating their people fairly.  I think that is the right way to proceed. I think it covers many of the issues raised during the course of this debate. But, frankly, we cannot hold up the expansion of trade opportunities waiting for China to become a democratic nation. In fact, I think expanding trade in exchange will lead China into democracy, into freedom, closer to what we value as principles in this country. Why do I believe that? I saw Tiananmen Square on television. I saw these tanks that were mowing down common citizens standing up for freedom. It was reprehensible. It was disgusting. But we saw it on television. There was a time not that long ago we would have never seen it. We would have heard about it months later. The world is opening up. We are seeing things in real time from around the world, in China and other nations, and as a result the court of world judgment says it is wrong and you have to change it, and the pressure starts building.  Think about expanded economic exchange with China, expanded trade, more foreign visitors, American businesses, American farmers, and educators going into China, becoming part of their economy. Think about this information technology as the Internet opens up China to new thinking and ideas around the world.  Do you know what we believe in this country? We believe if people are given the opportunity to hear diverse opinions, if they are given the opportunity to see what the rest of the world looks like, they will move closer to our model, closer to democracy, closer to freedom, closer to open markets. I believe that, too. I do not believe the Chinese leadership, even their hidebound old thinking, can turn that tide. This bill opens those markets, opens this exchange of ideas and goods, and gives us a chance to not only provide for workers and farmers and businesses in America the chance to succeed in a new market but a chance to change China for the better.  I yield the floor.  