President, I have worked in and around legislatures in the Congress for most of my life, over 30 years. I understand what being in the minority means. That means we usually lose. That is part of the business.  I also believed when I was elected to the Senate that I had an obligation beyond my obligation to the people of the State of Illinois, an obligation to this institution. This institution represents something special in the history of this Nation. Only about 1,840 men and women have had the honor to serve in the Senate. I think we all feel an obligation to our Nation, to our Constitution but, equally, we feel an obligation to the Senate.  I have stood by for the last 4 years and watched consistently while the Republican majority has reduced the opportunity for Members of the Senate to express their point of view, reduced the opportunity to deliberate the great issues, reduced the opportunity for people to stand up and speak from the heart on the floor of the Senate. I don't believe that is consistent with the history or tradition of the Senate.  What we saw happen today I hope will be noted by the press and historians. Bringing up the controversial gun issue, the Republican leadership in the Senate decided to close down for the first time in 16 years the opportunity of any Senator, Democrat or Republican, to offer a sense-of-the-Senate resolution to an appropriations bill. They have limited, once again, the opportunity for Senators of both parties to debate. I don't believe that is in the best interest of the Senate nor is it in the best interest of the country.  It is clear evidence that this issue of gun safety, an issue which touches the hearts of so many families across America, is one that must be debated and resolved on the floor of the Senate. Instead, every obstacle possible is thrown in our path.  What we are asking for is simply this: Bring the conference report out; let Members vote on it. If we pass it, send it to the President; if we don't, take it to the people in an election. That is what this business is about.  Senator Kennedy, who has served for over 30 years in this body, has one of the most important pieces of legislation in his control on the Democratic side, our education bill. He is asking for a chance to debate some important amendments, some controversial amendments, bring it forward and pass it, as every Congress has done, decade after decade. And he is stopped, week after week, by the Republican majority which refuses to consider amendments they find unpopular.  I understand as a Member of the Senate I will have to vote for and against unpopular issues. That is the nature of this job. I understand, as well, that we are sent here to deliberate these issues.  I close, saying I am sorry that the majority leader felt some of the comments made earlier were personal in nature. They were not. Though I disagree with him on so many issues, I do respect him. I hope he will pause and reflect on the future of this institution and believe that beyond the issue of gun control, we all have an obligation on both sides of the aisle to preserve the history and tradition of the Senate.  