 We are also talking about increasing the earned-income tax credit under the President's budget. What is that all about? If you are a working person in a low-income situation with a family, we want to give you a helping hand. We want to reward work. We want to strengthen families. That is what the earned-income tax credit is about.  Let me mention two or three other points, and then I will yield the floor to my colleague from Washington, who is also here to speak on the President's budget.  The benefits of fiscal discipline for our economy have been enormous. This budget continues the idea of fiscal discipline leading to a stronger economy with targeted investments and the things Americans hold dear--targeted tax cuts to help families in difficult circumstances.  Interest rates are lower than they would have been otherwise because we have reduced the debt of this Nation, helping to fuel 7 consecutive years of double-digit investment growth for the first time in our Nation's history.  When I first came to Congress under President Reagan in 1982 and 1983, virtually every problem in America was blamed on Jimmy Carter. It was said that the Carter administration had left such a terrible legacy that America was just deep in the mire and would never be able to get out. I thought that was a reasonable thing to say for a while. But the Republicans continued to say it year after year. Pretty soon we were 5 or 6 years into the Reagan administration, and they were still blaming Jimmy Carter. I wonder what the Republican Party will say now about the record under the Clinton administration.  This President can't take credit, nor does he try, for all of the economic goodness in this country. But certainly his leadership has provided a role, with the Congress, with the Federal Reserve, and brought us to this position in our history.  We have seen this dramatic increase in our Nation's economic growth of a 4.7 annual growth rate from 1981 to 1992, and now a 12.1 percent real annual increase in investment in business equipment and software since 1993. Unemployment is the lowest in a generation--4.0 percent. We are also seeing the longest economic expansion in our Nation's history.  The bottom line is this. We believe the President's budget--the one he comes forward with now, this positive message of continued economic growth--says keep the fiscal discipline for a strong economy and make strategic investments, not in big government but smart government.  Take a look at the President's budget over a 10-year period of time. You will find that he is slightly below the funding for current services. That means, if you apply the rate of inflation for every single year to last year's budget, just keeping up with inflation at the end of 10 years, the President's proposal for defense and nondefense spending is less than the increase for the rate of inflation. He is asking for not big government but smart government investments in education, health care--things families hold dear--and attractive, targeted tax cuts that American families applaud from Illinois and across the Nation.  