President, I thank the Senator from Indiana for his leadership. I fully support his amendment.  For those who are trying to understand what is happening on the floor of the Senate, allow me to give a summary of the game to this point.  The Republican leadership has come forward with a basic proposal to eliminate the estate tax. They have suggested that we should take $850 billion over the next 20 years and dedicate it to eliminating the tax liability for 44,000 of the wealthiest Americans in our Nation. They believe that is our highest priority. When they look at our Tax Code, the Republicans have concluded the greatest inequity in America's taxes is the tax paid by less than 2 percent of our population.  They have decided that the most deserving group for tax relief in America today are 44,000 of the wealthiest people in our Nation. That is their decision. That is their priority. They have made it clear with every single vote.  We have come forward and said we can reform the estate tax so that virtually two-thirds of those currently paying will not have any liability and still have money left to do important things.  We said to the Republican side of the aisle: Will you join us in allowing families to deduct college education expenses for their kids as part of it?  No, they said, we are not interested.  Will you join us in a prescription drug benefit for seniors as part of the relief that we are going to offer in this?  No, they are not interested.  Will you join us in child care relief so that families can afford to have safe and quality child care?  No, they are not interested. Their only interest is in protecting the 44,000 wealthiest people in this country.  What Senator Bayh is offering in this amendment is a long-term care tax assistance package which every family with an aging parent can understand, which every family that faces that responsibility will clearly understand. This is family oriented. It will affect literally millions.  My portion of this amendment will affect 13 percent of the workforce. It will allow the self-employed businesses across America--those are farmers and small businesses, by and large --to deduct immediately next year their health insurance premiums paid for their employees instead of waiting an additional 2 years.  Right now, the big corporations deduct all the expenses for the health insurance of their employees. Self-employed people cannot. When you ask small businesses across America: What is your highest priority? it is not the elimination of the estate tax. The highest priority is the cost of health insurance. And the second highest, I noticed this morning, happens to be education and finding skilled and trained workers.  So this amendment addresses not only an inequity in the Tax Code that affects literally millions in America--21 million self-employed people--but it is also going to provide for those truly deserving, so they can afford health insurance.  