President. I thank the Senator for yielding. I stand in complete support of his amendment, an amendment very similar to the one offered by my colleague, the Senator from California, in the Budget Committee.  It should be kept in context that this budget resolution, without the Roth amendment, assumes $1.2 billion in royalties from the sale of oil from drilling in the Arctic Wildlife National Refuge.  I want to say to Members of the Senate that the reason we are debating this is because the price of gasoline is increasing in the United States. People are more sensitized to the cost of fuel and energy and the impact it has on businesses, families, and individuals.  Those who have been salivating for decades for an opportunity to drill in this wildlife refuge in Alaska have jumped at the chance to assume that we are so consumed by the increase in energy prices that we will cast aside any concern for the environment and the legacy which we should leave to future generations.  Senator Roth is right. We should not be drilling in ANWR. We have to consider the fact that on the North Slope, 95 percent is already open to exploration. The 5 percent on the Coastal Plain that we have set aside is to protect what we have identified as a legitimate, important wildlife refuge.  Oil companies and their supporters can't wait to drill in that wildlife refuge. I think it is wrong. I think Senator Roth is right, as Senator Boxer was in committee.  We should say unequivocally in a bipartisan fashion on the floor of the Senate that we need an energy policy, but we do not need to walk in and desecrate a wildlife refuge designed to be preserved for future generations.  This last Saturday in Belleville, IL, I paid $1.39 a gallon for regular gasoline. I then drove 100 miles to Springfield, IL, and paid $1.49. Yes, prices have increased. Yes, I am sure for families of limited means and some businesses there is sacrifice attached to it. But we shouldn't use this as a catalyst or a reason to run headlong into this effort to desecrate this important environmental refuge.  We need to face the reality that America needs an energy policy, and we shouldn't wait for a gasoline price crisis to drive us to the point to develop one. Such an energy policy is going to include a lot of things, such as looking for responsible areas for oil exploration and development; also, of course, energy efficiency not only in our automobiles but in virtually everything that we use involving energy. Of course, it will lessen our dependence on foreign oil sources. We need to look for alternative fuels.  This is an important, complicated but a necessary national debate.  This quick fix of drilling in ANWR in the belief that it is going to bring down gasoline prices is wrong on two counts.  First, it is not likely to bring them down, if at all, until years from now.  Second, it really avoids the obvious responsibility we have to preserve this important refuge.  Senator Roth is offering an amendment which is consistent with a member of his party who served in the United States as President many years ago by the name of Theodore Roosevelt, who said in his efforts to preserve the environment:       We must ask ourselves if we are leaving for future      generations an environment that is as good or better than      what we found.  Senator Roth's amendment says this Senate will go on record leaving a legacy for future generations in the name and in the memory of Theodore Roosevelt, ``as good or better than what we found,'' that we will not allow this exploitation and exploration of this valuable and fragile natural resource.  I stand in complete support of this amendment.  I yield the remainder of my time.  