President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by the Senator from Maryland.  First, I thank Senator Bennett of Utah and Senator Feinstein of California, the chairman and ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch. They have important responsibilities. They have met the responsibility and have done it very well in a very difficult time. I commend both of them for their hard work in preparing this important legislation.  I also commend my colleague from the State of Maryland, Senator Mikulski. Because of the proximity of Maryland to the District of Columbia, Senator Mikulski has said that she oftentimes feels that she is the Senator for so many people who work on Capitol Hill who come to her with their concerns. I know that is a burden for her to carry, but it is one that she carries with grace.  The offering today of this sense-of-the-Senate amendment is so typical of her dedication and loyalty to the men and women who serve us here in the Capitol.  This Capitol Building is one of the most recognizable buildings in the world. People literally come from across the United States and from around the world to see this magnificent dome.  You can never forget the first time you see it. I can still remember, I guess almost 38 years ago, when I first saw it in person. It made such an impact on me as a student. Little did I realize that I might someday serve in this building. But so many millions of people come to this site on this great hill to see this building, to walk through its Halls, and to witness the history that is here portrayed; to see the magnificent statues in Statutary Hall; to recall the history of this building; the Rotunda; the times that America has gathered in this place to pay homage to the greats who have served our Nation; to recall history when that same Rotunda was used as a hospital for Union soldiers who were injured in battle.  It is a great building and contains a great history. The dome on this building, which was built during the era when Abraham Lincoln of Springfield, IL, served as President during the Civil War, is really a beacon not just for our Nation but for the world.  All of the visitors who come here to be part of this great American historical moment expect the very best treatment, and they deserve it. That is why it is hard for me to understand what happened in the House of Representatives when the Republican leadership decided they would make a substantial cut--a one-third cut or more--in the number of police officers who would be in this building to protect all of us who work here and all of us who visit here.  It is hard to imagine how that could occur under ordinary circumstances; with the millions of people who flock to this building, that we would cut back in the security and protection of those visitors and employees. It is impossible to understand that suggestion in light of what occurred just 2 years ago in this same building--when, on a Friday afternoon, a deranged man came to this building with a gun and opened fire, sadly killing two of the very best Capitol Hill policemen, Officer Chestnut and Officer Gibson.  Those two men died in the line of duty protecting all of us--protectingthe visitors to this building, protecting the workers who come to this building each day, protecting many of the same Members of Congress who have sponsored on the House side this amendment to reduce the number of Capitol Hill policemen. It is an incredible thing that only 2 years later we would forget that basic lesson.  I remember going to the memorial service for the two officers, as so many Members of Congress did, to show our respect and our gratitude to their families--to try to express with our presence what we couldn't say in words; to thank them and their families for what they had given us. So many people were chocked up that day as they looked across at the rows of family members and saw not only the spouses but a lot of young children who would never know their fathers, who, frankly, would miss out on many of life's great moments with their fathers, because Officer Chestnut and Officer Gibson had given their lives to protect us.  Many of the same Members of Congress who stood choking back the tears that day are, 24 months later, offering amendments to reduce the number of Capitol Hill policemen.  How short is their memory? Can they not recall those moments? I certainly can. I know Senator Mikulski can.  As I come into this building each day and into the office building that we use, I see these men and women in uniform standing there doing their very best to make sure people know the right place to go and where the offices are located, but also keeping in mind that at any given moment they could have their lives on the line.  When Senator Mikulski introduces this resolution, when Senator Wellstone takes the floor repeatedly and talks about the security at the doorways of the entrances to the buildings on Capitol Hill, they are talking about a life and death issue for these men and women. They don't just come to work, as many of us do, and shuffle the papers and do our business. They put their lives on the line every day. The thought that the House Republicans would suggest cutting by one-third the number of police officers is incredible when you consider what is at stake here and what we lived through only 2 years ago.  I certainly commend my colleague, Senator Mikulski, for offering this amendment. I hope every Member of the Senate in a show of fidelity and support to the men and women who protect us every day will join as cosponsors. This should have a 100-0 vote because it really is an indication of what we feel about these people who mean so much to us and who go out of their way to be kind and helpful.  Some of my favorites--I hate to pick out a few because I know there are many who deserve recognition--Officer Charlie Coffer, who stands at the Russell door every day, is a joy in my life. There cannot be a nicer person on Capitol Hill in any spot. He brings a smile to my lips every time I walk through the door.  Officer Best works on the door on the Senate side. I came here at 10 o'clock one night with a group of visitors, and I asked if it would be possible to walk through Statuary Hall. He went out of his way to clear things and make sure we could bring those visitors through for the time of their lives, to be able to walk through this great building in the darkness of night, and sense the history of this building.  Officer Best, Officer Coffer, and so many others, go out of their way to do such a great job. If they go out of their way every day, we should go out of our way to show our gratitude and respect by passing this amendment and this important appropriations bill.  I close by referring to one other item which I hope this appropriations subcommittee can consider. It has come to our attention that some of the workers on the Senate side, particularly those associated with the restaurant, are technically part-time employees. When we are in session, they may work a full 40-hour week; of course, when we are out of session, they don't. Because of this part-time status, many of them do not qualify for basic employee protection life/health insurance. It is hard for me to imagine the men and women who serve food every day, who make sure this building runs smoothly, don't receive the most basic protections which we would expect for any member of our family.  I ask the committee, I ask Senator Bennett and Senator Feinstein, if they would be kind enough to look into this situation. I am happy to work with them and make certain we are treating all of the men and women who work here with respect in giving them the benefits which we would expect every American who comes to work every day to enjoy. I think we ought to join to try to set such an example.  If this is not a major problem, I apologize to the subcommittee. However, if it is one that I have been told is a concern to many of the employees, I hope we can work together to resolve it.  Once again, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their fine work on this bill.  I yield the floor.  