President, I salute my colleague, the Senator from North Dakota. He has been a leader on the issue of prescription drugs and has challenged all of us to focus on an issue which most American families understand completely.  They know what it costs to go to the pharmacy, if you are not lucky enough to have good insurance. They know what it means when you go into your local pharmacy and they tell you how much a drug costs and you almost faint.  They say: Wait a minute; don't you have some insurance coverage?  Well, yes, I think I do.  This happened to me recently in Springfield, IL. It ended up costing me a fraction of what it would have cost. It was a prescription where I had to think twice about whether I wanted to spend that kind of money on it, if the insurance didn't cover it. But that was an option for me; I am in pretty healthy shape. Imagine a person who is really struggling to just survive, to stay healthy and strong, and the choices they have to make when they have limited income.  What I am talking about is not an outrageous situation or an outlandish idea. It happens every single day. It happens across America. People, families across America, keep looking to Washington and saying: Do you get it? Do you understand this? Do you care?  I have a quote one of my staff came up with that I thought was apropos. It is very old. It goes back to 1913. President Woodrow Wilson wrote it to a friend. He was venting his frustration because several Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee were blocking something he considered to be a high priority. He wrote:       Why should public men, Senators of the United States, have      to be led and stimulated to what all the country knows to be      their duty? Why should they see less clearly, apparently,      than anyone else, what the straight path to service is? To      whom are they listening? Certainly not to the voice of the      people when they quibble and twist and hesitate.  That is what this debate gets down to. Are the men and women elected to the Senate and the House of Representatives really listening to the people back home? If we were, would we be wasting a minute and not dealing with the prescription drug benefits people need to survive?  Yet when we take a look at what has been proposed, they are dramatically different, the two major proposals coming from the two major candidates for President. The one that comes from Al Gore and Joe Lieberman on the Democratic side suggests to treat the prescription drug benefit as a Medicare benefit; to say, yes, it is available to every American. It is universal. It is an option which every American can take, and we will protect you under Medicare. You will know that there is a limit to your out-of-pocket expenses. It is simple. It is straightforward. It is consistent with the Medicare program that has been around for over 40 years.  Frankly, there are some people who don't care for it. The drug companies don't care for it. They are making very generous profits every single year, and they know if all of the people under Medicare came together and bargained with them on drug prices and drug costs, their profits may go down. That is why they resist it. That is why this special interest group has been so good at stopping this Congress from doing what the American people want done. Their profits come first, unfortunately, in the Senate--not the people in this country, not the families struggling to pay the bills.  On the other side, they make a proposal which sounds good but just will not work. Under Governor Bush's proposal on prescription drugs, he asserts, for 4 years we will let the States handle it. There are fewer than 20 States that have any drug benefits. Illinois is one of them, I might add. His home State of Texas has none. But he says: Let the States handle it for 4 years; let them work it out.  In my home State of Illinois, I am glad we have it. But it certainly isn't a system that one would recommend for the country. Our system of helping to pay for prescription drugs for seniors applies to certain illnesses and certain drugs. If you happen to be an unfortunate person without that kind of coverage and protection, you are on your own. That is hardly a system for America.  It is far better to take the approach which has been suggested by Mr. Gore and Mr. Lieberman, to have a universal plan that applies to everyone. Let's not say that a person's health and survival depends on the luck of the zip code, where you happen to live, whether your State is generous or not. I don't think that makes sense in America. I think we are better than that.  We proved it with Medicare. We didn't say under Medicare: We will let every single State come up with a health insurance plan for seniors. We said: We will have an American plan, a national plan, and every single American--Hawaii, Alaska, and the lower 48--everyone who can benefit from it gets the same shot at quality health care. And it worked. The critics said, in the 1960s; that is big government; that is socialism, Medicare will be the end of health care as we know it in America. ``Socialized medicine,'' they called it.  Wrong, completely wrong. Ask the people in the hospitals and the doctors today what Medicare has meant. It has meant they are able to give the elderly in America quality health care. Just take a look at the raw statistics. Seniors are living longer today than they did in the 1960s. They are healthier. A lot of good things have come from Medicare.  We believe the same standard should be applied when it comes to prescription drugs. Let us base this on the Medicare system. If you doubt for a moment that this is a serious problem, I wish you would go to your local pharmacy and ask your pharmacist. When I held hearings across Illinois, I brought in doctors and pharmacists and seniors to talk about this issue. The people who were the most adamant about the need for reform were the pharmacists, the men and women in the white coats behind the counter who get the prescriptions from the doctor and try to fill them for the patient and have to face the reality of the cost. Those are the men and women who know every single day that there are seniors who are not filling prescriptions, taking half of what they are supposed to, ignoring the request and, frankly, the best advice of their doctors because they cannot afford otherwise.  Here we stand in the Senate, 7 weeks away from a national election, an election where the American people say a prescription drug benefit is the highest health care priority, and we are not prepared to do anything. Is it any wonder that people looking at the Congress of the United States wonder whether we are paying attention to the reality of life for families across this country? When people can go across the border into Canada and buy the same exact drug sold in the United States, made in the same laboratory, subject to the same FDA inspection, for a fraction of the cost, how in the world can we stand here and say there is nothing we can do about it? There is something we can do about it. There is something we must do about it.  This election is a referendum on whether this Congress has the will to respond to families in need. A lady in Chicago, IL, received a double lung transplant. What a miracle.  Years ago, that was unthinkable. Now it is possible. It works. She stood before me and looked good several years after it occurred. But she said:       Senator, it cost me $2,500 a month for the      immunosuppressive drugs to stay alive. I cannot afford it. So      what I have done, frankly, is to give up everything I have on      earth and move into my son's home, where I live in the      basement. I asked for Medicaid at the Department of Public      Aid in Illinois and for the money to pay for my prescription      drugs each month. I fill out the forms every month to try to      make sure I qualify for the drugs.  She said:       Senator, one month I missed it. I didn't get the paperwork      back in time. For one month, I didn't take the drugs and I      was worried sick. I went back to the doctor after that month      and he said, ``Don't ever let that happen again. You had      irreversible lung damage that occurred during that one-month      period of time.''  Think about the burden on that poor lady's shoulders. How many of us dream of being dependent on our children in our elderly and late years? None of us wants that. Many times my mother has said to me, ``I don't want to be a burden.''  That woman is living in the basement of her kid's home. She has no place to turn and is wondering if she can get the paperwork in on time to qualify for Medicaid. Missing that opportunity, she could lose the chance for the miracle of two new lungs that gave her new life, losing the chance for that miracle to continue.  That is the reality of what is happening. Hers is the most extreme case, and I remember it because of that. But as I went across my State, people said: Senator, I get $800 a month from Social Security and it costs me $400 a month for prescription drugs. I don't have any insurance to cover that.  A third of the seniors in this country have no insurance protection whatsoever; a third have poor protection, anda third are lucky because they worked in the right place and had the right retirement. They are covered and protected. When you hear stories and you come back to Washington, you think: Why are we here? The men and women here are supposed to be here to respond to the real needs of America's families. Yet in this case, and in so many others, this Congress has come up empty. Missed opportunity after missed opportunity.  Let me suggest another thing to you. One thing I have noticed as I visited families in my State of Illinois is that they talk about their children. They will brag about how good they are at playing soccer or playing the piano or getting good grades. But then there will be a pause, a hesitation, and they say: I wonder how we are ever going to pay for that college education. I hear that over and over. New parents with a little baby might say: He looks like his dad and he is sleeping all night, but how in the world are we going to pay for this kid's college?  That is a real concern. The people know the cost of a college education has gone up dramatically. We did a survey in Illinois of community colleges, private colleges, and public universities. Over a 20-year period of time, when a child might consider being in college 20 years later, what happened to the cost of tuition and fees at universities and colleges in my home State of Illinois? They have gone up over 250 percent and, in some cases, over 400 percent. So even if you think you are putting enough money away today to cover what is already a high cost of education, quadruple that cost and you are dealing with the reality of what that could cost in years to come.  So families say to me as a Senator and to those of us serving in Congress: Do you hear us? Do you understand it? You tell us that education is good for our kids and for our country. What are you doing in Washington to help us out, to give us a helping hand?  The honest answer is: Absolutely nothing. There is something we can do. Senator Chuck Schumer, my deskmate here from the State of New York, and Senator Joe Biden of Delaware, have been pushing for a plan that I think makes a lot of sense. It is a plan the Democrats are proposing as part of this Presidential campaign. It is very simple and straightforward. It says that you can take the cost of college tuition and fees and deduct them from your income. What it means is that up to $12,000 of tuition and fees can be deducted. For a family, that means they are going to have a helping hand of around $3,000 each year to pay for it. I wish it were more, but it is certainly a helping hand.  When I went to Rockford College in Rockford, IL, I said: What did the average student graduate with in terms of debt? They said it was about $20,000. That is a lot of money when you are first out of college. Yet if the deductibility of college expenses were part of the law in America, that student would be walking out with a debt of $5,000 or $6,000 instead of $20,000.  Wouldn't that be good for this country and for that family? Doesn't it give that young man or woman the right opportunity to make a choice of a job or a graduate education? I can't tell you how many young people I ran into who said: Because of my college debts, I had to take the best-paying job. I really want to be a teacher, but they don't pay enough. I got a chance to go with a dot-com and make a zillion, so I had to do that.  We lost something there. We lost a potential teacher, someone who wanted to put his or her life into teaching others, but decided, because of the finances, to postpone it or never do it. That is reality.  If we look at that reality, the question is, What does Congress do to respond? Instead of coming up with tax relief for middle-income families to pay for college education expenses, the only tax relief bills we have come up with is for the wealthiest people--the so-called elimination of the death tax and the elimination of the marriage penalty tax. When you lift the lid and look inside, it ends up giving over 40 percent of the benefits to people making over $300,000 a year. Excuse me, but if I am making $25,000 a month in income, how much of a tax break do I need? My life is pretty good, thank you. And thank you, America, for giving me the opportunity to have it. I don't need a tax break from this Congress.  But the families struggling to pay for college education expenses deserve a tax break. If we really believe that the 21st century should be the American century, we need to invest not only in helping families put their kids through college, but in helping workers who realize that additional skills give them greater earning potential, the chance to get that training and education. Sometimes that costs money. If it is going to cost money and tuition and fees, they, too, should be able to deduct it. Lifetime learning, lifelong learning is a reality today if you want to be successful. You can't step back.  When I went into my Senate office representing Illinois 4 years ago and put the computer on my desk, believe me, I am not of an age where I am a computer wizard, but I am learning. I realize I have to learn to keep up with this technology because it makes me more effective and efficient. Everybody is learning that lesson, whether you are in a classroom or a workplace, and the people who want to prosper from that experience and want to make their lives better sometimes need additional training. So when we talk about the deductibility of these expenses for lifelong learning and for college education, we are talking about people setting out to improve themselves. It is not a handout. These people are asking for an opportunity to be educated and trained and skilled.  One of the bills we are going to debate this week is the H-1B visa. You may not know what the term means, but basically it is a question as to how many people we will allow to immigrate into the U.S. to take highly paid, unfilled jobs--jobs that require skills America's employers say they can't find in the American workforce. Well, it is a real problem. I think we need to have an expansion of the H-1B visa to allow people to come in from overseas to fill these jobs so American companies will stay in America, so that they will continue to prosper, pay their taxes, profit by their ventures, and I think we can help them.  But what a commentary on our workforce and our education system that we continue to have to look overseas not for what used to be the brute force of labor coming to build railroads and towns, but now they are the most skilled people in the world. So if we say we are going to allow more people to come into this country to fill the highly skilled jobs, don't we have a similar responsibility to the people and families of this country to explain how, the next time around, there will be Americans skilled to fill these jobs? I think that is part of the debate. Yet you won't hear much about it on the floor of this Senate. We don't talk about education much here.  Some of my colleagues want to dismiss it as a State and local issue, that the Federal Government has little or nothing to do with that. I disagree. We should be giving tax relief to families to pay for higher education and even more. When you look at the schools in America, there are genuine needs. I think everybody who has raised a family, as my wife and I have, appreciates that the more kids you have in the room, the tougher it is to manage it. A teacher with 30 kids in a classroom has her hands full. We have to talk about lower class sizes, smaller classes with more individual attention.  On the Democratic side, we have proposed 100,000 new teachers who will go into classrooms. Schools are growing and the population is getting larger, and 100,000 teachers will cut back on the number of kids in a classroom and give a teacher a better chance to teach.  A teacher came up to me at O'Hare Airport in Chicago and said: I teach on the south side of Chicago. We qualified for the Federal program to have smaller classrooms. Thank you, Senator. It is working. Those kids are getting a better education.  I don't deserve the credit. It wasn't my idea. But I happen to support it. We should support more of it. We are not even discussing education on the floor of the Senate. We are talking about H-1B visas to bring in more skilled employees from overseas. And we are not talking about educating and training our kids in the next generation to fill those jobs. We have lost it in this debate. Somehow we are consumed with things that other people think are much more important. I can't think ofanything more important than education. Health care for prescription drugs and education so kids have a better chance for their future makes all the sense in the world.  While we are talking about a better future, let me also address the 10 million Americans who got up to go to work and went to work this morning, and who go to work every single morning, not looking for a government check but for a paycheck at the end of the week where they are paid $5.15 an hour. That is the minimum wage in this country, and it has been stuck there for over 2 years. Why? Because this Congress refuses to give some of the hardest working people in America an increase in the minimum wage. These are people who get up and go to work every day, who are waiting on tables in the restaurants, and who make the beds in the hotels. They are the day-care workers to whom we entrust our children, they are people working in nursing homes watching our parents and grandparents, and we refuse to give them an increase in the minimum wage.  For decades in this Capitol, this was not a partisan issue. From the time Franklin Roosevelt created the minimum wage until the election of Ronald Reagan, it was a bipartisan undertaking. We raise this wage periodically so people can keep up with the cost of living in this country. But, sadly, it has become a partisan issue.  While we fight on the Democratic side to give 10 million Americans an increase in the minimum wage, we are resisted on the other side of the aisle. They don't want to see these increases. Sadly, it means that people who are struggling to get by with $10,000 or $11,000 a year--and, frankly, have to turn to the Government for food stamps and look to other sources and more jobs--many of those people are single parents raising their kids, working at jobs with limited pay and limited requirements for skills, trying to do their level best. We have refused time and time again to increase the minimum wage in this country. That is a sad commentary on this Congress.  I also want to comment on the reality that we will be increasing congressional pay this year, as we have with some frequency, to reflect the cost-of-living adjustment. I think that is fair. But doesn't fairness require that we give the same consideration to people who are working for $5.15 an hour? I hope my colleagues, Senate Democrats and Republicans alike, will share my belief that this is something that absolutely needs to be done.  Whether we are talking about health care or prescription drugs and fairness in paying people for what they work for, there is an agenda that has gone unfilled in this Congress. It is an agenda which has been ignored and about which the American people have a right to ask us to do something.  I can tell you that as we talk about the future of this country and its economy, we are all applauding the fact that we have had the longest period of economic expansion in our history. We have had 22 million new jobs created during the Clinton-Gore administration. There is more home ownership than anytime in our history. There are more small businesses being created, particularly women-owned small businesses, across America. We have seen our welfare rolls going down. The incidence of violent crime is going down. We have seen an expansion of opportunity in this country that has been unparalleled. But if we sit back and want to rest on our accomplishments and our laurels, the American people have a right to throw all of us out of office. Our responsibility is to look ahead and say we can do better to improve this country and make it better for our children and grandchildren.  This Congress has refused to look ahead. It has refused to say how we can expand health care so that over 40 million Americans without any health insurance will have a chance to get the basic quality health care on which all of us insist for ourselves and our family.  This Congress has refused to address the prescription drug needs of families across America at a time of unparalleled prosperity in these United States.  This Congress has refused to look to the need of education when we know full well that the benefits of our economy can only accrue to those who are prepared to use them and who are prepared to compete in a global economy.  Yesterday, by an overwhelming vote, we voted for permanent normal trade relations with China. I voted for that. It was 83-15. It was a substantially bipartisan rollcall. We said that country, which represents one-fifth of the world's population, is a market we need. I hope when the President signs the bill we will begin to see an opening of that market for our farmers and our businesses. But we will only be as good in the global economy as we are in terms of the skill and education of America's workers.  We know full well that there will always be some country in the world--if not China, some other country--that will pay a worker 5 cents an hour and they will take it. We also know that those workers have limited education and limited skills, perhaps doing a manual labor job. And those jobs are always going to be cheaper overseas; that is a fact of life.  But if we are going to prosper in America from a global economy, we have to bring our workforce beyond manual labor, beyond basic skills, and that means investing in our people. It is important to have the very best technology, but it is even more important to have the very best skilled people working in the workplace. We happen to think if we are going to keep this economy moving forward, we need to make certain we don't do anything that is going to derail the economy.  We have seen some suggestions--for example, Governor Bush and some of his Republican friends in the Senate who have suggested over a $1 trillion tax cut that they want to see over the next 10 years. They have suggested we change the Social Security system.  