ENZI. I think your side had time and I patiently listened while I was in the chair. Your questions turn into statements. I would like to finish making my statement, if I might.  What we are turning into is a country that recognizes that the Federal Government can give us everything and we forget about where the everything came from.  It is pretty exciting to get a windfall. I figured out--and this is mostly from talking to my Wyoming constituents--that when a new program around here is proposed, there are people across this country who benefit from it. Maybe they get $1,000. In fact, that turns out to be about the average a person in one of these programs gets--$1,000. Of course, it employs some different people because they administer the program, and they get more than $1,000 a year benefit out of it. They become the main lobbyists for the new program, and they get very excited about getting this new program in place and spending the money. You know, if a person gets $1,000 or more, it is worth a letter or two--more than that, maybe it is worth a trip to Washington.  So we hear a lot about the importance of the new programs and everything. What we don't hear about is the taxpayers saying: Whoa, that isn't a program I like or a program I want to fund; that isn't where I want to put my money.  Do you know why we don't hear as much from those people? First of all, they are busy earning the tax money that we spend; secondly, it is only costing them about a quarter for a new program. How many letters can you write for 25 cents? You can't. So what we wind up with is a huge lobby for new programs.  The President, when he did his State of the Union speech, laid out several billion dollars a minute in new programs--new programs--that he would like to see done. In fact, there were about $750 billion worth of expenditures listed there. Now, we have programs in this country that we are not funding adequately at the present time, programs that we have said are important, such as IDEA, that we bring up every once in a while to get additional funding. We don't do it, but we keep looking at new programs.  There are some things that need to be done in this country, and the best way is to get on with the appropriations process, to work through it in the kind of detail it deserves, and to quit throwing in peripheral things just because they can be brought up, which come with points of order and additional votes, each taking about an hour and using up the time of the Senate. It is time we got on with the business of appropriations and visited with constituents about the details of how they think this country ought to run.  I yield the floor.  