I come to the floor this morning to talk about an issue which is dominating the Presidential race across the United States. It is the issue about the future of Social Security.  It is interesting when you ask Americans how important it is. As an issue in this Presidential campaign, 71 percent of Americans say it is very important. It is understandable, because, at least since the era of the New Deal and Franklin Roosevelt, Social Security has really been there as an insurance policy against the devastating impact of age and retirement of people before its creation.  There was a time in America before Social Security when, if you were lucky enough to have saved some money, or if you were among the fortunate few with a pension, retirement was kind of an easy experience. But for the vast majority of Americans who didn't have that good fortune, retirement was a very troubling and dangerous experience.  It is no surprise that before Franklin Roosevelt conceived of the notion of creating Social Security, one of the highest ranking groups of poor people in America was parents and grandparents who were elderly. In his era, President Franklin Roosevelt changed the thinking in America to say: we are going to create, basically, a safety net to say to everyone, if you will give the Social Security fund some money as you work during the course of your employment, we will put that aside and guarantee to you that there will be a safety net waiting for you; that you will have a nest egg; that the Federal Government will be watching; and it will be there.  Over the years, of course, because of medical science and other things, we have gotten to the point where we live longer and more and more people are taking advantage of Social Security. Over the years, the amount of payroll tax for Social Security went up so you could take care of those senior citizens. But Social Security in America, for 70 years, has been that basic insurance policy.  When political leaders of either political party--Democrats or Republicans--start talking about changing Social Security, a lot of American families start listening--not only those who are receiving it but many who are near retirement. Certainly, a lot of younger workers ask very important questions, such as: Will it ever be there when I need it? I think for the last three or four decades in America that question from younger workers has been very common. It is natural to be skeptical--when you are 20 years old or 25 years old--that the money you are putting into the payroll tax for Social Security will ever help you.  Yet if you take a look at the record in America, Social Security has always been there. Payments have always been made. We have kept up with the cost-of-living adjustments to try to improve and increase those payments over the years. But we have kept our promise. A program created almost 70 years ago has been an insurance policy for every American family.  There are warnings, of course, for people: Do not count on Social Security for a living because it is a very spartan existence. It doesn't provide a lavish lifestyle once you have retired. But you are not going to starve. You are going to have some basic health and necessities of life. Americans have built this into their thinking about their future. What will happen to us at the age of 65? We would like to think we are prepared with savings and retirement, but we always know that we have worked for a sufficient number of quarters for our lives so that we will qualify for Social Security.  It is interesting. In the year 2000, in this Presidential campaign, there is a brand new debate, and the debate suggests that we ought to take a brand new look at Social Security. On one side, George Bush has suggested we ought to change it rather dramatically; that we ought to take at least 2 percent of the payroll savings taxes that are taken out for Social Security and put that into a private account in which individuals can invest.  There is some appeal to that because a lot of people say maybe that will be a better idea--maybe I can make more money by investing it personally and directing my investments than if the Federal Government buys a very conservative investment plan with the whole Social Security trust fund. It is not uncommon to think that people across America are feeling good about directing their own future.  I say at the outset that--I think I speak for everyone in the Senate, both Democrat and Republican--we believe in encouraging people to save for their future. We believe in giving them options for investment. That is why we have created IRAs and 401(k)s, and all sorts of vehicles under the Tax Code so people can make plans for their future. But George Bush raises a more important question, and one that I would like to address for a few minutes.  What would happen if George Bush had his way? If we took 2 percent of theproceeds going into the Social Security trust fund and said they will no longer go into the trust fund but people will be allowed to invest them individually, what impact would that have? Frankly, it could have a very serious and, I think, a very negative impact.  Keep in mind that the money being taken out of the payroll taxes each week in America goes to pay the current benefits of Social Security retirees. There is not some huge savings account that is blossoming. But basically we are talking about a pay-as-you-go system. If you take 2 percent away, you are still going to have the retirees needing their Social Security check. You are going to have to figure out some way to plug this gap.  If you say that 2 percent of payroll taxes will stop going into the Social Security trust fund, who will make up the difference? How big is that difference? Some estimate that the difference is $1 trillion. If you think about that, you have to ask George Bush and others who support this: Where is that money coming from? How will we make up the difference if we start saying to people they don't have to put it all in the trust fund, keep 2 percent and invest it personally? That $1 trillion transition has to be taken in the context of George Bush's other suggestion of a $2 trillion tax cut primarily for the wealthiest people in America.  I will concede that we are in good times in America for most families. The economy is strong. For the first time in decades, we are seeing surpluses in the Federal accounts. You can attribute that to leadership in Washington, leadership in business, and leadership in families. It has all come together in the last 8 years. America is moving forward. We are in a surplus situation. Who would have thought we would be talking about this on the floor of Congress just a few years after we debated a balanced budget amendment?  But many of us believe that even in a surplus situation we should be cautious because we are not certain what is going to be around the bend. We want to make certain that the decisions we make now about investing surplus funds makes sense for ourselves, for our children, and for our grandchildren.  To come up with an idea for taking this surplus and putting it into a massive tax cut for wealthy people or putting it into a Social Security change that could cost us another trillion dollars, in my mind, is not fiscally conservative. Yes. That is right--fiscally conservative.  The conservative approach being proposed by President Clinton and Vice President Gore says take the surplus and instead of putting it into something of great risk, such as a tax cut or some privatization of Social Security, let us buy down parts of the national debt. The national debt costs taxpayers in America $1 billion a day in interest. That is right. You are paying taxes now--payroll taxes and income taxes--to the tune of $1 billion a day for interest payments on old debt.  If you think about it, what is a better gift to our children and their children than to reduce this debt, and to say to them that we are going to take care of our mortgage, the one that we were going to leave to you, by paying down the national debt? That is Vice President Gore's suggestion. He says, in the Social Security program, pay down the debt in the trust funds. Pay down all of the bonds that have accumulated. When you do it, incidentally, you can extend the life of Social Security and make it stronger to the year 2050. It is a twofer--reducing the national debt and reducing the interest payment on it, and at the same time strengthening Social Security. That is the Gore approach. It a conservative approach. I will concede that. But I think it is the fiscally responsible approach.  On the other side, George Bush has said don't worry about paying down debt; Let's talk about a tax cut of $2 trillion for wealthy people, and let's talk about a new Social Security privatization idea that will cost at least $1 trillion in transition. That is not conservative, nor do I think it is prudent. I think you can appropriately call it a risky idea.  I joined with Senator Byron Dorgan of North Dakota and Senator Charles Schumer of New York and my friend and colleague Senator Boxer of California in sending a letter to George Bush saying to him: If you want to talk about one of the most important programs to America's families, Social Security, and you want to talk about dramatic changes in Social Security, then we want you to come forward with an idea about what this means. What impact will this have on families?  We are anxious to receive a reply because, you see, George Bush, in the last few weeks, has gone beyond the 2-percent suggestion--that we can take 2 percent and invest it in the stock market--and now he says he can envision a day when we invest all of our Social Security in the stock market.  I readily concede that over the last 8 years, during President Clinton's administration, the stock market has done very well. It doesn't from day-to-day for those who follow it, but over the long term it has. The Dow Jones Industrial Average of 3,000 back in 1993 is now up to 10,000. That suggests a lot of wealth has been created in America. Those that were smart enough, and could, invested in the stock market and have seen their savings grow.  It is naive to believe this will go on indefinitely. We have certainly seen in the last 6 months the roller coaster of the NASDAQ and the roller coaster of the New York Stock Exchange, to suggest there have been good days and bad days. To take your life savings, or take 2 percent of your payroll tax and Social Security, and put it in the stock exchange, you understand there are risks. I think most Americans appreciate that fact.  As I said earlier, for those who want to invest their savings, that is their business. When it comes to Social Security, we have always said this is a part of our system that should be protected. If we go forward with George Bush's plan to privatize Social Security, it would truly give to individuals some power to invest. However, it also raises questions about the future of this Social Security system. Where will we come up with the $1 trillion in transition payments?  There are only so many ways to achieve that: We can tax Social Security to come up with more revenue; we can reduce benefits, for those who are currently receiving Social Security; or we can raise the retirement age under Social Security.  Frankly, I reject all three of those. I don't think America's families who are looking forward to enjoying their retirement years and counting on Social Security will sign up for George Bush's deal when they understand it could jeopardize Social Security as we know it and as we count on it. That is truly one of the serious problems we face.  Second, if we accept the George Bush approach on privatizing Social Security, we don't have the money that Vice President Gore wants to invest in paying off the national debt and paying off the debt of the Social Security trust fund. So we leave that interest payment out there for future generations. We don't stabilize Social Security. We don't give it a longer life.  A point made earlier by my colleague from the State of California, Senator Boxer: What if George Bush guesses wrong? What if people invest some part of their Social Security into the stock market and the market goes down and they are losing money? What will the response be of the elected officials across this country? We don't know because we have never faced it.  History tells us it is likely that Democrats and Republicans will say: Wait a minute; we cannot let a sizable number of Americans fail. People cannot be in a position where they don't have enough money to live on in retirement.  We are then likely, on a political basis, to ride to the rescue. Anyone remember not too long ago we did that with the savings and loan bailout? Too many institutions had lost money across America, and a lot of people lost their savings accounts. We bailed out the savings and loans. I didn't like voting for that, but I didn't see any alternative. The economy was at stake and we did it.  I happen to believe if the Bush privatization scheme goes through and it doesn't work, this Congress will be called on to come up with the money to bail out the families who guessed wrong in the stock market. Think about where this leads. From the dark days of deep red ink and deficits, we are now in a surplus. George Bush is saying let's try something that is a little new and a little innovative andhasn't been tried. He is suggesting changes which could jeopardize the strength of this economy, the strength of our recovery, and what we envision as a strong American economy for decades to come. He is taking what I consider to be a leap of faith that some scheme which someone has come up with will work.  Vice President Gore is urging a more conservative approach: Put the surplus into bringing down the substantial debt, into strengthening the Social Security trust fund; put the surplus into making certain that Medicare is there for years to come; reduce the national debt so our children and their children don't continue to pay $1 billion in interest a day on old debt that we have accumulated.  That is the fundamental choice. It is not a question of whether people should have the right to invest their savings in the stock market--that is their right in America; 50 percent of families are doing that now. Our family is one of them--but whether or not you take the Social Security system, and after 70 years, turn it upside down and say we are now going to make this a much different system.  In the words of George Bush: We will privatize Social Security. I think there is a great amount of risk to that. I can understand the skepticism of a lot of American families about this proposal.  