 Mr. President, I thank Senator Lautenberg of New Jersey, who is on the Budget Committee. This will be the last budget resolution he will manage on the floor. He is retiring from the Senate. We will miss him. He has been a leader on so many issues. I have worked with him on issues over the years such as gun control. He has certainly been a leader for his State and the Nation, and he has taken on a tough job in working on the Budget Committee.  We all acknowledge that the chairman of the committee, Senator Domenici, is a man we respect very much. We may disagree on political issues. We find him as a colleague to be a real professional and a man truly dedicated to reducing the budget deficit and keeping the fiscal house in order. We may see the world a little differently, but we have a high respect for Senator Domenici.  I will miss Senator Lautenberg. He is a great friend and has been a great colleague over the years. I am happy he is here for this important and vital battle.  The budget resolution that we debate may be one of the toughest to sell to the American people because it is a dry subject. We are talking about percentages--billions of dollars in appropriations, and money in the outyears. Pretty soon, you are lost in the sauce trying to figure out what in the world these people are talking about.  Does this have any relevance or importance to the lives of ordinary people across America? Should families even pay attention to it? If they are watching on C-SPAN, they are probably clicking away now. As Billy Crystal said the other day, he liked the movie ``The Sixth Sense.'' He said: I see dead people too. I see them on C-SPAN.  I think people who watch C-SPAN will understand that we are very much alive. They understand the issues we are debating today are very important to them.  Take a look at this little graphic prepared on the Democratic side. We have a great ship of state, the ``U.S. Economy.''  Take a look at the U.S. economy over the past 8 or 9 years. You will see that an amazing thing has occurred.  We have seen the greatest economic growth in the history of America, with terrific employment, new housing, new businesses, and inflation under control. We have seen our debt coming down at a time when many people have given up, thinking that the national debt was just going to increase.  These are all positive things--a stock market which was at 3,000 with the Dow Jones average when President Clinton took office. It is now over 10,000. It may be over 11,000, I haven't checked. All of these things are good news about the American economy.  This great ship of state sails on with the U.S. economy stronger than it has ever been in recorded history. This is not political hyperbole. This is a fact, and America's families know it. They know we are moving in the right direction in this country. Above all, they want Congress to get out of the way. Don't stop this economy from moving forward.  Let me tell you that this budget resolution we are debating on the floor of the Senate today is going to get in the way of that economy. It is going to be an obstacle to our economic progress.  Look at this looming iceberg. Does this remind you of a movie? Here you see the tip of the iceberg--a $168 billion Republican tax cut. But look below the surface. This Republican tax scheme is much larger.  Why would politicians be for tax cuts? Every American family would applaud a tax cut. We would all like to have one. It helps you get by. But if you ask what that tax cut will cost, a lot of people in America back off and say: Wait a minute. It doesn't make a lot of sense for us to be giving tax breaks to the wealthiest people in America and jeopardizing the growth in our economy. You see, what the Republicans do in their budget resolution is couple it with a tax cut plan over the next 5 years that literally gobbles up every single dollar of surplus that we have so there is no money available for us to spend on other things that America knows we need.  Does America know we need better schools and better education? You bet we do. Every parent, every grandparent, and every family knows that. The Republican plan shortchanges that. They take the money away from the cut. They say: No, we would rather give it as a tax cut to wealthy people than put it in education.  Let's ask another question. Would American families want to see a prescription drug benefit under the Medicare program for our parents and grandparents? You bet we would. We understand that a lot of senior citizens are choosing between food and medicine. They can't afford to buy the drugs to keep themselves healthy and strong, out of the hospital, and out of the nursing home.  We believe on the Democratic side--and the President agrees--that we should take a part of our surplus and put it into a prescription drug benefit so that the elderly and disabled across America have that peace of mind. Yet if you look at the Republican budget proposal, the money is not there for this prescription drug benefit. Instead, it is there for this tax scheme that can derail the economy.  Not only that, you have to ask yourself whether or not we are dedicating the resources we need for the growth of our country for investment in infrastructure and people. That really counts.  This Republican tax scheme, which is the cornerstone of this budget resolution we are debating, is bad policy for this country. Don't take my word for it. Don't take the word of any Democrat for it. Take the word of the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan. He tells us the No. 1 priority for the good of America and its economy is reducing our national debt--not a tax cut for the wealthiest people.  This tax cut from the Senate Republicans is a mere shadow of the tax cut proposed by Governor George W. Bush in his Presidential campaign. It is a tax cut that, frankly, goes to the wealthiest people in America. It is worse than the one proposed by the Senate Republicans in this budget resolution. This is the George W. Bush tax cut to the top 1 percent of wage earners in America. The George W. Bush tax cut will provide a $50,000 a year tax cut. If one happens to be in the lower 60 percent of wage earners, the tax cut is $249 a year--20 bucks a month.  I gave the Senate Republicans on the Budget Committee two opportunities to vote for George W. Bush's tax cut in committee. They say they want him for President. He says it is the most important thing in his campaign. One would think the Senate Republicans would rush to be in his corner when it comes to standing for this tax cut. Do you know what. On two different occasions they tried to avoid, and did avoid, even having a recorded vote on their standard bearer's tax cut. They don't want to be on record in favor of that tax cut. They know it eats up all of our surplus that goes into the Social Security trust fund.  At this moment in time, the Senate Budget Republicans have denied George W. Bush twice. I will give him another chance on the Senate floor in the next few days. Will the Senate Budget Republicans deny George W. Bush thrice? We will find out. I hope they come to their senses and understand they should go on record in opposition to it.  America wants to spend money on things important for our future, suchas education, health care, training the next generation of workers, making certain this economy keeps moving along. A lot of people have prospered under this economy, but a lot of working families are just starting to believe things are getting better for them. They do not want to derail the economic progress we have seen under the Clinton-Gore administration. They want America to continue to move forward. They want America to continue to grow. I believe that is the right track to follow.  I yield the floor to my colleague from Oregon. I hope to get another chance to address the budget resolution which should be defeated by the Senate so we can continue the economic progress we have seen in America.  