GRAMM. I will be happy to yield. Let me talk a little bit about my amendment, and then I will yield.  Now that we are into Presidential politics, I have offered a substitute, and that is, we ought to vote on the Gore tax increase. As many of my colleagues know, because they probably received a signed copy, our Vice President has written a book, ``Earth in the Balance.'' The principal proposal of this book is as follows:  He wants a coordinated program to accomplish the strategic goal of completely eliminating the internal combustion engine over, say, 25 years. That means the pickup you have your umbrella and gun slung across the back of is going to be gone. That means this new car you either have today or are hoping to buy is going to be gone. Eliminating the internal combustion engine is a pretty dramatic change, especially over a 25-year period.  He goes on to say the reason he wants to do this is--talking again about these cars and these trucks:       Their cumulative impact on the global environment is posing      a mortal threat to the security of every nation that is more      deadly than any military enemy we are ever again likely to      face.  There is no way we can eliminate the internal combustion engine without starting out over the next 5 years, maybe now with a $1.50-a-gallon tax, maybe in 4 years another $1.50, and to get rid of the internal combustion engine we would have to get gasoline up $10, $20, $50 a gallon.  Since our colleague from Illinois decided today was the day we ought to begin to debate the Presidential campaign on the floor of the Senate, I thought we ought to have an opportunity for Senators to go on record saying they do not agree with the Vice President; they are not quite ready to kiss the internal combustion engine goodbye. I am still hoping to get a four-wheel-drive truck. I am not ready to let Al Gore come in and impose his values that say it is OK for my people who live in rural areas of my State and commute 40, 50 miles a day to work to try another mode of transportation to get rid of their car or pickup.  