President, I thank the Senator from Washington for yielding. For those who have not followed this debate closely, it is true that we are not debating the passage of a law; we are debating the passage of a resolution which is more or less a message of the Senate expressing its opinion.  Why aren't we debating a law, since this is supposed to be the Senate and we pass laws? Because the law is bottled up in a committee. The gun safety law we passed in the Senate after the Columbine massacre is bottled up in a committee by the National Rifle Association. The Republicans control the Senate and the House, and they will not let the bill come out of the committee. Those who believe gun safety legislation is needed have to resort to these devices to try to at least bring the issue up for consideration by the Senate.  My colleague from the State of Wyoming said the sense-of-the-Senate resolution is nothing but delay, delay, delay. Yesterday when we presented this sense-of-the-Senate resolution, it was the Republican side that delayed it for 5 hours. When we said we wanted to commend the Million Mom March and we wanted to bring the gun safety bill out of committee, it took the Republicans 5 hours to come up with an alternative, a substitute, which, if you read it, is, first, a diatribe against the Clinton administration and, second, the reaffirmation of the principles of the National Rifle Association.  That is their right on the Republican side to offer whatever they want to offer. We believe the message that came on The Mall last Sunday and across America, in Chicago and Los Angeles, of 750,000 mothers who gave up their Mother's Day to march, is that this Senate, this Congress, should get down to the business of passing laws to make America safer.  It also said this sense-of-the-Senate resolution is similar to talking about the weather: It really doesn't do anything. It is funny it would take 5 hours for the Republican leadership to respond to it if it really doesn't do anything. What it does is put the Senators in this Chamber on record: Do you commend the Million Mom March? Do you want this legislation to come out of committee immediately? If so, vote ``yes''; if you share the opposing position, vote ``no.'' At least Members are on the record.  Senator Reed of Rhode Island offered a similar question in a sense-of-the-Senate resolution a few weeks ago, and 53 Senators--more than a majority--said: Let's vote for it. Bring the bill out, and let's get on with it. It still sits in committee because the Republican leadership is blocking the effort to pass gun safety legislation.  The Senator from Idaho stands on the floor and reminds mothers across America that there are many things injuring children: Automobile crashes, trauma, poisoning--the list goes on and on. The Senator from Idaho is certainly right. I don't know that the mothers of America needed to be reminded of that. They understood that when they came to The Mall. They asked us to do something about guns and the fact that every day in America --today, tomorrow, and the day after--12 children will die because of guns. Kids are dying because of gangbangers, accidents with guns, suicides--12 kids every single day in America. We have become so used to this, it doesn't make the headlines anymore. There is not another nation on Earth with these grizzly statistics when it comes to guns. It is right here. It is America, the country of which we are so proud.  Mothers march to remind Congress we can do more and we can do better to make this world safer for their children. They are right. For the Senator from Idaho to say to the mothers across America, you know, a lot of kids get hurt in automobile accidents, it is a truism; there is no doubt about it.  I remind the Senator from Idaho, there is ample legislation, Federal and State, establishing the safety of cars we drive, establishing requirements to wear seatbelts and airbags in the cars, use of a child safety seat and restraints, legislation all over the country to make car travel more accommodating and safer for children, but there are no laws on the books, none whatever, in Washington, DC, concerning the safety of guns.  Make a toy gun to sell at Christmas and we have an agency that looks over your shoulder to say that may not be safe for kids. But make a real gun, the kind used in sport, hunting, or self-defense, and there are no--underline ``no''--Federal safety standards.  When it comes to kids and cars, we write all kinds of laws about safety. When it comes to guns, the gun lobby says: Hands off; it is our constitutional right to produce any type of weapon we want.  He talked about kids who suffocate on mattress covers and plastic bags. There are warnings printed. There is a Consumer Product Safety Commission watching these products in commerce, trying to keep them safe for families, but no such standards when it comes to guns in America.  I think the amendment of the Senator from Idaho falls apart. If he wants safety for children from all the hazards, I agree with him completely. And we have passed laws to establish those standards of safety in every single area but one--the firearm industry. They can make any kind of gun they want, and they are not subject to any kind of control or supervision by the Federal Government to sell it. They can sell it without a child safety device such as a trigger lock. They can put it on the market. Look at what happens. Twelve kids in America every single day. Twelve mothers receive a phone call, a knock on the door, and are told their child has just been shot, maybe killed, by a gun.  That is why the mothers marched in Chicago. That is why they marched in Washington and in Los Angeles and across the Nation. That is why we are on the floor of the Senate today. We don't believe that march was in vain. We believe that is the best illustration of democracy in America, when people from ordinary lives come forward and say: We are giving up a special day each year for mothers to let you know how important it is that we have safety in our schools and safety in our neighborhoods. We expect the Congress, the Senate, to listen. To listen--that is what a democracy is all about. The voters, the people, speak and we listen.  Frankly, for almost a year now, this Congress has not listened. After the Columbine High School situation in Littleton, CO--12 kids were killed and a score or more were injured--America was horrified that this could happen in a ``good neighborhood,'' a ``good school.'' It happens all over America.  I live in Springfield, IL. We are not safe from this. There is not a town, there is not a neighborhood, there is not a community in America that is safe from gun violence. We are a nation of 200 million guns. If you have a careless gun owner who asserts his constitutional right to own a gun but refuses to accept his moral responsibility to store it safely, you know what is going to happen. Kids are going to find it. Kids are going to play with it. They may hurt themselves or an unsuspecting playmate. They may take that gun to school, as they did in Jonesboro, AR--an 11-year-old and a 15-year-old with an arsenal of weapons from the grandfather and all the ammunition, sitting in the woods, pulling the fire alarm and watching the kids come out into the playground and firing away at the kids and their teachers.  Should we do something about that? Should we require safety locks? That is part of the legislation that is bottled up in committee. That is part of the legislation Republicans will not bring to the floor.  In Littleton, CO, the guns that were used to kill the students were purchased at gun shows without background checks. Don't we want to know if the purchaser is a criminal, has a history of violent mental illness, or is a child? I would think we would want to know that. We want to keep guns out of the hands of those who would misuse them, but the National Rifle Association says: No, it is too much of an inconvenience to have a background check at a gun show. These folks need their weapons; they need them in a hurry; and they have to get out in the street.  Excuse me but walk through the airports, go through the metal detectors, subject yourself to the inconvenience, if you will, because we want safety on airplanes. If you go to a gun show, you should accept the burden and the inconvenience of a background check because we know if we do not make that background check, guns will get in the wrong hands. In the wrong hands it leads to crime and killing, pain, and suffering for mothers and fathers across America.  It is hard to understand the position of the National Rifle Association. This organization of some 3 million people has made a mockery of democracy. When the overwhelming majority of Americans want sensible gun safety laws, when sportsmen and hunters will accept the inconvenience of a background check and say that is part of it, we understand it--and this organization stands in the way of sensible gun safety legislation time and time and time again--it is disgraceful. That is why we are on the floor of the Senate. We want Democrats and Republicans to go on the record to commend the Million Mom March and to stand up for gun safety legislation.  I yield the floor.  