President, I rise today to briefly discuss the Fiscal Year 2001 Agriculture Appropriations conference report, H.R. 4461.  First, I would like to commend Senators Cochran and Kohl, the Senate Subcommittee chairman and ranking member. They have put together a very good underlying bill and have done so with bipartisan support and cooperation. From the very first hearing of theyear, through conference, Chairman Cochran has endeavored to deliver a bill that is helpful to our farmers and ranchers and fair to the Food and Drug Administration. Again, I congratulate him on this important accomplishment.  I was a conferee on this bill, as I am a member of the Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee. However, I regret to say that I was unable to sign the conference report because of specific provisions on Cuba sanctions and prescription drug re-importation.  Specifically, I am distressed that the conferees did not support the Senate position on lifting food and medicine sanctions against Cuba. The House language limiting U.S. sales to a cash only or third-country financing basis will unnecessarily restrict the sales of food and medicine to Cuba.  I am further troubled by the language restricting travel by Americans to Cuba. During the Cold War, Americans were able to travel to the Soviet bloc countries, and if they were kept out, it was by the Communists, not by our own government. I believe Castro has more to fear from an invasion force of American tourists than from our sanctions policy. I cannot imagine how restricting the ability of Americans to go to Cuba could possibly advance our shared goal of peaceful change toward democracy and a free market economy in Cuba.  With regard to prescription drug re-importation, too many Americans struggle to afford prescription drugs that their doctors believe are necessary to alleviate or prevent illness. Unfortunately, those who can least afford these drugs because they do not have insurance coverage for prescription drugs generally pay far more than the ``most favored'' purchasers such as Health Maintenance Organizations, HMOs, and other big insurers.  Instead of dealing with the real issue of providing comprehensive, affordable drug coverage to all America's seniors and the disabled, this conference report takes a much more limited step. It is billed as a means to provide our constituents with access to better priced medicines by allowing for the re-importation of drugs sold at lower prices in other countries. This provision includes measures to ensure the safety of these re-imported products by requiring testing after re-importation. However, the language attached to this conference report still includes several pharmaceutical industry-backed loopholes that will undermine consumer ability to access cheaper drugs. These loopholes were added late in the process and have the potential to nullify the entire provision.  Drug companies will be able to limit supplies in foreign countries to thwart re-importation efforts. Nothing in the language of this conference report addresses this issue. In fact, the limitation on the countries from which wholesalers and pharmacists may re-import drugs will clearly aggravate this loophole. The language also omits provisions that would prevent the pharmaceutical industry from forcing foreign wholesalers to sell products at the inflated American price. Without such a provision, the drug industry will be able to prevent U.S. consumers from obtaining more affordable medicines. There is no effort to focus re-importation so as to benefit the most severely disadvantaged Americans: the elderly and the disabled.  I am convinced that Congress needs to address prescription drug coverage and the cost of pharmaceutical products here at home. Tortuous transport through other countries to re-import products that were originally manufactured here in the U.S. is not the most effective remedy for the high prices that American consumers pay today.  Mr. President, I would like to note with appreciation that this conference report includes important assistance for our nation's farmers who are facing another year of low prices.  The assistance farmers received last year helped many Illinois farmers. An October 1999 study by the University of Illinois projected that average net farm income for Illinois farmers would have been just $11,000 in 1999 without federal assistance. But with federal assistance, their income rose to $25,000.  Although the U.S. economy continues to thrive, farmers and those who live in rural America do not appear to be reaping the benefits. This measure provides $3.6 billion for weather-related crop losses and livestock assistance, and it increases funding for the Farm Service Agency to carry out vital farm programs and emergency measures. The conference report also doubles the loan deficiency limits to ensure farmers are able to receive the income support they need.  The conference report also contains $1 billion for P.L. 480--Food for Peace, $697 million for the Food Safety and Inspection Service, $2.5 billion for USDA Rural Development programs, $9.5 billion for child nutrition programs--including a School Breakfast pilot program, and $1.2 billion for the Food and Drug Administration.  Mr. President, although I have some serious reservations with regard to Cuba sanctions and prescription drug re-importation, I am voting for this conference report because of its other valuable provisions that are simply too important to Illinois agriculture to delay.  