It was a tough vote, and we both know some of our colleagues lost their reelection campaigns because of it, because people demagogued and said it was the biggest tax increase.  It was on the wealthiest people in the country and also the biggest tax cut in history, and it was right thing to do. It was the right medicine. People on Wall Street and the business community know we finally have a President who will take a difficult but necessary path toward bringing us to a surplus economy. That is exactly what has happened.  To think this could happen under any President, I say, is wishful thinking, because I have served under three Presidents and I can say in the early days we didn't see any indication that the deficits were going to decrease. In fact, just the opposite is true. We can see in the President George Bush era the deficits were increasing each year. It wasn't until the Clinton-Gore administration started that the deficits were reduced, leading to a surplus.  Then take a look at the overall impact to which the Senator from Nevada alludes. We are in the longest economic expansion in the history of the United States of America, 115 months. We have seen the effort made, the longest sustained surplus coming out of our Federal deficit in our history. We have seen more money generated to pay down debt than at any time in our history. What does it mean?  As the Senator has noted, the unemployment rate of this country has been coming down steadily since 1992, the election of Bill Clinton and Al Gore. We can see the unemployment rate is the lowest peacetime level in 42 years. This does not happen automatically. It isn't just something we can expect to see automatically. We have to make the right choices. Some of them are difficult. Some are painful. Some are easily demagogued in 30-second ads. These choices have paid off for America.  Let me show the Senator from Nevada some charts to back up other things he said: 22 million new jobs have been created under the Clinton-Gore administration. Is this something that is easy to do? Obviously, President George Bush couldn't do it. In his 4 years, he managed to create some 2.5 million jobs; President Reagan, 16 million under his 8-year period. But 22 million were created across this country in Clinton-Gore.  There used to be a debate whether we value work. Since I was a little boy growing up in my family, work was important. You proved your mettle as a person by going to work. Now 22 million Americans have a chance to go to work and their chance to realize the America dream.  Look at the inflation rate. This is the lowest level since 1965. Inflation being low means a lot of people can understand that their take-home pay is still worth a lot if it keeps up with inflation.  In the bad old days, we had inflation rates in double digits. Now we are down to an inflation rate that is below 3 percent. People who are always left out in this equation are the poorest in America. We see now the lowest poverty rate in two decades was in 1999. It means basically we have not just helped those the best off in America, we have tried to help everybody. That means more job creation bringing more people off welfare, and our welfare rolls are the lowest they have been in modern memory. All these positive things have occurred. The question people have to face in the election on November 7 is basically the same election question Ronald Reagan posed many years ago: Are you better off today than you were 8 years ago? For the vast majority of Americans the answer is, overwhelmingly, yes. There is a fear, of course, unless we make the right decisions and elect the right leaders, we could jeopardize that situation.  Look at Federal spending. I noticed George W. Bush goes around saying Al Gore wants to spend more and more at the Federal level, but this chart shows spending is moving in the opposite direction. Since the election of Bill Clinton in 1992, we have seen a steady decline of Federal spending as a percentage of our gross domestic product. Our spending is more effective. We are trying to do things that are important for America, and it has been evidenced in our economy and economic growth.  Take a look a little more closely at the tax cut that would be happening here under the proposals we have seen from George W. Bush. We see basically the average tax cut for the lowest 20 percent of Americans ends up this year being worth about $18. If you happen to be in the top 1 percent, it is worth over $4,000. As you look at these, you understand this is a clear choice.  I want to go back to one point made by the Senator from Nevada. I think it is an important one. Last week it wasn't the Democratic Party, it wasn't the Republican Party, it was the American Academy of Actuaries that analyzed the George W. Bush proposal for Social Security. This is a group that is supposed to know their business when it comes to analyzing what policy changes would mean.  Here is what they said in their release of October 27: Bush's plan on Social Security would signal a return to Federal budget deficits around 2015.  How could that be good for America? How could it be good for us to go back to a deficit situation, adding to our national debt and drawing more money out of the economy to pay interest on it, raising interest rates, creating an inflationary spiral?  They went on to say:       Texas Governor George W. Bush's plan to cut taxes and      divert Social Security payroll taxes to establish individual      accounts would make it all but impossible to eliminate the      publicly held national debt.  