If you really believe in family values, is there a stronger family value than a son or daughter willing to sacrifice for an aging and ailing parent? If we are going to support family values with the Tax Code, shouldn't we include in that Tax Code some assistance for your friend and her situation? They would give $2,000 in tax breaks to Bill Gates, and he wouldn't even notice it. I am telling you, your friend will, as will a lot of other baby boomers across American who are caring for their parents. That is the difference. That is the choice. It really is a graphic choice.  If you look at this chart, there has been a suggestion that having surpluses at the Federal level must be easy, so anybody can do it, yet history tells otherwise. It wasn't until halfway through the Clinton-Gore administration that we finally turned the corner, and now we are generating the largest surplus in history. We are paying down America's debt for the first time.  Look at all the red ink that occurred under Ronald Reagan and President George Bush and the early years of the Clinton administration. We finally turned this corner in the belief we could do a $1.6 trillion tax cut for the wealthiest people and take $1 trillion out of the Social Security surplus and use it for some privatization scheme. Frankly, I don't think that is responsible. If I owe anything to the people of Illinois and this country, it is to maintain the economic growth and prosperity we have seen.  Let me mention one other point. Basic economics says Alan Greenspan's greatest fear is inflation. Every time he thinks we are moving toward inflation, what does he do? He raises interest rates a notch and slows things down. I can also say you can create inflation with government spending or tax reductions. Injecting $1.6 trillion into our Nation's economy through tax cuts will energize the economy and create inflationary pressure, forcing the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in response.  So George W. Bush gives a tax break on one hand and creates an economic circumstance that raises interest rates on the other. You get to take your new tax break and pay for a higher ARM, your adjustable rate mortgage on your home. There is no benefit to your family. There is a real benefit if you reduce the debt, the deficit of this country, and make sure our kids don't bear that burden.  