President, I totally support this resolution.  Could one imagine the Senate today debating education and ignoring the obvious? When the front-page headlines, news story after news story, remind us that mere infants now have access to handguns, that a 6-year-old can take a handgun to school and kill your son, your daughter, grandson, and granddaughter, is this America? Is this the best we can do? I think we can do a lot better.  Senator Boxer challenges this Senate to go on record when it comes to school safety. I support her completely. It is important to talk about how you pay for schools. It is important to talk about the qualifications of teachers and how many kids are in a classroom and whether you have access to the Internet. But the most important question is whether you can send that little child you love to school in the morning and expect them to come home safely at night. That is why this resolution is important. Before we start talking about the finer points of improving education, let us first dedicate ourselves to safety in classrooms across America.  I will support her resolution. It should receive a unanimous vote. Who in the world can stand here and say we should not be on record against the school violence we find taking place more and more every single day? A little later on in this debate, I will offer a specific grant program through the Department of Education to deal with school violence and gun violence.  Make no mistake about it, that 6-year-old didn't go out and purchase that handgun. Some adult failed in their responsibility. I don't know the circumstances; maybe we will never know the circumstances. But time and again, children are getting access to guns with tragic results. Many times, they take them down from the top shelf in the closet and play with them, either harming themselves or another classmate or another one of their friends who ordinarily visits the home. Then the sad stories when they take them to school. What we saw in Michigan is not an exception; it is happening more and more.  My wife and I decided early on never to have a firearm in the house as long as our kids were small. We just thought it was too dangerous. That was our family decision. But even though we made that decision, it didn't cross my mind until much later to really wonder what the parents of my kids' friends had decided. That happens, too. Your little boy or girl goes to the house next door to play, and you don't know what those kids are doing. How many times do you pick up the newspaper and read about kids playing with guns and one kid being injured? It happens too often.  In this case, we are finding more and more that kids are picking up these guns and carrying them to school, where they find victims in their classmates and teachers. This isn't an isolated situation. Those who want to dismiss it and say, come on, you are just responding to a single headline, ignore the obvious.  The U.S. Department of Education, in the 1997-98 school year, found that 3,930 children in schools across America were expelled for bringing guns to school. Almost 4,000 kids in that school year brought guns to school across America. I am glad to say that very few of them resulted in death, but think about the potential for disaster and tragedy.  I sincerely hope--and I mean this, though I fought the gun lobby and the National Rifle Association every step of the way--that for once they will have a heart and the good sense to support this resolution that says, as a matter of policy, before we talk about education and its future, we will talk about the safety of kids in the classroom.  Take a look at the language in this resolution. In the last 12 months, 50 people killed or injured in school shootings in America. Every day, on average, between 12 and 13 children under the age of 18 die from gunshots, from homicides, drive-by shootings, accidental shootings, and suicides.  America has made a decision. We have decided as a nation that people can own guns, legally, constitutionally; they have the right to do so. But make no mistake, an obligation comes with the ownership of those guns, not just to buy them, not just to buy the ammunition, not just to own them and use them for sport or hunting, but to store them safely.  I have introduced legislation called the child access prevention law. It says that, as with 17 States across America, the whole Nation should be held to a standard where gun owners keep their guns away from kids. It is not enough to put it on the top shelf in the closet or to put it in a drawer by the night stand because, mark my words, kids are always going to find Christmas gifts and guns no matter where we put them.  And any adult owner who believes they have hidden them and the kids will never find them ignores reality.  