President, I thank my colleagues, Senators Feinstein and Feingold, for joining me to speak about AIDS today. I might add there are others who were not able to be here because of scheduling problems.  I, too, have just returned from a trip to Africa. Let me say at the outset there are some who question the value of Congressional travel. I wish they would look at it from a different perspective. I think the Senators who spoke on the floor on this issue, Senator Feingold included, have benefited greatly from traveling to Africa, not just because we have seen firsthandthis epidemic and its devastation, but frankly because it is energizing. Seeing people, real people and their travails, their hardships because of this epidemic, causes many of us to dedicate ourselves to do something.  In an epidemic of such Biblical proportions as the AIDS epidemic in Africa, many of us are humbled, as we should be. I came back and met up with Senator Feingold, whom I know had a similar interest, and Senator Feinstein, who helped introduce the amendment which was discussed earlier, and I spoke with Senator Orrin Hatch, a Senator from Utah, who has a similar passion on this issue. I have spoken to Senator Bill Frist, a Senator from Tennessee, chairman of the Foreign Relations Subcommittee on African Affairs. I sincerely believe on this issue, more than any other issue, we should put party labels aside. I think we are dealing with not merely another political issue, and certainly not any political agenda; when we speak of AIDS in Africa we are dealing with a Holocaust without a Hitler. We are dealing with the greatest moral challenge of our time. Those are large statements, I understand. But as you listen to the statistics that have been noted in earlier debate about the epidemic, I do not believe I am overstating it at all.  Sub-Saharan Africa has been far more severely affected by AIDS than any other part of the world. Approximately 23 million adults and children are infected with HIV in that part of the world. They have about 10 percent of the world's population, 70 percent of the world's HIV-infected people. Though an estimated 13.7 million Africans have already lost their lives to AIDS, including 2.2 million who died in 1998, we are going to see these numbers increase dramatically.  This was my first trip to Africa. I tried to make an earlier trip with a Congressional delegation 10 years ago, and I was denied a visa by the South African Government. Those were the days of apartheid, and as a Congressman I had voted consistently against apartheid. They obviously had read my voting record and said they wanted me to stay home; they did not want me to visit their country.  Things have changed. Apartheid is over. There is majority rule in South Africa. Under the inspired leadership of Nelson Mandela and now President Mbeki, this country has a great future. They offered a visa and an invitation to come visit, and I did. I visited Kenya and Uganda as well.  I started out this trip thinking I would focus on issues I am familiar with such as food aid. I have been involved in agriculture and food assistance for as long as I have been in the House of Representatives and the Senate. I think these programs are so essential, where America takes its bounty and shares it with people who are hungry, people who are starving, around the world.  I also wanted to focus on microcredit. Ten years ago in Bangladesh, I learned of the Grameen Bank and similar microcredits that were producing miraculous results. These are small loans, $50, $100, $200, primarily to women to give them a chance to buy a cow or some chickens or some goats or some tools or to expand their stall at the marketplace. Mr. President, 98 percent of these microcredit loans are repaid. It is a wonderful program, and it elevates people to a much higher level in terms of their living standards.  So I went looking for food and microcredit programs, realizing I would be discussing the AIDS issue as part of it. I quickly came to the realization that AIDS is an issue which is overwhelming the continent of Africa. Every other issue takes second tier to the AIDS issue. That became the focal point of the trip.  The three countries we visited, South Africa, Kenya, and Uganda, represent such different attitudes and different approaches when it comes to the AIDS epidemic.  South Africa: I have a photo I took and have blown up. This is a rural health clinic in Ndwedwe, which is right outside of Durban, South Africa. This was a lovely young mother and her beautiful little boy who sat in the front row of this clinic which I visited.  Americans help this clinic stay open. Americans help this clinic have a nurse come in each day and have a doctor come in once a month. These villagers walk sometimes hours to bring their children and members of their families in for medical care.  This beautiful little boy, as you can see--maybe you cannot see on the television--has the traditional Zulu bracelet made out of hair. His mother has the scarring on the cheeks, which is part of the ceremony of the Zulu tribes. They invited me to this clinic to meet some of the people being served.  There was a lady sitting right behind this mother and child, and she came up to speak. When she stood up, you could tell she was nervous. She had on a T-shirt and, over that, a long-sleeved shirt. This was a few weeks ago, and it was very warm in South Africa at that time.  As she came forward, she was clearly nervous about speaking with us. She very calmly buttoned every button on her shirt all the way up to her neck. She stood in front of this assembled group, and she was very quiet. Then she said in Zulu: Unity, unity, unity, unity; in unity there is strength. Every time she said the word, the crowd answered her. Then she summoned her courage and told her story about how 2 years ago she was diagnosed with tuberculosis and has heart problems and may need surgery and how important this clinic is to her.  At the very end of her talk, she said: And I have AIDS, and I don't know what will happen to my children. And she started crying.  The man who was the master of ceremonies at this little gathering asked her to sit down on a bench next to me as she was crying. I reached up and put my arm on her shoulder, and this audience, wide-eyed, gasped that I would touch her. A doctor who traveled with us stood up and said to the people assembled on this porch: Do you see this? Do you see this American politician? He is touching her. You will not get this AIDS epidemic if you just touch someone.  That reflects the level of ignorance, the level of denial in South Africa about an epidemic that has reached and touched 4 million people out of some 40 million. They do not understand the basics.  In 1998 on World AIDS Day, a South African woman stood up and said: I have AIDS. She returned to her village that evening and was beaten to death because they believed that was how you could end the scourge.  The Chicago Tribune did an amazing series about the AIDS epidemic, one that I took out of the paper recently. They talked about another town in South Africa, Esidubwini, and they told a story about a lady, Thandiwe Mwandla, who was diagnosed with AIDS, and after the diagnosis, no one would buy her sugarcane, her bananas, her peaches. They would not buy anything she touched. She said at one point that her neighbors walked a broad circle around her. She had the stigma of AIDS. She said: We get sick, and we get poor, and we die lying to ourselves.  The Tribune wrote in this story what I consider to be a very inspiring paragraph:       Staring into the abyss of an incomprehensibly brutal      epidemic, it is plain how the 23 million people who live with      HIV in Africa can drift easily into numbing fatalism, or a      fierce, hardening shell of denial.  We saw that shell of denial in South Africa, a country which looks more like Europe than any other part of Africa, a country which accounts for 30 percent of the economy of sub-Saharan Africa, a country where many people are pinning their hopes that they see the rebirth of Africa in the 21st century. Yet, devastated by this disease, it has been unwilling to face it.  From there we went to Kenya. In Kenya, there is a different circumstance--some positive, some not so positive. First, this is a photo we took of this little fellow in a slum in Nairobi, Kenya. It is called Kibera. It is a squatters slum in the middle of the city. People from the rural countryside who cannot make a living pile into this slum. They squat, set up their huts, and try to create a life and existence.  I asked how many people live in this slum. They said: Somewhere between 500,000 and 800,000; we are not sure, it changes so quickly. There is virtually no sanitation, no water. It all has to be brought in. And there certainly is no health care.  Kenya is ravaged by AIDS as well. Sadly, for a long period of time they denied it. They did little about it. Justrecently there was an indication that they are going to start admitting it and dealing with it. This political denial is part of the problem, and we in the United States have to be part of the solution in convincing these governments in Africa that what is at stake is not just this little boy but the future of a continent.  From Kenya we went to Uganda, and thank God it was the last stop on the trip because what we saw in Uganda suggested to me that there is no reason to despair, we should keep our hope alive, there is a chance to deal with this epidemic.  The reason Uganda is so far ahead of many other Third World countries is an interesting story.  About 10 years ago, President Museveni of Uganda sent some of his Ugandan soldiers to Cuba to be trained to fight rebels in the countryside. After a few weeks, he received a message from the Cuban Government. They said: We are sending your soldiers home. Of course, his Government asked why. And they said: Because half your soldiers you sent to Cuba have HIV.  That was 10 years ago. It was stunning for them to realize that what they thought was an isolated disease now infected half of the military.  We met some of the soldiers--in fact, some were HIV positive--in each of these countries who have now come forward and dealt with this in a more open and forthright way.  When those soldiers came back from Cuba to Uganda, at about that same time, one of the more prominent figures in music in Uganda, a man by the name of Philly Lutaaya, announced publicly that he had AIDS. By going public and talking to the people of Uganda, he achieved, in many ways, what Magic Johnson achieved in the United States. He suddenly raised our eyes from our other life's undertakings to look straight into the eyes of someone whom we knew and admired and thought this would never happen to.  Uganda then set out on a program to reduce the incidence of HIV infection, and when they tested the pregnant women of that country, they found that 30 percent of them were HIV positive. They started pushing for abstinence, faithfulness, and condoms as an effort to reduce the incidence of HIV infection. Ten years later, they cut that down from 30 percent of pregnant women to 15 percent--a dramatic improvement. Yet, in this country of 17 million people, there are some 1.7 million AIDS orphans today.  If you travel around Uganda and see how they have dealt with this epidemic and the success they have achieved, you come to understand human nature and the strengths of people who are facing the worst possible outcome: an early death from an incurable disease.  We went to a clinic called The AIDS Support Organization, TASO. It started many years ago with a handful of people and has grown into tens of thousands of HIV-positive people who come there when they have a problem, when they are fighting off an infection. They do not have the AZT cocktail. They can never dream of that. Countries which spend $2, $3 per capita annually on public health cannot even imagine spending $1,000 to treat AIDS. It is beyond their comprehension.  How do they get by? With the basics: With some antibiotics to try to get through each infection. They talk about nutrition and improving their lifestyle, eliminating alcohol and all sorts of things to make them stronger so they can cope with these infections.  There is another element that is equally, if not more, important. At TASO, there is a choir, a group of about 30, who perform for those who visit. They are all men and women, mothers and fathers, who have AIDS themselves. They sing when you come by.  In Africa, it is not unusual that when you go to a group, they will sing, hello; when you leave, they sing, good-bye. When you are there, they sing about what they are thinking about. It is an African style that really grows on you.  But the TASO choir sang some songs they had written. Some of them are very basic--``When We Come Together We Feel Strong.'' This support group keeps the people going, day in and day out, to know that others suffer from this disease and that they can rely on one another for consoling and for strength. I am proud that the U.S. Government, through the US Agency for International Development, helps support this TASO clinic.  As I watched this choir and listened to them sing--and they were very good--I looked into their eyes and thought: There must be some anger or resentment about this.  There is almost a resignation to this disease, this HIV. One of the songs, which a young lady named Grace had written for the TASO choir is entitled ``Why Me?'' It just breaks your heart to hear them sing: ``Why me? Why him? Why her? Why you? Why me?"  We went to another project, which I think is a good investment, a support group called NACWOLA, the National Community of Women Living with AIDS. It is a group that counsels women with AIDS and children. They have a little house in which they come together and meet on a regular basis. They talk to one another and try to help one another.  They have a special project. It is called the ``Memory Book.'' Mothers sit down and try to write their life's story in this book, with family photos, and they talk about where they came from and who their parents were and experiences they have had. And they talk about their children because, you see, they want to leave these books for their kids, so that when they are gone--and they know that day is coming--their children will have this memory book to look at.  I sat on the porch there at the NACWOLA house in Kampala, Uganda, as two of the mothers, Beatrice and Jackie, read to me from their books. I realized then that I was in a nation that had turned into a hospice. These people were not crying. They were not angry. They were doing all they could do. They were trying to get by every day and leave a legacy for the kids who were playing in the yard.  The kids gathered around us and started singing. When they started singing, they talked about their future. They know their parents have AIDS. They know their lives are uncertain. They said: We hope we don't end up with cruel stepparents. We hope we don't end up on the streets. As they were singing, I looked behind me, and there were the mothers holding the Memory Books.  That is the state of Africa today. Some people ask: Why should we care? It is half a world away. We will never see these people. Of course, a lot of things have devastated Africa through the generations. I think there is more to the story.  The AIDS epidemic, most people believe, started in Africa. It is questionable when it started, but most people think it started there. It is now a worldwide epidemic. It is naive to believe that you can contain this kind of health problem and believe that it is not going to travel beyond other countries' borders.  Equally important, I think we understand, as Americans, one of the things that makes us different from some other people in the world is that we do care and we do try to make a difference. I think we can make a significant difference when it comes to this AIDS epidemic in Africa.  Let me tell you some of the things we can do and some of the things we are doing.  Senator Feingold talked about the medical research going on in Africa. It is not at the same level as medical research in the United States. You do not have drug companies that are inspired by huge profits and think if they can find the cure to AIDS they are going to make billions of dollars. That isn't going to happen. These folks are looking at medical research at a much different level.  At Mulago Hospital in Kampala, Uganda, they have a project underway where they are testing this drug, Nevirapine. Nevirapine has been mentioned on the floor a couple times. A dosage of this drug to a mother at the time she goes into labor, and then a dose to the baby, basically cuts in half the transmission of AIDS from mother to child. This is a simple drug, at $4 a dose, which can make a big difference. It is not likely to be a big seller in the United States because no drug company will get rich at $4 a dose. But it works. It appears to work very well.  Thank goodness the Centers for Disease Control--part of our Government--Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, and this hospital have come together. They are showing how it can make a difference.  They are looking for supplements to diet--for example, whether additional vitamin A can mean that a person with HIV can live longer and be healthier.  They are operating at a lower level because that is all they have to work with. It is a survivalist approach. But it is making life better and longer for a lot of people. It is working. We are helping it to work. I am glad the United States is part of that.  There is a woman who has become somewhat legendary. Anyone who has not seen this I hope will get a chance to see this Newsweek cover story: ``10 Million Orphans.'' It talks about the AIDS epidemic in Africa. Her name is Bernadette Nakayima, and she lives near Kampala, Uganda. She had 11 children. Ten of her children died of AIDS. They are buried on a hillside by their home. The one surviving daughter lives nearby.  This 69-year-old grandmother, after her 10 children died, brought in the orphans to her home. She has 35 orphans in her home. How does she get by? Well, according to the Newsweek story, at one point she did not think she could. She gathered all the children in a room and said: Close the doors and lock them. We're just going to starve to death here. We can't make it. But luckily somebody knocked on the door and said: Come out. We're going to try to help you. People are trying to help.  As I speak here on the floor today, Sandra Thurman, who is the head of the effort to deal with AIDS, is in the gallery. I was in Africa with her. She has visited Bernadette many times. She draws the same inspiration, as everyone who goes there, to think of the strength of this woman who, in advancing years, is trying to raise 35 grandchildren, one of whom, incidentally, is HIV positive.  How is she getting by? It points to another thing at which we should look; that is the fact that she is part of something called FINCA. FINCA is a microcredit program in Africa. Microcredit, as I mentioned earlier, is a small loan, primarily to women where they can dramatically improve their lives by having a little additional income.  Women like Bernadette are able to bring in AIDS orphans and help them lead normal lives in a family setting rather than on the streets.  One of the meetings I had with a FINCA group was in Lugazi, Uganda. I will not soon forget where we had the meeting. Our meeting of 20 women, who were coming to report on their loans and to seek additional credit assistance, took place in a little hut that a few days before had been a chicken coop. The chickens, who had been moved out of that coop to the adjoining room, squawked during the whole meeting. But these ladies were not going to be deterred by a few angry roasters. They were there to get on with the business. The business was borrowing money to improve their lives.  I asked one of the ladies: What have these microcredit loans meant to you? She said, through an interpreter: Because of these loans, my knees have gone soft. I had no idea what she was talking about. She explained. She said: Before I had microcredit, before I had more income, I used to have to crawl on my knees to my husband to beg for money for food for the children and to send the kids to school. Now I have some money. I don't have to crawl. My knees are going soft.  That story was repeated over and over again by the 20 women gathered there. I said: How many of you who are borrowing this money, by these small loans that make such a difference, have brought in AIDS orphans to your home? Half of them raised their hand--two children here, and four here, and six here. They had the wherewithal to do it.  In countries where people survive on 30 cents a day, it does not take much to dramatically improve the quality of life and keep these children within the extended family. It can help. It can work.  The second thing that is helping is food assistance. We are directing food assistance in areas where we know that we have serious problems with AIDS orphans. We need to do more in this regard.  I use these examples so that people who might otherwise want to throw up their hands and say: Well, it is a problem we should worry about, but how can we possibly address it if there are so many people victimized by it? There are things we can do, small things for a great nation to do, that can make a great difference, small things that can save lives and give families a chance.  I am going to introduce legislation today which is entitled: ``The AIDS Orphans Relief Act of 2000.'' It addresses microcredit to try to increase it as an effort to help AIDS orphans find homes and to increase food assistance for that same purpose.  This is not going to solve the problem, by a long shot. There is so much we need to do in the areas of research and prevention, creating an infrastructure for distributing the medicines that are available in Africa. I hope this will be one part of an agenda, that we can gather together and speak, as Senator Feingold and Senator Feinstein did, about the pharmaceutical side of it, address the larger issues that the World Bank might be able to help us with, through Senator John Kerry's bill and Congressman Jim Leach's bill, and invite all of the Members of the Senate to focus on this issue in a bipartisan fashion. I believe sincerely we can make a difference.  It has been said earlier that this devastating disease is lowering the life expectancy of people in Africa. You find, when you go to some countries, such as South Africa, that employers will hire two people for a skilled position because they know one is not going to survive. Those are the odds. That is what they are up against. It calls on us to focus on what we can do to help.  A little while ago we had a meeting of Democratic Senators not far from the floor, and Sandy Thurman, our AIDS director, was there, as well as a young woman named Rory Kennedy. She is the daughter of Robert Kennedy. She has been recognized for her skill as a producer of documentary films. She presented for us a 12-minute documentary film on the AIDS epidemic in Africa. It is a film she put together when she visited with a group not that long ago. It really does put in human terms what I am trying to say in words.  You see the faces of those little children. You see the trips to the graveyard to bury babies who have died because of HIV. You go down the road, as you would in Kampala, Uganda, and you notice the stalls of produce. Then at the end, you see the huge sign that says ``coffins.''  When I spoke to the Ambassador, Martin Brennan, he told of going to a village outside of Kampala and seeing in the town square stacks and stacks of coffins. It, unfortunately, is a big growth industry in Africa. It calls on us to address this in so many different ways.  Let me tell you another way that may not seem obvious that is part of this as well. While we were traveling in Uganda, we went to an agricultural research station. This is a station which brought together some ag research which the United States has supported for years. Cassava is a basic root crop used as a staple for the diet of many people in central and eastern Africa. Not that long ago, there was this virus that affected this crop and dramatically reduced it. People were going hungry and starving to death. Because of this research at this station they have found ways to end this so-called mosaic virus. People are now seeing this cassava grow, and they are once again feeding their families.  It was a little thing, lost in the budget of the Department of Agriculture, which means that millions have a chance to live. Some people will question ag research from time to time, even mock it. Yet we see day to day in Africa and in the United States that it pays off. This is a part of the world that has been ravaged by civil war, ravaged by famines as bad as the potato famine, ravaged by epidemic, now as bad as the bubonic plague, all of these things are coming down on central Africa like four horsemen of the apocalypse. They are coping with it every single day.  We need to do all we can to make sure that our country, working with other countries, can try to stop this crisis from getting any worse. The lessons we will learn in Africa will help us save lives there. It will help us take the message to other parts of the world, such as India and other parts of Asia, that are threatened with this epidemic. But there is something else we will learn. We will learn from the courage and compassion of the people wholive in this area that there is strength in the darkest hour.  I came back from this trip determined to do something. I hope that with this meeting today of several Senators on the floor of the Senate we can start this dialog. I think we cannot only reach across the aisle to my friends on the Republican side and share our feelings, but reach out beyond this Chamber and beyond this Government. I think we can reach out to churches across America.  I have written a letter to the Catholic bishops in my home State of Illinois. There, as a little boy growing up, I used to give pennies and nickels every day to the missions. It was something they did automatically in Catholic schools when you were growing up. I didn't know where that money was going. I barely knew what the missions were. But when I went to Sunday Mass at the basilica in Nairobi, Kenya, and saw 2,000 people, standing room only, I found out where that money went. It converted a lot of people to Catholicism, as the Anglican Church converted a lot of people to their religion. Now we have a chance to say to some of these religions, such as Catholicism and others: We made an investment in Africa at a time when they needed our help, and now they need it again. Can we bring together the religions of the United States that have focused on Africa and try to cope with this crisis?  The head of the National AIDS Commission in Uganda is a retired Catholic bishop. I think that says a lot. It says that they are crossing religious boundaries in an attempt to deal with this epidemic and this crisis.  When it comes to the security side of this issue, I have spoken about the military in Uganda, and I am afraid it is the case in so many other countries. They, too, are infected, and that is a source of concern for all of us. If your military cannot respond to a crisis in the country, it fosters instability. It creates security problems which reach far beyond that country, that may even involve the United States, as in the past 10 years we have been to Africa on peacekeeping missions, some with tragic results.  So if we can work, and I hope we can, through our skills and our military to help them cope with this disease in the ranks of the militaries in Africa, it is good for them and their countries. It is good for our world. I will be working with my colleagues to see if we can achieve that.  Let me close by thanking the Chair for this opportunity to speak. I have gone beyond the usual allotment of time. I thank the Chair for his patience in that regard. I hope in this session of Congress we can come together as they do at TASO in Kampala, Uganda, and find the strength and support to care for people halfway around the world, people perhaps of different color from some of us, but people who are our brothers and sisters.  I yield the floor.  