President, I join my colleague from Illinois in paying tribute to our fallen colleague, Senator Paul Coverdell.  I have been in the Senate for 4 years and have worked with many colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I agree completely with Senator Fitzgerald: Senator Coverdell brought to this floor a certain dignity and demeanor to which we all aspire. He was a person of good humor. I think it may be difficult for many people who follow the debates in the Senate to believe that a Democrat who believes very strongly in his party and a Republican who believes very strongly can be engaged in a hot debate on the floor of the Senate and then, as soon as the debate is over, meet each other in the corridor or the well or at another time and be friends. That was the case with Paul Coverdell.  We disagreed on many issues, but I never found him to be lacking a smile and always looking for some common ground where we might come together. The last conversation I had with him several weeks ago, he walked all the way across the floor to the Democratic side of the aisle and came right up to me. I was wondering what this could be.  He said: I need your help.  I said: What is it, Paul?  He said: I want to try to secure a gold medal for Ronald and Nancy Reagan; will you help me?  I know he was from Illinois. I said: Of course, I will.  I signed onto it. That is the kind of person he was. As different as we might be politically, he was always trying to reach out and find some common ground. I think when we get caught up so much in the political debate and the furor here, we  forget many times how important it is to have a person such as Paul Coverdell here to remind us time and again that after the debates are finished, we are all basically human beings trying to do our very best in the Senate.  I agree with my colleague from Illinois: It is hard to imagine that only a few days ago he was standing in the well and smiling and walking around as he always did as a member of the Republican leadership team and then stricken on Sunday, operated on on Monday and passed away. It is a sad day for the Senate.  I have noted, interestingly enough, today, as many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have come to the microphone, some have known Paul Coverdell for a long time. Some have known him in many different roles in life, some for a very short time. Everyone from both sides has a very positive take on what Paul Coverdell meant to each of us and meant to this institution.  It is a great loss, not only for the Senate but for the State of Georgia and for the Nation which he served in so many different ways so well.  I extend my sympathies to his wife Nancy and all his family and friends in this moment of grief. The Senate has lost a fine Senator. I am honored to have called him a friend.  