 President, the opponents of this bipartisan Medicare bill have made the claim that 6 million seniors are hurt by this bill. The other side has also claimed that 25 percent of seniors will be forced to pay more for their prescription drugs under this bill.  I want to be very clear that this is not accurate at all. I'm here to tell the American public the truth.  The truth is that 14 million lower income seniors and disabled Americans are benefited greatly by this bipartisan bill. These 14 million people will get very generous prescription drug coverage through Medicare in this bill.  First, as you can see on this chart, 7.8 million seniors and disabled Americans get full coverage with no deductible, no gap in coverage, and would pay only $2 for generic drugs and only $5 for brand name drugs. And if these seniors reach the catastrophic coverage limit, then they will get their prescriptions fully covered with no copays. That's right, no copays at all.  Next, as you can see on the chart, an additional 4.4 million lower income seniors will get even more generous coverage. These Seniors will pay only $1 for generic drugs and only $3 for brand name drugs. And if these seniors reach the catastrophic coverage limit, then they too will get their prescriptions fully covered with no copays.  In addition, some of these people are enrolled in both Medicare and Medicaid and are living in a nursing home--about 1.3 million of them. This bipartisan bill creates a special benefit for these people. For them, Medicare will cover 100 percent of the prescription costs. They pay nothing.  These groups of seniors in total represent 12.2 million seniors and disabled Americans.  The bill also provides coverage to about 2 million more lower income seniors and disabled Americans. These seniors have 85 percent of their drug costs covered after meeting a $50 deductible, and if they hit the catastrophic coverage limit, they would pay only $2 for generic drugs and $5 for brand-name drugs.  This is full coverage with no coverage gap and 85-98 percent of drug costs covered for about 14 million seniors and disabled Americans. That is about 36 percent of all Medicare beneficiaries.  That is what this bill does. It provides very generous prescription drug coverage through the Medicare program for about 14 million lower income seniors and disabled Americans. And it provides this full coverage to 8 million lower income seniors who have no coverage at all today.  On top of that, of course, this bill provides all beneficiaries with access to basic prescription drug coverage with protections against catastrophic drug costs. The average beneficiary who does not quality for the low income benefits I have just described will still have about half of their drug costs covered under this bill.  Finally, no one is forced into this drug benefit. It is a purely voluntary benefit. No one is forced to enroll and any senior or disabled American that does not see the drug coverage offered as a good deal for them does not have to enroll.  So this bipartisan bill before us does not harm seniors. That is an absurd charge to make by the opponents of this bill.  This bill provides an affordable, voluntary and universal drug benefit for all seniors and disabled Americans in this country. And it provides very generous coverage to those 14 million lower income beneficiaries.  It is time to put the partisan rhetoric aside and approve this bipartisan bill that the AARP calls ``an historic breakthrough and [an] important milestone in the nation's commitment to strengthen and expand health security for its citizens.  I yield the remainder of this half hour to Senator Domenici.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ensign). The Senator from New Mexico is recognized. He has 23 minute 20 seconds remaining.  