 He asked if I would do my speaking on that amendment at this point. I am very happy to do that.  I appreciate my friend's continued efforts to reform and reduce long term capital gain tax on real estate. And Senator Nickles is correct--by excluding 25 percent of the capital gain on the sale of property we reduce the effective capital gain rate on sales for conservation purposes.  However, that is not the purpose of the provision. We intend to preserve precious, environmentally sensitive land from ever being developed. I need not remind my fellow Senators that they are not making any more land and if we do not preserve sensitive wetlands and open space from development it will be lost forever and all of our children and grandchildren will suffer from our lack of responsibility.  Senator Nickles' amendment would literally make it easier to develop the very land we are attempting to preserve. That is certainly not the intent of this provision. I will be voting no and I strongly urge my fellow Senators to also vote no on Senator Nickles' amendment.  I would like to take a few minutes to review the long history of this important provision. As you all know, the President's budget has included this proposal. In all of his budgets, in fact, the President actually continues to propose the exclusion of 50 percent of the capital gain for the sale of property for conservation purposes. So by comparison, this 25 percent proposal is modest, but still addresses the President's priorities.  In addition, the Senate Finance Committee has a long history of building support. In both the 106th and 107th Congresses, we held hearings specifically discussing this proposal. We had witnesses from the forests of Maine to the wetlands of Louisiana and the ranches of Arizona. Besides, this effort brings about bipartisan support for the issue.  Not only have we heard huge support for this provision from all the traditional conservation organizations, like the Nature Conservancy and the Land Trusts and Iowa's own Heritage Foundation, but I know both I and Senator Baucus continue to receive very vocal support from the farmers and ranchers who populate our States. Both the Farm Bureau and the Cattleman's Association have let us know that this gives our citizens choices to stay on the land and yet preserve the open space.  The opportunity to give an easement, preserve our farm and ranch lifestyles and give up the right to ever develop the land is important public policy and I urge my fellow Senators to vote no on Senator Nickles' amendment.  