 I personally was somewhat astounded when we asked experts at the Congressional Budget Office, experts at the Office of Management and Budget, experts in the Department of Health and Human Services, how much time it would take to get this new prescription drug program underway. We were advised to start it in the year 2006.  In an ideal world, all seniors would have access to our comprehensive prescription drug benefit next year. But our plan, I am sorry to say, cannot go into effect until 2006. Therefore, we need to do something to help our seniors right now. Part of S. 1 does that. They have been doing it because seniors, as I am sure the Senator from New Jersey is trying to respond to, have been waiting a very long time for Congress to act and pass a prescription drug benefit, in the end, helping them with the tremendous costs they are paying for prescription drugs.  This obviously is not satisfying to the Senator from New Jersey who would like to get this plan underway much sooner. Because of the waiting period until the year 2006 to get the very comprehensive program underway, we included in our plan a temporary prescription drug discount card. This is a voluntary program that all seniors can partake of next year. It is available for an annual fee costing no more than $25. Since our low-income seniors need extra help, this fee would be waived. It provides for a 10-percentto 25-percent discount on all costs of prescription drugs. There are some seniors for whom even a 10-percent to 25-percent discount is still a hardship to purchase prescription drugs. So we have added to this for really low-income seniors to receive a $600 annual help in purchasing prescription drugs during this interim period of time, 2004 and 2005. They will be required to pay a minimal copayment of 10 percent when the spending of the $600 subsidy is in place. Spouses who receive the low-income benefit are also allowed to pool share their deposits.  When the comprehensive drug program begins January 1, 2006, the discount card program automatically ends. However, low-income seniors will be able to use their allotment of $600 until June 2006.  Almost 10 million Medicare beneficiaries with significant prescription drug needs will realize savings from this endorsement program. The Center for Medicare Services projects that the Medicare beneficiaries will save between $1.2 billion and $1.6 billion in the program the very first year.  As I said, I feel, not for reasons I like to give to my fellow Senators, that we cannot expect this comprehensive new prescription drug program for seniors, which happens to be the first major improvement in strengthening of Medicare since 1965, to go into effect. Maybe we can push and push and push, but this first major expansion of Medicare in 38 years ought to be carefully done and done right. Consequently, that is why we have deferred to the judgment of the Congressional Budget Office, Office of Management and Budget, as well as the Secretary of HHS. We have tried to compensate for the long period of phasing with the discount card and the $600 subsidy.  I wish I could do more. I wish I could vote for the Senator's amendment but I cannot. I ask my colleagues to vote against it.  I yield the floor.  