 These are honest, faithfully held ideas about the role of the Government in our society.  The alternatives my colleague from Iowa has given--tax cuts on the one hand, or spending money on the other hand--is exactly the point I have been trying to make of whether or not the resources of this country should go through the Federal Treasury and have 535 Members of Congress divide them up, keep taxes high in the process, or whether it is better to reduce taxes to create jobs and create the jobs by leaving the money in the hands of 110 million taxpayers making their own individual decisions; the dynamics of our free market system respond very well to that. Money that is spent by individuals or invested by individuals turns over in the economy many more times than it does if I make a decision on how that is spent.  Some believe, as evidenced by the recent speech, it is better to have higher levels of taxation, bring the money through the Federal Treasury and decide how to spend it. The other approach is that we will, as we do through this bill, give tax reduction with the taxpayers of this country deciding on investing and spending, or both, and enhancing the economy that way and creating jobs.  Another goal of this bill is to bring taxation of the people of this country within the band that it has been for about 50 or 60 years, of about 17 percent or 19 percent of the resources of this Nation coming to the Federal Government for us to finance programs and to make decisions on how that will be spent. About 17 to 19 percent of the gross domestic product has generally, over 40 years, been taxed. In recent years that has gotten as high as 21 percent, as high as it was in World War II, so the highest in peacetime history.  This tax bill, besides the motive of creating jobs, is to bring the level of taxation down so it falls within that historic band, based on two propositions. One is it is a level of taxation that has not been so high to be harmful to our economy and to our people, because our country has advanced tremendously well with the Federal Government operating within that band of deciding how to allocate 17 percent to 19 percent of our resources. The other is it is a level of taxation that has been accepted by the people of the United States.  Some of them would say it is still too high, but I guess I would have to say over the long haul I have not heard too much complaint about the level of taxation that has existed over that long period of time of 17 percent to 19 percent.  So I do not find fault with anything my colleague from Iowa said. He is expressing one very legitimate philosophy of government and the financing of that government and the distribution of resources and having that done by political decision. I am expressing another philosophy of government shared by some Democrats and hopefully by a lot of Republicans, that a level of taxation can get so high it hurts the economy, and the way to enhance the economy and grow the economy is to let people have a lower level of taxation.  Another way to say it is if we have any budget problems and any deficit problems, they are not related to the undertaxation of the American people. They are related to the overspending by the Congress.  Now we move on to another issue. But before I yield whatever time she might consume to the Senator from Maine, we are adopting policy with her amendment, in a bipartisan way, that is unrelated to the policy that is in the bill. That is because as chairman of the committee, responding to the people in my committee, both Republicans and Democrats, as well as responding to people outside the committee as represented by Senator Collins and Senator Nelson of Nebraska, there was a desire to have more people involved with the policy of how to meet the needs of the States through some State aid. So we have deliberately left kind of a vacuum in this legislation that is now going to be filled by the good work of Senator Collins and Senator Nelson off the committee, and by Senator Rockefeller and others on my committee. I commend them for their hard work.  There is an awful lot of compromise that has gone into this product and I am proud to be affiliated with this product. But the product is not mine, because it was my determined effort to leave it to people who have worked on this issue for about 2 years now. For about 2 years people have been promoting this concept. I compliment them for their stick-to-it-iveness. Tonight proves that hard work pays off.  