  There are three big problems with Senator Biden's amendment. One is substantive and two are procedural. Before I go into the problems with Senator Biden's amendment, I will say that I agree with everybody's concern, including his, about the size of the package and the concern that we should have about the Federal deficit. Hopefully, as the economy grows--and the last figures indicate it is growing now at 3.4 percent--Federal revenues will return then to their average levels of 18 to 19 percent of the gross domestic product, which is an average of over the last 60 years, and we will close the gap.  I also point to the fact that there are really two sides to the Federal ledger. One is the revenue side; that is, what comes in from the taxes paid by our factory workers, office workers, and farmers from across the America. The other side of the ledger is the spending side of the ledger, the appropriations bills by the Congress of the United States.  My friends on the other side of the aisle, as Senator Biden's amendment shows, are zeroing in exclusively on the tax side. They look only to the taxpayers to put our fiscal house in order. I agree with the goal of reducing the deficit. I disagree that it is appropriate to look at only one side as if what is wrong with America and what is the cause of the deficit is that American taxpayers are undertaxed and that in no way Congress overspends. Indeed, the Finance Committee approved a bill yesterday that included $55 billion in revenue offsets. So Republicans have been willing to exercise fiscal discipline, especially when it comes to closing corporate loopholes and curtailing tax shelters.  I ask the full Senate, who was the last Democrat to propose any savings on the spending side of the ledger? I do not recall a single spending cut being proposed by those on the other side of the aisle. Maybe back in the mid-1990s, but we would have to go back many years.  All I see, and Senator Santorum makes this clear with his spendometer chart, is spending increases. So if those on the other side want to claim to be fiscal disciplinarians, let us see entries on the spending side of the ledger in order for there to be credibility. We cannot just go to the American people and ask for more tax money.  Let me also say that I am concerned about the degree to which taxpayers are financing reconstruction in Iraq on a blank check basis. I first raised this concern almost a year ago. We ought to be very careful about the structure of this aid package. Maybe it should be a loan or have some equity interest for the taxpayers.  Now I would like to turn to Senator Biden's amendment. Let us go to the substantive problems first. Senator Biden is seeking to offset the President's $87 billion request with a tax increase. For 2001, the top rate was reduced to 38.6. For 2003, the top rate was reduced to 35 percent. Senator Biden's amendment would raise the top rate to 38.2 percent. The premise of Senator Biden's position seems to be that taxpayers in the top bracket are solely Park Avenue millionaires, clipping coupons and enjoying life. Well, the facts show quite differently.  According to the Treasury Department, about 80 percent of the benefits of the top rate go to small businessowners, people who create 80 percent of the new jobs in America. For the first time in many years, because of our tax bills, we have that top rate down to 35 percent, which is the very same as Fortune 500 companies. Senator Biden's amendment would restore a 10-percent penalty against small business, 38.2 percent, as opposed to 35 percent now for small business, the same as corporations.  I do not quarrel with the notion that taxpayers in the top bracket make incomes starting in the range of around $350,000 to $400,000. A lot of these successful small businessowners make those figures. But keep in mind that figure represents the total net income of those small businesses. Successful small businesses are those that purchase the equipment and hire thosenew workers that I referred to as 80 percent of the new jobs.  I ask my friends on the other side of the aisle who are eager to raise taxes--they are reluctant to cut spending and eager to increase spending--to focus on the negative effects of their policy on small business. Small business creates many jobs. Why at this time, with high unemployment, would we want to raise taxes on the folks who create 80 percent of the new jobs?  Just yesterday, the Finance Committee, on a 19-2 vote, reported a bill designed to cut the top marginal rate for small business manufacturers to 32 percent. Senator Biden's amendment would go the other way and hammer our small business manufacturers.  Now, let's discuss the two procedural problems.  The first procedural problem is also constitutional. Under the Constitution, revenue measures must originate in the House. Senator Biden's amendment is a tax increase. It is a clear case of a revenue measure. The Ways and Means Committee has indicated the House will exercise its Constitutional prerogative and ``blue slip'' this bill if it contains Senator Biden's amendment. A blue slip kills this bill. We go back to square one. A vote for the Biden amendment is a vote to stop aid to our troops. It is a vote to stop aid to the Iraqi people at a critical time.  Let me repeat that point. A vote for the Biden amendment is a vote against aid to our troops. A vote for the Biden amendment is a vote against assistance to the Iraqi people.  From my own perspective, as chairman of the Finance Committee, I have to warn members of our committee that the Biden amendment raises a fundamental tax issue on an unrelated bill. The Biden amendment treads on Finance Committee's jurisdiction. Every Finance Committee member should oppose Senator Biden's amendment on that basis alone. But, most importantly, this amendment is a reckless attack on our economic recovery and I strongly urge its defeat.  I ask Senators to defeat the Biden amendment and not increase taxes on small business.  