 President, I am going to offer a modification in just a minute. We are going to wait for our staff to come and present the exact language which we will use in the unanimous consent request.  Before we do that, I have not had the opportunity to express my appreciation to the entire Senate for Senator Baucus's cooperation in bringing the bill here, and for everything we have done in order to bring a bipartisan bill here which was voted out of a committee on a 16-5 vote.  In other speeches, I have talked about people who have been working on this issue, such as Senator Breaux with the Breaux Commission. I have talked about the tripartisan people who worked over the last 2 years to bring a bill before the Senate last year, all of which set the stage for some of the subject matter we have before us. Senator Baucus and I hope we will have a continuation of the bipartisanship that has been expressed so far in that vote.  But I haven't had a chance to tell the Senate of my appreciation to Senator Baucus in working both at the staff level and his staff--meaning the Finance Committee staff on the Democratic side, and the Finance Committee staff on the Republican side--doing a lot of nitty-gritty work to bring things together with a consensus that can be arrived at at the staff level, but, more importantly, a lot of the things Senator Baucus and I had to work out.  When it was all said and done, it was a very pleasant experience. I don't say that because of the relationship Senator Baucus and I have, but it is because of a continuation of the tradition of the Senate Finance Committee to do most of its business--albeit not all of its business--in a bipartisan way.  We would not have an issue before us like this--and a lot of other issues that have come out of the Senate Finance Committee--without that sort of cooperation.  I think this deserves a little more special attention of bipartisanship and Senator Baucus's cooperation. This is the first major expansion of Medicare in 35 years. This is something that candidates of both political parties have talked about the necessity of doing--providing prescription drugs for seniors.  There is something which is very much of an issue to Montana and to Iowa and to a lot of other States we call rural States. There is an inequity issue within Medicare reimbursement.  Working very closely with Senator Baucus last year to establish a Baucus-Grassley bill on Medicare rural equity, then moving this year to adopt the one earlier on a tax bill and duplicating that effort in this prescription drug bill was all done in a bipartisan way. You can only say it so many times, but I don't think you can say it enough either, because people think the Senate is always a highly partisan body. Sometimes we are too highly partisan. Sometimes it is OK to be partisan, I believe, in our system of government. But really nothing gets done in the Senate if there isn't some bipartisan cooperation. Obviously, I take this opportunity to thank Senator Baucus for that cooperation.  We still have not had that agreement presented to us yet. I am going to ask Senator Baucus if we should let Senator Craig go ahead and speak for his 15 minutes before we lay down our amendment.  