S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Steven Colloton is an outstanding individual with an extensive record of public service and impressive legal career. I am glad that the Senate is finally voting on this nomination.  Steve Colloton is an Iowan, born in Iowa City. He graduated from Princeton University and Yale Law School. He served as a law clerk to Judge Laurence Silberman on U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, and then as a law clerk to the Honorable William Rehnquist, Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Subsequently, Steve Colloton worked as an attorney with the Office of legal Counsel at the Justice Department and than as an assistance U.S. attorney in the Northern District of Iowa for 8 years, with a brief detail as an associate independent counsel in the Office of Independent Counsel. From 1991 to 2001, he was partner at a law firm in Des Moines, IA.  After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Steve Colloton returned to government service and was unanimously confirmed by the Senate to the position of U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa. There he has focused his efforts on combating crime and enforcing drug laws, as well as fighting terrorism. He has done a great job serving our country as an Iowa U.S. Attorney.  In addition, Steve Colloton has many strong supporters. Twenty-seven past presidents of the Iowa State Bar wrote that ``the exceptional quality of Mr. Colloton's experience, together with its relevance to this position, uniquely qualifies him to represent Iowa on the United States Court of Appeals.''  Members of the Polk County Chiefs of Police and Sheriff's Association wrote, ``Steve Colloton is the right choice for the Eighth Circuit Court Judge position, and we fully endorse President Bush's nomination.'' Even people who have worked on the other side of Steve Colloton think very highly of him. George Collins, the attorney for Jim Guy Tucker, wrote, ``I am convinced Steve Colloton is an honorable man, and that, when cases come before him, he will call them as he sees them. . . . I believe that his case will be decided on the law, and, to the extent applicable, the facts. . . .'' These quotes show just how much confidence people have that Steve Colloton will make a good Eighth Circuit judge.  Steve Colloton has all the right qualifications to be a Federal judge. He is a bright lawyer with tremendous legal experience and who is well respected by his peers. He is a man who will follow the law and have a healthy respect for case precedent. He understands that the role of a judge is to interpret the law, rather than create it. Steve Colloton will make an excellent judge on the Eighth Circuit, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting his nomination.  