 Estrada's nomination claim that he has not answered questions or produced documentation, and so he should not be confirmed to the Federal bench. I can think of a number of Democratic nominees who did not sufficiently answer question that I submitted to them, but that did not lead me to filibuster. As far as I know, Mr. Estrada has answered all questions posed to him by the Judiciary Committee members.  His opponents claim that he has refused to hand over certain in-house Justice Department memoranda. What actually is happening is that the Democrats on the Judiciary Committee have requested that the Department of Justice submit to the Committee, internal memoranda written by Miguel Estrada when he was an attorney in the Solicitor General's Office. These internal memos are attorney work product, specifically appeal, certiorari, and amicus memoranda, and the Justice Department has rightly refused to produce them.  The Department of Justice has never disclosed such sensitive information in the context of a Court of Appeals nomination. These memoranda should not be released, because they detail the appeal, certiorari and amicus recommendations and legal opinions of an assistant to the Solicitor General. This is not just the policy of this administration, the Bush administration, a Republican administration. This has also been the policy under Democratic Presidents.  The inappropriateness of this request prompted all seven living former Solicitors General to write a bipartisan letter to the Committee to express their concern regarding the Committee's request and to defend the need to keep such documents confidential. The letter was signed by Democrats Seth Waxman, Walter Dellinger, Drew Days III and Republicans Ken Starr, Charles Fried, Robert Bork and Archibald Cox. The letter notes that when each of the Solicitors General made important decisions regarding whether to seek Supreme Court review of adverse appellate decisions and whether to participate as amicus curiae in other high profile cases, they:       relied on frank, honest and thorough advice from [their]      staff attorneys like Mr. Estrada . . .  and that the open exchange of ideas which must occur in such a context       Simply cannot take place if attorneys have reason to fear      that their private recommendations are not private at all,      but vulnerable to public disclosure.  The letter concludes that       Any attempt to intrude into the Office's highly privileged      deliberations would come at a cost of the Solicitor General's      ability to defend vigorously the United States litigation      interests, a cost that also would be borne by Congress      itself.  The Democratic committee member's request has even drawn criticism from the editorial boards of the Washington Post and Wall Street Journal. On May 28, 2002, in an editorial entitled ``Not Fair Game'' the Washington Post editorialized that the request       For an attorney's work product would be unthinkable if the      work had been done for a private client. . . . [and] legal      advice by a line attorney for the federal government is not      fair game either.  According to the Post editorial       . . . In elite government offices such as that of the      solicitor general, lawyers need to speak freely without      worrying that the positions they are advocating today will be      used against them if they ever get nominated to some other      position.  On May 24, 2002, the Wall Street Journal in an editorial entitled ``The Estrada Gambit'' also criticized the request, calling it ``one more attempt to delay giving Mr. Estrada a hearing and a vote.'' The Journal further criticized the Committee's request in a later editorial, entitled ``No Judicial Fishing'', calling the request ``outrageous'' and noting that the goal of the request ``is to delay, trying to put off the day when Mr. Estrada takes a seat on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.''  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that these two editorials also be printed in the Record after my statement.  