  I would like to take this opportunity to set the record straight.  The conference report contains a number of significant reforms to lower the cost of prescription drugs for not just Medicare beneficiaries, but for all Americans.  This bill provides immediate relief to 40 million Medicare beneficiaries by providing a discount drug card starting in April 2004.  The voluntary drug card program will save beneficiaries an average of 10 to 25 percent on the cost of their prescription drugs. Beneficiaries will have the choice of at least two Medicare-endorsed drug discount cards.  The drug discount program included in the Medicare Prescription Drug and Modernization Act also provides low-income beneficiaries with an additional subsidy of $600 to help with the costs of their prescription drugs.  This program provides immediate relief to Medicare beneficiaries now paying extremely high prices for their prescription drugs.  This bill also lowers the price of prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries, by eliminating the Average Wholesale Price, AWP, paid for prescription drugs.  This provision significantly reduces the prices that Medicare and many private insurers pay for physicians-administered drugs.  Under this agreement, Medicare reimbursements will now be based on actual prices paid by physicians, rather than fictitious numbers reported by manufacturers, providing a ripple effect lowering the cost of prescription drugs for not just Medicare beneficiaries but individuals in the private market.  The conference report also contains a ``non-interference'' provision that will protect patients and deliver lower prices through market competition.  The conference bill specifies that the Government ``may not interfere with the negotiations between drug manufacturers and pharmacies and PDP sponsors'' and ``may not require a particular formulary or institute a price structure.'' It is right here on page 53.  Opponents claim that this provision, which originated with Democratic proposals, is a concession to the pharmaceutical industry. That is plain wrong.  The noninterference provision is at the heart of the bill's structure for delivering prescription drug coverage through market competition that gets a good deal for consumers, rather than through price fixing by the CMS bureaucracy. As CMS Administrator Tom Scully explained in the November 21, 2003 issue of the Washington Post, if Medicare negotiated prices, ``I wouldn't be negotiating; I'd just be fixing the price. Let's get seniors organized into big purchasing pools that get bulk discounts and see how they fare.''  Ironically, this provision was created by the Democrats and first appeared in May 2000 in a bill sponsored by Senator Daschle and 33 Democratic cosponsors. In June 2000, Mr. Stark included the same language in his motion to recommit H.R. 4680. That motion received the support of 203 Democrats and Mr. Sanders.  The provision protects patients by keeping the Government out of decisions about which medicines they will be able to receive. Under this section, CMS will not be able to dictate that drugs must be excluded from a PDP formulary or subjected to reimbursement limits that effectively deny access.  The bill relies on market competition, not price fixing by CMS, to deliver the drug benefit. The bill's entire approach is to get seniors the best deal through vigorous market competition, not price controls.  CBO scores the bill's approach of relying on at-risk private sector plans to deliver the prescription drug benefit as getting a higher cost management factor for Medicare than bills where private sector competition is handicapped by Government. The noninterference provision protects this approach, by preventing politicians and bureaucrats from getting into the middle of the very negotiations that drive these savings.  Private plans have strong incentives under the bill to negotiate the best possible deals on drug prices, because they are at risk for a large part of the cost of the benefit. They also will have the market clout to obtain large discounts. By driving hard bargains, they will be able to offer lower premiums and attract more enrollees.  The alternative is a command-and-control system that would not be responsive to consumer desires or marketplace realities. Bureaucrats would swing between adding benefit requirements without a means of paying for them and restricting choices and access in an effort to contain costs. This bill wisely rejects that approach. The noninterference provision is the fundamental protection against it.  Finally, the conference report lowers the cost of drugs for all Americans by reforming the Hatch-Waxman drug pricing laws.  The agreement will speed the process of allowing generic drugs to come to market, which will significantly reduce drug prices.  The agreement will provide brand drug companies only one 30-month stay on the approval or a generic competitor.  Generics would be forced to forego their 180-day generic exclusivity if they do not bring a product to market within a specified time period.  These reforms are the most aggressive since Hatch-Waxman laws took effect in 1984.  These reforms have also earned the strong endorsement of the Generic Pharmaceutical Association and dozens of allied groups who are advocates of increased generic usage and low drug prices.  So to my colleagues who say there is nothing in this bill to lower drug prices, they are not talking about this bill.  My friend and colleague on the Finance Committee, Senator Baucus, has come to the floor. He is primarily responsible for the legislation that is before us because he has been very willing to work in a bipartisan way to get things done. We would not be here today if it was not for the hard work of Senator Baucus, the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, and a person with whom I can work very well.  I yield the floor.  