 President, I thought I would read at least the last paragraph by President George Bush.       I will support the increased Medicare funding for rural      providers contained in your amendment--  Meaning the Grassley amendment--     as a part of a bill that implements our shared goal for      Medicare reform.  What the President is talking about in this letter is just exactly what we have before the Senate--the same amendment included in this prescription drug bill on rural equity that passed the Senate 86 to 12 a month ago.  We have the prescription drug bill and the Medicare reform bill before us. These two are married up at a point that the President's letter refers to.  I want people to know that including this is something I discussed with the President on at least two occasions before his May 22 letter to me. One time in early December when the President asked me to come to the White House to discuss early on the process for moving this legislation along, I had an opportunity to remind him at that particular point about the speech he gave in August 2002 in Davenport, IA, during a political event at which he appeared for Congressman Nussle of Iowa. The President rightly complimented Congressman Nussle for leading efforts in the other body to help rural equity. I reminded the President that the short reference he gave in his otherwise long speech was used by Congressman Nussle in his TV ads in eastern Iowa during last fall's election. I wanted the President to be reminded that all Iowa heard him--not just a few Republicans at the Nussle campaign event in August--but all Iowans heard him throughout the fall campaign with parts of his speech being reproduced on this campaign ad.  I also had an opportunity early in April to talk to the President when the President once again visited with me about provisions of the prescription drug bill. He makes reference to that in the second paragraph of the letter. He said:       When we met in the Oval Office in early April, we discussed      our concerns that rural Medicare providers needed additional      help, and we committed to addressing their problems. We      agreed on the need to address issues faced by rural      hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, home health agencies,      and physicians.  The President is well aware of his communicating this directly to the people of Iowa even before I had my discussions with the President on these issues. I am glad the President is committed to fulfilling his statement to the people of Iowa that he made last summer.  This rural health care safety net is otherwise coming apart. That is why this rural equity issue is so important. The bill before the Senate begins to mend it. The hospitals and home health agencies in rural America lose money on every Medicare patient they see. Rural physicians are penalized by bureaucratic formulas that reduce payments below those of their urban counterparts for the very same service. Our bill takes historic steps toward correcting geographic disparities that penalize rural health care providers. I will summarize some of these.  On hospitals, we eliminate the disparity between large urban hospitals and small urban hospitals, as well as rural hospitals, by equalizing the inpatient-based payment. The hospitals in my State and other rural areas are paid 1.06 percent less on every discharge. That is a $14 million loss every year just for my State. It is time to make this change permanent.  We also revised the labor share of the wage index in the inpatient hospitals. The wage index calculation kills our hospitals in rural areas. They have to compete with larger hospitals in bigger cities for the same small pool of nurses and physicians. But because of the inequities in the wage index, they aren't able to offer the kinds of salaries and benefits that attract health care workers in cities.  Our bill begins adjusting the labor-related share downward to correct these inequities. We strengthen and improve the Critical Access Hospital Program which has been so successful in keeping open the doors of some of our most remote hospitals.  I think in my State of Iowa, almost a third of our hospitals have changed to what we call ``critical access hospitals.''  Also, in this bill, we create a low-volume adjustment for those critical access hospitals and for other rural hospitals that aren't able to qualify for the Critical Access Hospital Program.  These hospital corrections are not partisan rhetoric. They are supported by the nonpartisan Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, by the Center for Medicare Systems Administrator--and he did that in a recent letter to the House Ways and Means Committee--and also by 31 bipartisan members of the Senate Rural Health Caucus.  For doctors, our bill removes a penalty which Medicare imposes on those who choose to practice in rural States. Medicare adjusts payments to doctors downward based on just where they live. We believe the value of the physician service is the same regardless of where that doctor may live. Medicare doesn't recognize that. Our bill begins to change that.  Our bill also provides assistance to other rural health care providers such as ambulance services, and home health agencies which millions of seniors in rural areas rely on every day.  Providers in rural States such as Iowa practice some of the lowest cost, highest quality medicine in the country. This is widely understood by researchers, academics, and citizens of those States, but it surely isn't recognized by Medicare. Medicare, instead, rewards providers in high-cost, inefficient States with bigger payments that have the perverse effect of incentivizing overutilization of services and, in the end, giving poor quality.  These policies are paid for, not by taking resources away from the prescription drug package or by taking money away from those high-cost States but by other modifications to the Medicare Program that makes just plain, good policy sense.  These rural health care provisions are a fair and balanced approach to improving equity in rural America. My colleagues on the Finance Committee--a lot of them from these same rural States--recognize that. And I think on this vote we had a month ago I can say that the full Senate recognizes that.  I would speak last about the Medicare Advantage or the preferred provider organization parts of our legislation. Because beyond prescription drugs, and beyond the issue of rural health care, our bill goes to great lengths to make better benefits and more choices available for our seniors. In fact, one of the things that has been a focal point of this legislation over the 2 or more years we have adopted it has been to give seniors the right to choose.  Mr. President, I see that you are rapping the gavel. Can you tell me what that is all about?  