 I wanted to give equal treatment to the President, as I did the Senator from New Jersey and vice versa.  One of the aspects of this legislation that is misunderstood is the issue of health savings accounts, which is a new name for what people hear Congressmen talk about as medical savings accounts, only different in name, particularly, as it relates to people in my State, the benefit to farmers and small business people.  This bipartisan agreement includes these provisions establishing health savings accounts. I will refer to them as HSAs.  HSAs are tax-advantaged savings accounts that can be used to pay for medical expenses incurred by individuals, their spouse, or dependents. HSAs are similar to medical savings accounts. However, medical savings account eligibility has been restricted to employees of small businesses and the self-employed. HSAs are open to everyone with a high deductible health insurance plan. The only limitation on the health plan is that the annual deductible must be at least $1,000 for individual coverage, and $2,000 for family coverage. Contributions to the HSA by an employer are not included in the individual's taxable income. Contributions to an individual are tax deductible.  Total yearly contributions to an HSA can be as large as the individual's health insurance plan deductible, between $1,000 and $5,000 for self-coverage, and $2,000 and $10,000 for family coverage.  The interest in investment earnings generated by this account is also not taxable while in the health savings account. Amounts distributed are not taxable as long as they are used to pay for qualified medical expenses such as prescriptions, over-the-counter drugs, and long-term care services, as well as the purchase of continued health care coverage for the unemployed individual. That is legislation we passed a long time ago called COBRA.  Amounts distributed which are not used to pay for qualified medical expenses will be taxable, plus an additional 10-percent tax being applied in order to prevent the use of HSAs for nonmedical purposes. These accounts are portable, so an individual is not dependent on a particular employer to enjoy the advantages of having an HSA, low-income individual retirement account. The HSA is owned by the individual, not by the employer, and if theindividual changes jobs, the HSA goes with the individual.  In addition, individuals over age 55 may contribute extra contributions to their accounts and still enjoy the same tax advantage.  In 2004, an additional $500 can be added to the HSA. By the year 2009, an additional $1,000 can be added to the HSA.  In regard to this legislation before the Senate beyond the health savings accounts, I point out what a great prescription drug benefit structure we have. First and foremost, it is important to point out that this is a voluntary program. If you currently have drug coverage and you like it, you can keep it or, if you do not have drug coverage and do not want it, you do not have to take it. If you are covered by Medicare fee for service today, and you are satisfied with it, you can stay right where you are.  This drug benefit also offered through Medicare will be a comprehensive benefit that will provide real relief for our seniors. Seniors that now pay full retail price could see a 25-percent reduction in their prescription spending. Additionally, these seniors' overall out-of-pocket drug spending could fall by as much as 77 percent. This is real relief for real people, not some hypothetical.  To provide relief to all seniors, the drug benefit is based upon income level. It is quite simple. Those who need more help because they are low income will receive more help under this program.  We divide this up according to the levels of poverty under the official poverty indexes of the Federal Government.  For those individuals and couples who are above 150 percent of the Federal poverty level, they can expect to see a monthly premium of $35, an annual deductible amounting to $250, a 75-25 percent cost-sharing up to a payment of $2,250, and a true out-of-pocket catastrophic cap at $3,600.  Additional benefits, including help with both the premium and initial cost-sharing, are targeted to seniors with income levels below 150 percent of the Federal poverty level. These subsidies will be available at increasing levels for those between 135 and 150 percent of the poverty index, and those between 100 and 135 percent. And then there is still another category of greater help for those below 100 percent of poverty.  I will explain how this differs for each of these categories. First, for individuals who are 135 to 150 percent of poverty, this group would have a $50 deductible, sliding-scale premium assistance, and 15 percent cost-sharing up to the benefit limit of $2,250, and $2 or $5 cost-sharing above the catastrophic level--$2 meaning for generic, $5 for brand-name drugs.  For individuals who are below 135 percent of the poverty index, they would have no deductibles, no premiums, $2 and $5 cost-sharing up to the catastrophic limit, and no cost-sharing after the catastrophic level has been reached.  Now, we go to the neediest of our seniors, the dual eligibles, those who are presently low income and getting help not only from Medicare but from the State Medicaid Program. They currently have their drug costs paid for by the Medicare Program that differs a little bit from State to State based upon the laws of those States.  Our conference report calls for Medicare to pick up the cost of their prescription drugs. Most of this population will have a $1 and $3 cost-sharing up to the cost-sharing limit, and then, after that, no cost-sharing on the catastrophic. Now, that $1 and $3, again, is generic for the $1, and $3 for the brand-name drugs.  By providing coverage to all seniors based on income levels, you can see that the number of individuals with no prescription drug coverage will fall from 24 percent in the year 2002 to 2 percent in the year 2009.  Now let's make it clear. About over half of individuals today have some prescription drug coverage--some very good, some not so good--and then 25 percent, maybe 30 percent have nothing. Now, we expect this to go down under this program to just 2 percent of our population, after 3 years of phase in.  Mr. President, 98 percent of the seniors receiving prescription drug coverage in 2009 will receive it from privately insured plans. Moreover, 33 percent of the beneficiaries will get their prescription drug coverage from integrated private plans, three times the rate in 2002.  Additionally, seniors will see immediate benefits with discount drug cards. These are going to be available in the middle of next year, and through all of the year 2005. Then, after the year 2005, the new program, in its entirety, kicks in. So the discount drug card is for an interim period of time while it takes the Department of HHS a period of time to set up what we are going to pass tomorrow. These discount drug cards will pass on between 15 and 25 percent of savings on seniors' current drug prices.  It is clear to see that the conference agreement has come a long way since we passed this bill in this body the first time in June. Many of my colleagues wanted a lower deductible. We have a lower deductible. Other colleagues were more concerned with getting the dual eligibles' drug costs out of the Medicaid Program and covering everybody by Medicare. We have done that as well.  So this is a good, solid drug benefit that will provide real relief to all seniors. Not only is this a good bill, with a good benefit, this bill provides an incentive for employers not to drop their retiree coverage.  Because there has been so much misinformation about corporations dropping employees, and since we have gone to such great strides in the conference report to overcome that problem and reduce that possibility, I want to spend some time on that and make clear that what we did in this respect--I think it is fair for me to say that the conference report, the compromise between the House bill and the Senate bill, is very much better than either the Senate bill, when it passed in June, or the House bill, when it passed the other body in June. So I would make these comments about whether or not employers are going to drop coverage of their retirees.  Now, we have heard a lot from opponents of this historic bipartisan effort alleging that this bill will cause employers to drop their retiree health coverage. But one thing these opponents do not do is tell the people the whole story.  So as Paul Harvey says, the rest of the story and the reality is that employers have been dropping retiree coverage for years.  As you can see from this chart, there has been a gradual decline in the number of corporations providing coverage for their retirees. Since 1991, the number of larger employers offering health coverage to their retirees has dropped by nearly 20 percent, from 80 percent down to 61 percent.  This chart shows what we have been seeing in our States and hearing from our constituents. So employers have been dropping coverage for their retirees, and this has already been going on for more than a decade.  We know these days employers are finding it harder and harder to continue voluntarily providing health insurance coverage for their retirees.  That is why we in the Medicare conference worked diligently--put resources behind it--to help employers continue providing coverage for retirees, not just to be nice to the retirees but to be nice to the taxpayers because it is a heck of a lot cheaper to keep these retirees in their corporate plans than have them go on our plan.  That is our goal. Let me make it very clear; we have done a very good job of accomplishing that goal.  So let me tell you the three important ways we have done it.  First, the bill provides a 28-percent subsidy for the prescription drug costs for retirees so they will continue providing this coverage. That is about $750 per retiree, but that is just on average because every corporation has a different plan.  Second, we exclude this retiree subsidy from the Federal corporate tax. This dramatically increases the value of this subsidy for retiree coverage and helps the employer continue offering this coverage.  Third, the bill provides additional flexibility for employers to structure plans that complement Medicare's new drug benefit.  Overall, the conferees agreed to put $89 billion in this bill to protect retiree health coverage.  This funding makes it more likely--obviously not less likely--that employers will continue their retiree benefits. I think I ought to emphasize what $89 billion happens to be. That is 20 percent of all the money we are putting in this bill for prescription drugs for seniors. Now the Congressional Budget Office estimates that 17 percent of the retirees will not receive supplemental drug coverage from their employers beyond what is offered by Medicare in this bill. We have a different estimate from the Employee Benefits Research Institute that is outside of our government. It is a nationally respected organization that studies retiree benefits. They estimate that that number is going to be much smaller: 2 to 9 percent of the retirees might not receive supplemental coverage from their employer in the future if Congress passes the Medicare benefit.  According to the Employee Benefits Research Institute, if Congress creates a Medicare drug benefit of any kind, some employers will want their retirees to take advantage of that new benefit. This is an important part of the rest of the story. The only way to prevent employers from putting their retirees in the Medicare drug program is if we don't pass legislation such as this, if we say we don't give a darn about the 25 to 30 percent of the people who don't now have prescription drugs and we don't care if they ever have it. That is not the attitude of Congress. That is why this legislation is before us, because we do care about people who can't afford or don't have available a plan for prescription drugs.  For those people, particularly on this side of the aisle, who have been complaining about not doing enough or that passing this bill might cause some corporations to change their health benefits and prescription drugs for their seniors, do they think we should do nothing? No, they don't think so. They are crying because we aren't doing enough. I tell you honestly, we could put $400 billion, all of this bill, into just those 30 percent of the people in this country who retire from corporations that have a pretty good prescription drug program, probably better than most people have, and I couldn't guarantee anybody in this country that some corporation, big or little, wouldn't dump their programs, just dump them, as they have been doing for 20 years.  Let me be clear, these retirees will not be left without drug coverage. Retirees are not going to lose drug coverage. Why? Because of this bipartisan bill before us. These retirees will still be better off than today, because today when their employer drops coverage, they are left with nothing--no coverage whatsoever. Because of this bill, these retirees will be getting drug coverage from Medicare, and their former employer will likely pay the monthly premium for them. They will still be better off than they would be today where there is no Medicare drug benefit to back them up.  It is also important to recognize that keeping employers in the game lowers the Federal cost of the drug benefit. That is why we are concerned about the taxpayer as well as the corporate retiree. Obviously, if it is dumped, it is going to cost the plan more than if they stay on the corporate plan. So providing this 28 percent subsidy actually lowers the cost of the Medicare benefit. This generous 28 percent subsidy for retiree coverage is good policy. And because it is good policy, it is good politics. This bipartisan bill protects retiree benefits. That has been our goal, and we have accomplished it.  