 President, we will extend unemployment compensation. We will support an extension, though, of current law. We will do it before its expiration at the end of May. But this amendment goes beyond extending unemployment compensation as it is written in current law.  This is unprecedented for sure, and I also think it is an unjustified expansion. There might be legitimate debate on that point, but there is no legitimate opposition to a statement that this is unprecedented.  Also, this extension and this change in law comes at a time when unemployment is not as high as it has been in previous recessions. The current unemployment rate is 6 percent. That is compared to 7 percent at times during the 1990s and more than 8 percent during the 1980s.  It was in the 1990s at 7 percent, in the 1980s at 8 percent. Those happen to be the last two times that Congress provided extended benefits.  I also point out the unemployment rate right now in 23 States is lower than it was 1 year ago. When it comes to people who have exhausted benefits, this amendment would provide 26 weeks of Federal benefits even without regard to the duration of State benefits. So this violates an insurance principle that we followed for a long time inherent in the unemployment program, and it violates it by breaking the link between the time someone has worked and the time that person can collect unemployment benefits.  This amendment additionally would also allow someone who worked as few as 20 weeks to collect as much as 26 weeks of federally-funded benefits.  This amendment also deals with part-time workers. In offering this amendment, what they forget at the Federal level is that we already give States the option of covering part-time workers. So why a national policy of covering part-time workers when this has been historically a State program that has been financed through some Federal taxation? There are a lot of details left to individual States to decide. It is not possible for us to legislate at the Federal level the conditions that exist in various States for deciding whether part-time workers should be included.  This provision would allow those seeking only part-time work to collect unemployment benefits. What this basically means is a worker could turn down a full-time job and continue collecting unemployment benefits.  There is a provision of this amendment that changes policy in regard to low-wage workers. This is another provision under Federal law where States already are given the option of doing this. This provision would require States to use what is referred to as an alternative base period. That means using the most recent quarter to calculate benefits.  In 1997, this was offered to the Senate and we voted 85 to 15 to overturn a Federal court decision that would have required the States to use the most recent quarter. In other words, Congress decided in 1997 against a court decision doing what this amendment does. We decided 85 to 15 to leave it to the respective States, as has historically been the case, to make this decision of using an alternative base period.  So as I mentioned, I will support, and I believe the Senate will pass, an extension of current law for unemployment benefits before it runs out.  This amendment is paid for in a way that discourages job creation. Remember, the fundamental purpose underlying this legislation is to give incentive for investment for the creation of jobs. So how is this amendment paid for? By attacking small businesses, by delaying the tax relief that is in this bill for 80 percent of those who are taxed at the 39 percent rate. Remember, we reduce the highest marginal tax rate down to the same as the highest corporate tax rate. Why? Because there should not be a bias in our tax law against small entrepreneurs, unincorporated entrepreneurs.  As we have been told so often by Joint Tax and by the White House, 80 percent of the benefits go to small business. Now, that does not mean all small business is taxed at the 39 percent level, but by reducing this we are taking away a bias against small business. There should not be an 11 percent penalty for being an unincorporated small business. It is unfair. When we had a lower marginal tax rate for smallbusiness at 28 percent for the top individual rate, as we did after 1986 until it was raised, we had a 5 percent differential between the corporate rate of 33 percent and the highest individual rate of 28 percent. During that period of time, we had an explosion of small business, setting the stage for the massive growth we had in the economy in the 1990s.  What does this amendment do? It will kill the opportunity for job expansion that we have prepared in lowering the marginal tax rate for self-employed people, doing away with the bias in favor of corporations so that where 80 percent of the jobs are created in small business, there will be an incentive to create new jobs.  The National Bureau of Economic Research shows that the surest way of expanding small business is from their own equity, by reducing the marginal tax rates, which is going to encourage the sort of investment that creates jobs.  The Senators who have offered this amendment are complaining about lost jobs, but then this amendment undermines the very provisions of the basic bill that will create the jobs we need.  Obviously, I urge the defeat of this job-killing amendment.  I yield the floor.  