 President, we all owe the Senator from Arkansas a debt of gratitude for a lot of leadership she has shown in this area, not only on the present bill that is before us, because she did get some amendments adopted in committee. She voted for our bill on final passage. I appreciate very much that being the case because it made it a bipartisan piece of legislation. But also, she has expressed the same concern because she was a member of the committee, 2 years ago, when we passed the existing tax law that we are adjusting now to bring it up to date and fully implement it in 2003, rather than as we decided 2 years ago, to implement it over a 10-year period of time. She was very active in these areas in that basic legislation.  So she is very consistent in expressing concerns about families of low income, and particularly low-income families with children. I wish I could do all the things she asked us to do, but we have to craft legislation that is pretty well balanced. One of the largest parts of our bill is the $95 billion that is provided for families with children.  Obviously the Senator from Arkansas would like to make this more generous. I wish we could. But I don't feel we can. The provisions that are in this $95 billion have been, to a great extent, because of the work of the Senator fromArkansas. It includes expanding benefits for low-income families, a provision that is included in great part because of the hard work of the Senator from Arkansas. Moreover, this legislation creates a new benefit.  But I think that the exception I take to her amendment is just basically because it hurts the balance of this bill between investment and spending.  I appreciate the Senator's work on these matters. It would be subject to a budget point of order. I will raise that at the appropriate time. I will not do it taking exception to policy but taking exception to what can be accomplished at one time, and the fact that we are trying to have a balanced package between investment and spending. I think it would put us over the balance on the spending side.  For that reason, I will raise that point of order but do it without prejudice.  I yield the floor.  