  This may sound like a simple vote, to raise a point of order about a budget and how this fits into the budget. But what this vote is all about is whether or not we are going to have any bill whatsoever providing prescription drugs for seniors. That is what this next vote is all about because I believe if we get 60 votes like we did 70 votes on the cloture motion, we will be on our way to passage, in a bipartisan way--everything has been bipartisan on this bill, as far as I am concerned--in a bipartisan way, passage of this bill, so our seniors can have prescription drugs, so that the biggest hole that has ever existed in Medicare for the last 38 years is filled in.  So all the arguments can be made about this little budget deal or that little budget technicality, but this is a vote about keeping the promises of both political parties over the last three elections. I do not think we ought to pooh-pooh keeping the promises of the last election. People are cynical about political leaders anyway--overpromising, not delivering on promises. This is our opportunity. This is one of the last two votes for this bill to go to the President of the United States.  So this vote is about our seniors, and also we can include Americans with disabilities. So a successful vote against overriding this point of order will gut the immediate funding we provide for prescription drug discount cards.  Much has been said by the opponents of this bill about not providing help to seniors fast enough. How many times, in the last 3 days, 4 days of debate on this bill have you heard the point: ``Well, this bill is not going to take effect for 2 years. I don't know why it can't take effect sooner''?  Now, that is not our choice. We pass a bill. You have to give some time for bureaucrats to implement it and write the regulations, and you want to do it right. So that is what they say: They need that amount of time, No. 1. No. 2, this bill takes effect immediately for part of it, and that part is the drug discount card for seniors and the disabled so they can get 15 to 25 percent discounts on drugs right away.  So apparently a discount card available to all seniors in less than 5 months, and also with a direct $600 subsidy to those with the lowest incomes, is something that opponents of this bill--crying in their beer all the time about this not doing enough for seniors or not taking effect soon enough--is a reason to block this bill.  They are talking out of both sides of their mouth when they say that. On the one hand, they say it is not going into effect soon enough, and then with the next vote we are going to have up, they are going to guarantee no drug benefit for years, and just with some little budget technicality on a procedure vote.  That is pretty ironic, that they would take that stand over the course of 4 days--argue that this bill is not going into effect soon enough, ignoring the discount card that starts immediately, and saying we are not doing enough--and then they are willing to block it on a technicality.  It seems to me that anybody who says we are not providing drug benefits quickly enough for our seniors and our disabled would vote to override this point of order so we can get to the next vote, final passage of this legislation.  Also, I just heard some of my colleagues from the other side of the aisle say this bill, in some instances, does not do enough for rural health care delivery. We provide $25 billion in this bill for rural providers to deal with the inequitable situation of the 30 States below the national average. That is because the formulas for doctors and hospitals in rural areas treat them less well, less equitably than the formulas for urban areas, because the assumption is in rural areas you can deliver health care for less costs.  But they are crying in their beer about maybe that is not doing well enough. And if they vote as 1 of the 41 who might keep us from overriding that point of order, then how can they talk out of both sides of their mouth--one time saying, ``We are not doing enough,'' and then, on the other hand, ``Kill this bill on this budget technicality''? Because just as soon as this bill passes, rural providers are going to get a great deal of help from this legislation.  Now, that help is not just for our providers because we feel sorry for doctors or hospitals. We are not being able to recruit doctors and maintain our hospitals in rural America. This $25 billion in this bill will strengthen our hospitals. It will give us an opportunity to recruit doctors.  So if you are 1 of the 41 who does not help us override this point of order, you are saying no to the recruitment of doctors in rural America. You are saying it is OK to close rural hospitals. Because you know what is going to happen right away if we do not pass this legislation--all the doctors of America are going to take a 4.5-percent cut in their reimbursement because of the way our formulas work. I do notknow how formulas such as that were written, but those formulas have an egregious impact upon the doctors.  I strongly disagree that that ought to happen and that we ought to have situations where medical doctors are fed up with working with Medicare patients and they just get out of the program. Then our seniors have fewer doctors to take care of their needs.  But if this bill passes, it is going to give relief to our doctors, not only stopping that 4.5-percent cut, it will give them a 1.5-percent increase in reimbursement.  It seems to me a vote against overriding the point of order is a vote against our rural hospitals every day because every day our hospitals are doing more with less. They serve our elderly. They serve the uninsured, those who live in some of the remotest parts of our country, and those who live in our cities as well because city hospitals have problems, too.  Are we going to tell those hospitals what they do every day in saving lives and improving patients' quality of life is not somehow important? I certainly hope not. But a vote against overriding this point of order is a thumb in the eyes of health care providers, in the eyes of the people who run our hospitals, the nurses who work there.  So this is going to be a vote against some of our neediest seniors. And the neediest of our seniors are those in nursing facilities who need physical therapy. They need occupational therapy, speech therapy. This bill, out of this $25 billion, provides a 2-year moratorium from the therapy cap that is in law today, which, basically, at $1,500 is saying, if you have a stroke, if you have some sort of major operation, you are only going to get physical therapy up to $1,500; and too bad after that.  Well, we take care of that in this legislation. But the people who vote against overriding this point of order are saying no to those neediest of seniors in the nursing homes who will be hit by this $1,500 cap and will not be able to get the physical therapy services they need.  We are at a point where all this effort about rural hospitals has been supported by an overwhelming majority in both the House and the Senate.  We heard our colleague, Senator Bennett of Utah, speak passionately about his daughter. His daughter is a speech therapist and knows all too well how nursing home residents benefit from therapies after they have suffered a stroke, heart attack, or maybe just a fall. Are we going to say to Senator Bennett's daughter that we don't need to delay these caps? Are we going to say to our seniors that access to physical therapy doesn't matter? I certainly hope not.  You will hear a lot about this vote being a comment on how we spend money in this Medicare bill. You will hear how this vote might be a vote against special interests in America. I ask my colleagues what they mean because if their seniors need immediate relief from high prescription drug bills, their hometown doctors need some help, their local hospitals need some help, their seniors recovering from stroke and heart attack need some help because they need more therapy, then I guess they should vote against these people.  That isn't what I hear from the other side of the aisle. They are the great humanitarians of the American political environment. They are concerned about all these people. Well, this next vote will show how concerned they are because they are voting against all these people who have need, most often the seniors of America who need prescription drugs.  I do not intend to vote against them and, in the process, hopefully get this bill to final passage.  I reserve the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  