 President, I thank the Senator from Maine for her very fine statement. More important, a thank-you to her is warranted because of the long hours of work she has put into this subject of Medicare and prescription drugs. The strengthening and improvement of Medicare and a prescription drug program has been something the Senator from Maine has worked on for a long time. So I not only compliment her on her statement today, but I thank her for the work she has done in putting together the product that is before us. Even more so than the product that is before us, I acknowledge the work she was part of during the years 2001 and 2002 as part of the tripartisan group of Senators, including Senators Breaux, Jeffords, Hatch, Senator Snowe, and this Senator from Iowa, because it was the months of work during the spring of 2001 through the summer of 2001, and then picking up again in the spring of 2002, until we brought a bill to the floor 1 year ago now to discuss. The success of that work then laid the foundation for what we can do right now. That involved hours and hours of work for individual Members of the Senate, and more work yet for the staffs of each of those Members. So I thank her for putting in the time in 2001 and 2002, which did not yield a successful product at that point but very much made it possible for us early in the year 2003 to be before the Senate. Again, I thank the Senator from Maine for that foundational work.  I think the next speaker will be the Senator from Louisiana, Senator Breaux. While the Senator from Maine and I might be able to say we were part of the foundation of the bill that is before us, Senator Breaux was in the trenches digging the footing for that foundation years before we got involved, because he was a member of what was called the Commission on Medicare, later called the Breaux Commission. Because of his work--even before our work on the tripartisan bill--I acknowledge the extra effort the Senator from Louisiana has brought to this point. So I thank him and, for a second time, I thank the Senator from Maine.  