375 billion for the Social Services Block Grant Program or SSBG.  As my colleagues know, SSBG is an extremely flexible grant program that states use to pay for a wide variety of social services activities. States have broad discretion over the use of these funds. In recent years, the largest expenditures for services under the SSBG were for child protective services, children's foster care and prevention and intervention services.  Additionally, SSBG funds go to provide crucial services such as respite care for the elderly, adult protective services, as well as adoption programs.  In 1996, during the debate over welfare reauthorization, the Congress and the States agreed to temporarily decrease SSBG from $2.8 billion a year to $2.38 billion a year, until welfare reform was firmly established. The agreement further stipulated that SSBG would be funded at $2.38 billion per year until fiscal year 2003 when it would be restored to $2.8 billion per year.  We have not lived up to our promise. Funding for SSBG has been reduced considerably. Currently this vital program is funded at $1.7 billion a year.  This program is very important in my State of Iowa.  There were over 119,708 children and adults benefitting from SSBG-funded services in the state of Iowa in fiscal year 2000.  Iowa spent almost half of their $29 million block grant--48 percent--on services to persons with disabilities covering both physically disabled and developmentally disabled persons. Services include adult residential care, adult day care, community-supervised living, sheltered workshops and work activities.  Iowa used $982,078 in SSBG for the prevention of abuse and neglect to elderly and disabled persons compared to receiving only $55,927 from the title VII Elder Abuse under the Older Americans Act.  I worked very hard to ensure that SSBG was included in the CARE Act. The reason why I felt so strongly that it be included in the bill is because I see an SSBG increase as one of the ways we can direct fiscal relief to the states.  States are currently suffering under the worst fiscal crisis since World War II. I am committed to finding ways to assist the states manage this fiscal crisis. I view the inclusion of the restoration of SSBG funds as a good first step towards assisting the States make it through this current crisis.  I appreciate my colleagues' hard work on this bill and look forward to its enactment into law.  