 President, a number of misleading and just flat out wrong statements have been made by the proponents of this amendment. They said this package does not help the military. I wonder where they have been the last few months. We have already passed the military tax cut bill in the Senate and we are trying to work it out with the House. That is the situation. So do not tell me we have not dealt with the problems of the people in the military.  They argue we do not deal with unemployment benefits. I guess they were not paying much attention when just a few hours ago we were talking about extending unemployment benefits. I offered a unanimous consent agreement at that time, but what happened? The other side, which is now complaining, rejected my offer to make that the top priority just as soon as we are done with this bill.  We also put together a strong bipartisan State aid package, which the other side has cried crocodile tears over. So I hope no one is misled by some of the previous rhetoric we have heard. The amendment is nongermane and violates the Budget Act. So obviously later on there will be a point of order made on it.  To relieve any concern that the underlying bill is only concerned about giving more money to corporations, I want to point out how this legislation helps families. I will make a couple of points regarding the distribution of tax benefits in our package. As I stated repeatedly, the package fairly balances investment and consumption incentives within the plan and benefits families at all levels of income.  Now, this is quite contrary to much of the rhetoric we have heard on the proposal's distributional benefits. I have heard repeatedly that the typical family receives only $217 of benefits under the bill, while millionaires receive tens of thousands of dollars of such tax breaks. One response to this is to note the progressivity of our system. A simple example, however, is an effective way to demonstrate the bill does in fact provide benefits to families at all income levels. For illustrative purposes, I have analyzed the tax benefits of accelerating the $400 increase in the child tax credit combined with the increased refundability for single mothers of two children at various income levels under the bill.  The example does not account for additional benefits that are also provided in this bill with expanding the 10 percent bracket.  The charts I have with me demonstrate the tax benefits to that single mother with $15,000, single mother with $20,000, single mother with $30,000 of wage income during the 2003 tax year. As we can see, the first chart demonstrates a single mother of two with $15,000 of wage income will receive an additional $250 of refundable tax credits under this bill. This increased $250 comes from a combination of increasing the tax credit amount and reducing the limits on refundability. With her refundable earned income credit of $3,823, her total refundable tax credits would increase by $250 all the way up to $4,573.  The second chart is for a family of $20,000 wage income, which demonstrates a significant increase in benefit to the same single mother. At a slightly higher income level, she receives an additional $710 of benefits under the Finance Committee plan for a total refundable credit of $4,270.  Finally, at $30,000, we can see this single mother receives the entire benefit of $800 increased child tax credit in the form of refundable payments.  I ask my colleagues to consider these examples as further evidence of the impact this bill will make on hard-working families in this country at different income levels, and I might say at all income levels. I hope the informed judgment will be made based upon fact and not upon the statements previously given about this bill.  I yield the floor.  