 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume.  I know the Senator from Connecticut has well-intentioned motivations behind his amendment. The reason why I oppose the amendment is not because of any ill intent. But we have very carefully crafted this product before us after the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan and the open season and the practice there. As far as I know, we do not run into Federal employees complaining because they cannot change more often than once a year. So I am going to ask my colleagues to vote against this amendment.  It has some costs. I will speak about that. The open enrollment period in S. 1, as I said, is modeled after the annual open enrollment period of the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan. I believe this program has been in place for more than 40 years, so we have a lot of experience with it. Consequently, it is a good pattern for us to craft the legislation before us for senior citizens in retirement for their health benefits.  Each year seniors would be able to examine the choice of plans and select the plan that is best suited to their needs. The amendment before us proposes to allow seniors to change plans more than once during a continuous open enrollment period that would last for 2 years. While this may seem a good idea on the surface, it is an invitation, I believe, to more expensive health care for our seniors. I think it is going to lead to chaos and plan instability.  It is very important, at least in the opening years, as we get these new programs underway that there be some predictability in order to encourage more plans to compete. The more plans competing, the better benefits we ought to get for our seniors at a lower price.  It seems to me that providing a long, continuous open enrollment period allows any and all seniors to wait until they are sick before enrolling in a more comprehensive plan. You can understand that we need to have a situation where people are seen buying insurance and doing it in a way in which they manage their own risk as opposed to doing it in the case of only an emergency. This is where you get the insurance aspect that is so important in what we are trying to accomplish.  So if you do that, as the Senator from Connecticut suggests, it is going to add costs to the program because it permits healthy enrollees to stay in the cheaper basic plan until an illness drives them to a generous plan. The generous plan then would become the plan just for sick enrollees.  I have a statement here that the CBO says this would have a cost of $8 billion over the years 2004 to 2008, and $23 billion for the 10-year period 2004 to 2013.  I am going to yield back the remainder of my time.  