 President. I rise today with a heavy heart to honor seven fallen astronauts, the adventurers aboard Columbia. On Saturday, February 1, after 16 days in space, their hero's homecoming abruptly turned into a national tragedy. As the space shuttle fell apart upon re-entry into Earth's atmosphere in the skies above Texas, the Nation once again fell into mourning.  Each of the seven astronauts leaves behind family and friends who now bear the burden of immense sorrow and grief. May they find peace in the days and years ahead. The loss of a spouse, father, mother, sibling, or child brings immeasurable anguish, especially under such tragic, public circumstances.  May they find comfort in the knowledge that their loved ones were pursuing their lifelong dreams. The dreams of individuals whose aspirations will benefit all of humanity. They leave behind for their children and grandchildren a legacy that will continue to inspire generations to come. The U.S. space program will continue. Their mission will not be forgotten.  In classrooms across America, Israel, India, and the world over, young impressionable minds can learn from these seven ambitious individuals the values inherent to the human spirit: courage, adventure, discipline, discovery, commitment, exploration, and risk-taking.  Each of the astronauts ought to be remembered in history for their willingness to risk it all in pursuit of scientific discovery. The Columbia crew carried out 90 experiments to help solve problems here on Earth, including science experiments developed by students from 9 States and 8 countries. Thanks to their selfless good work--ranging from tests developed to help fight cancer, improve crop yields, build earthquake-resistant buildings, and understand the effects of dust storms on weather--human civilization stands to gain from their labors above.  Like the explorers and frontiersman who traversed the unknown before them, these seven men and women responded to a similar calling. Their predecessors navigated uncharted territory by way of oceans and open prairie: Ferdinand Magellan. James Cook, Lewis and Clark. It is a timeless human quest to discover the undiscovered and to take risks.  These magnificent seven set out on heavenly horizons to explore, investigate, research, and navigate what for most of us Earth-bound folks will remain a mystery. We are indebted to their courage, commitment and contributions.  Mr. President, I wanted like to single out one member of the crew. One of seven U.S. astronauts with Iowa ties, Laurel Clark was born in Ames. She leaves behind some family members in Iowa, including her 96-year-old grandmother Mary Haviland and Doug and Betty Haviland, her aunt and uncle. For the second time in 16 months, Reverend and Mrs. Haviland are coming to grips with devastating grief. They also lost their son in the World Trade Center attacks on 9/11. Friends and family members recall Clark as a high-achiever committed to science and the space program. Last year, she visited an elementary school in Carroll, IA to educate a second-grade class about the space shuttle's mission. A wife and mother of an 8-year-old son, the 41-year-old Navy doctor was on her first space flight. In her e-mails from Columbia, Clark wrote about how ``glorious'' it was to see Earth from her position in space. May her loved ones find peace as she watches over them now from the heavens above. The necessary investigations are underway to discover what went so terribly wrong on that bright Saturday morning in February, just minutes before the crew's homecoming. May we fully ascertain what went wrong to bring closure to the loved ones left behind and avert another tragedy. Congress will need to continue strong oversight and consider NASA's budgeting needs to ensure an effective, efficient, and safe space program.  It is sadly ironic to consider that for many Americans, these highly-trained and dedicated astronauts would have remained to them anonymous if not for the tragedy that took their lives. Continuing and improving the space program would be the best way to honor the legacy of the fallen Columbia crew. Consider the discoveries waiting to be made in medicine, biology, physics, meteorology, and agro-sciences. Don't discount the advances already made in satellite communications and strategic military defense systems thanks to space exploration.  Four decades ago, the first American astronauts launched us into space. There is no turning back on destiny now.  Notwithstanding the loss of human life, I believe the Columbia crew, including Iowa-born Laurel Clark, would urge us to resume America's space odyssey and get back to the future.  