 President, today I am resubmitting a Senate resolution to amend the Standing Rules of the United States Senate to eliminate the practice of secret holds. I'm pleased that I am once again joined by my colleague, Senator Wyden, in this effort. Senator Wyden and I have been working together on this issue for some time and we have made some progress in bringing this issue to light and having it addressed. Still, the problem continues to reoccur and a permanent solution is needed.  I know many of my colleagues are well aware of the practice of placing an anonymous ``hold'' on a piece of legislation or a nomination. Some Senators have been victims of a secret hold placed on one of their bills and others may have used this practice.  Holds are not explicitly mentioned anywhere in the Senate Rules, but they derive from the rules and traditions of the Senate where a single Senator possesses a great deal of power to derail any matter. In order for the Senate to run smoothly, objections to unanimous consent agreements must be avoided. Essentially, a hold is a notice by a Senator to his or her party leader of an intention to object to bringing a bill or nomination to the floor for consideration. If the Majority Leader were to attempt to bring a matter up for consideration despite an objection, the Senate would be forced to consider the motion to proceed, which would be subject to a filibuster. Because this kind of delay would paralyze the working of the Senate, holds are usually honored as both a practical necessity and a senatorial courtesy.  A Senator might place a hold on a piece of legislation or a nomination because of legitimate concerns about an aspect of a bill or a nominee. However, there is no legitimate reason why a Senator placing a hold on a matter should remain anonymous.  I believe in the principle of open government. Lack of transparency in the public policy process leads to cynicism and distrust of public officials. I would maintain that the use of secret holds damages public confidence in the institution of the Senate.  It has been my policy to disclose in the Congressional Record any hold that I place on any matter in the Senate along with my reasons for doing so. I know Senator Wyden does the same. I have used holds in the past when I thought a matter was progressing too fast and more questions needed to be answered. However, I feel that my colleagues have a right to know that it was Grassley that placed the hold as well as why I did it.  As a practical matter, other members of the Senate need to be made aware of an individual senator's concerns. How else can those concerns be addressed? As a matter of principle, the American people need to be made aware of any action that prevents a matter from being considered by their elected senators.  Senator Wyden and I have worked twice to get a similar ban on secret holds included in legislation passed by the Senate. But, both times it was removed in conference.  Then, at the beginning of the 106th Congress, Senate Leaders Lott and Daschle circulated a letter informing senators of a new policy regarding the use of holds. The Lott/Daschle letter stated, `` . . . all members wishing to place a hold on any legislation or executive calendar business shall notify the sponsor of the legislation and the committee of jurisdiction of their concerns.''  This agreement was billed as marking the end of secret holds in the Senate. Unfortunately, this policy has not been followed consistently. Secret holds have continued to appear in the Senate. Last year, Senator Wyden and I decided that we needed to continue to pursue a permanent change in the Senate Rules to end this practice and we introduced a Senate resolution to do just that. We were later joined by Senators Lugar and Landrieu and I was glad to have their support. We are now submitting that same measure and I am encouraged that Rules Committee Chairman Lott has expressed interest in examining our legislation and the problem of secret holds.  The Grassley-Wyden resolution would add a section to the Senate Rules requiring that Senators make public any hold placed on a matter within two session days of notifying his or her party leadership. This change will lead to more open dialogue and more constructive debate in the Senate.  Ending secret holds will make the workings of the Senate more transparent. It will reduce secrecy and public cynicism along with it. Moreover, this reform will improve the institutional reputation of the Senate. I look forward to working with Chairman Lott and all my colleagues to address the problem of secret holds and hopefully make progress toward ending this distasteful practice once and for all.  