  I find it necessary to explain what our legislation does because a lot of times there are explanations about it that are not very accurate. One of the impressions is our bill is not very well balanced. Our bill does, in fact, attempt to strike a good balance between consumption on one hand and investment on the other hand. We do this to provide incentives such that we can provide both short-term economic stimulus and the building blocks for meaningful future economic growth.  The refundable tax credit outlined in the amendment before the Senate, which I oppose, would be paid irrespective of whether a person had any income tax liability at all. If the person owes no tax, we are to view this proposal as effectively refunding payroll taxes. But we already have a provision that refunds payroll taxes. It is called the earned-income credit and the child tax credit. This proposal, the Baucus amendment, a refundable tax credit proposal, would be duplicative of the earned-income tax credit and the refundable child tax credit to refund payroll taxes for those with insufficient income to have tax liability with the result of encouraging people to work as opposed to receiving welfare or unemployment compensation.  In my estimation, such refundable credits do not provide incentives to work. They do not create jobs, and they do not stimulate the economy.  Providing incentives to work, creating actual jobs, and stimulating the economy are the purposes of the legislation from the Senate Finance Committee that I presented.  Job creation is a handup, not a handout. It is a handup to help people out of poverty. Refundable tax credits are handouts which may have just the opposite effect. We should ensure that we are providing building blocks for long-term growth and the economic stability that comes from that growth.  I appreciate Senator Baucus's support for our dividend proposal and his desire to accelerate into this year. However, acceleration means we subject more dividends to double taxation because the exclusion never reaches 20 percent. In other words, ours goes from 10 percent through the year 2007; 2008 to 2013, it is 20 percent, whereas his proposal always stays at 10 percent.  People invest in stock for long-term gain. We need to provide long-term tax relief. This bill contains a lot of short-term stimulus already.  I appreciate the points he has raised regarding the child credit. The largest item in this bill is the child credit, and that amounts to over $95 billion. It includes a simplification of definition that Senator Baucus has already mentioned. In addition, I note we expand the refundable portion of the child credit that targets help to the low-income families he seeks to assist with his amendment.  I appreciate his position. I believe our bill provides proper balance in encouraging the economy.  Finally, I note this amendment violates section 202, page 35 of the Budget Act, so I will be raising a point of order later on.  I yield the floor.  