 I suppose it is not a case of ``if'' we will do it; it is a case of ``when'' and exactly how. I would say there is probably not much disagreement within this body yet. I have visited with my colleagues so much during this debate about the purposes of the legislation and the balance that we brought to this between investment and enhancing consumer spending, and between those things that are tax reductions versus tax expenditures, it is this balance that I want to preserve in this legislation.  Every attempt we have had, as well intended as it is, obviously, takes awayfrom the job creation aspects of our tax reduction. It is to do something special and, in many cases, is worthy, but it detracts from the overall approach to our legislation. So this is another example where I must rise in opposition to an amendment, but not because of the good intent or because I have a disagreement with the amendment, but because of how it is accomplished. And most of that is on the side of where they take the money to pay for the proposal in this amendment, or any other amendment that we have had before us.  I am very confident that we will extend the R credit this year. I call the attention of my colleagues to the fact that the President has proposed extending it in his budget. I note that the extension is paid for in this amendment by eliminating partial exclusion of dividends, and this exclusion of dividends is meant to encourage the investment we are talking about here.  Obviously, the amendment on R is a tax incentive to encourage R, and it takes a lot of R to get jobs, but it is a very indirect way of creating jobs, whereas we believe the dividend exclusion, at least if it were fully implemented the way the President proposed, and I know our underlying legislation does not do that, but at least the way the President proposed, according to economists, would create 400,000 new jobs, besides making our capital costs for our industry much more competitive with those of our competition internationally because our cost of capital is as high as that of any nation with which we compete.  If we were to adopt the President's program, it would put us in the middle of the advanced nations for cost of capital and make us much more competitive.  This detracts from the investment efforts in our legislation which is where the money is being taken to pay for the R amendment.  I say to the Senator from Washington that I look forward to working with her at another time--not this time--to extend the R credit down the road.  There is another point that should be made about the R credit, and that is that it does not benefit all businesses and taxpayers equally or apply as broadly as do the provisions of this underlying growth bill that I have been trying to demonstrate is a well-balanced bill to create jobs. It is well balanced between larger businesses and smaller businesses, particularly where it brings equity between a corporation form of business and individual proprietorship form of business. It does that by eliminating the bias in favor of corporations that is in our present tax system.  I look at R credit as not benefiting all businesses equally as our underlying bill does. The R credit provides a benefit to a limited number of large corporations in certain industrial sectors. While the purpose of the R credit is very important, as it encourages higher levels of technology development and innovation which brings about greater productivity, it does not help small businesses that will provide so many new jobs for the economy under our underlying legislation.  I ask the Senator from Washington to think about whether or not she has checked with organizations or their tax representatives that support R credits. I think the last thing they would want to happen is for the extension to lose at this time. If they want their extension--and I am sure they do, and I have indicated a willingness to work on this--they should be working with the Finance Committee and not against it as we try to accomplish this goal.  Right now, I have to consider this amendment counterproductive in that it slashes job-creating provisions to give generous tax breaks to large corporations to do research and development. Many may ask: Why do rich corporations need a tax break to do something that is essential to their business anyway?  As I indicated, I do support the R tax credit, but I also support, more importantly and more eminently, the provisions of this bill which are more broad based in helping to create jobs and doing it in a balanced way, not in the targeted way of this amendment.  There is nothing wrong with the amendment. It is just the wrong time and wrong place. I ask my colleagues to vote against it.  