'' When I was going to yield him some time, I didn't think of the word ``Senator.'' I said I will give 1 minute to the man from Connecticut, and I apologize.  First of all, I wish I had an exact number for this amendment. It hassome costs, but I do not have an official score from the Congressional Budget Office so I cannot say that this costs X number of billions of dollars at this point. But it does have some cost.  I am going to try to convince the Senator from Connecticut that we have done a lot in this legislation for people who are low income. Maybe it doesn't go as high up the economic ladder as he would like to have us go. But my point is we have done an awful lot.  We worked very hard to minimize the gap in coverage with resources provided in the budget resolution which would be roughly $400 billion. The bill also provides generous coverage to lower income beneficiaries, those who have income below about $15,000, and couples with incomes below about $20,000. They, in fact, have no gap in coverage. That is 44 percent of Medicare beneficiaries who are completely unaffected by the benefit limit.  In the writing of this bill, a conscious decision was made to devote excess dollars to filling in the gap in coverage for all seniors. Under the underlying bill, the average senior at this income level will still save more than $1,600 annually off the drug spending after paying an affordable monthly premium of $35 per month. This is a savings of about 53 percent off annual drug costs for the average senior who would enroll in the drug benefit.  Let me remind everybody, this drug benefit is optional. People do not have to join it. If anybody is saying I don't want to pay $35 per month to get this sort of coverage, then that person does not have to pay $35 per month for coverage because this is a voluntary program. So the people who enroll in this program would save that $1,600, even beyond the $35-per-month premium.  While I appreciate what the Senator from Connecticut is trying to do, it cannot possibly fit within the $400 billion that we have. We had to draw a limit someplace. We drew the limit at 160 percent of poverty. So I cannot support his amendment. I am sorry to say that to the Senator from Connecticut.  