 President, I yield myself such time as I consume and I invite proponents of the legislation to come over so I can yield some time to them.  One of the issues that has been bad-mouthed by the other side, the opponents of this legislation, is that we have not done enough to help retiree coverage; in other words, the problem they would suppose is that a lot of corporations will be dumping their plans on the Government.  First of all, Congress can't pass a law telling any corporation X, Y, or Z that they can't do that. If they decide it is in their interest, they are going to do it. The point is they have been doing it for years and years.  I had a chart up here 2 days ago that showed how we have gone down from about 89 percent to 60 percent over the last 10 years of the corporations that had retiree health plans. What we are doing is putting in place a program so that if a corporation does that, there is at least something for people who have zilch when it comes to prescription drugs.  One of the things we have done to encourage corporations not to do that is we have put $89 billion in this bill to protect retiree health coverage. This funding makes it more likely--not less likely--that employers will continue their retiree benefits. We do that for two reasons. Obviously, it is better for people to keep what they have. So there is an incentive for that. That will help keep a good drug benefit. Second,if this is dumped on the Medicare Program, it is going to be much more costly than to keep it in the corporation plan. We did it for those two reasons.  The opponents of this bill have been saying retirees are going to be dropped--that they will be left without coverage because of this bill. It is easy to make very clear that these retirees will not be left without drug coverage. That is, obviously, because one of the motivations behind this 3-year effort to get prescription drugs in Medicare is to take care of or at least offer a plan to people who don't have anything. That is about 35 percent of the people today. It is better for those who do not have as good a plan as we are putting on the books. These retirees will still be better off than they are today because today, when their employers drop their coverage, they are left with nothing--no coverage at all.  Because of this bill, these retirees will be getting drug coverage from Medicare, and their former employer will likely pay the monthly premium for that.  This is a bipartisan bill. This bill addresses the problem we saw as a very serious problem. According to the Congressional Budget Office, we have addressed it in a very responsible way and by reducing very much the possibility that these corporate retirees will be dumped onto this plan.  This bipartisan bill protects retirees' benefits. That has been our goal, and we have accomplished it. The time has come strengthen and improve Medicare with this historic bipartisan agreement. It is the culmination of years of work by Republicans and Democrats who have come together to get this done.  As the AARP has made clear when providing its strong endorsement, this bill ``helps millions of older Americans and their families,'' and is ``an important milestone in the nation's commitment to strengthen and expand health security for its citizens. . . .''  This bill offers an affordable, universal prescription drug benefit that will cover about half the cost of prescriptions for the average senior.  It offers generous coverage for 14 million lower income seniors. It expands coverage for lower income seniors far beyond what is offered today. They will have access to drug coverage with lower or no premiums, no coverage cap, and coverage of 85 percent to 95 percent of the cost of prescription drugs.  And the new Medicare drug benefit is voluntary--no one is forced to enroll in this benefit. Seniors can stay in traditional Medicare just like they have today and have full access to prescription drugs.  There is also a guaranteed government fallback. It is a guarantee that seniors will be able to get prescription drug coverage.  This bill also invests $89 billion to protect retiree health coverage. This funding makes it more likely, not less likely, that employers will continue their retiree benefits.  This bill also creates new coverage choices for beneficiaries in a newly revitalized Medicare Advantage program. And this is voluntary too--no one will be forced to join an HMO.  The bill lowers drug costs by speeding the delivery of new generic drugs to the marketplace, lowering costs for all Americans, not just those on Medicare.  The bipartisan bill includes long overdue improvements to Medicare's complex regulations.  It also revitalizes the rural health care safety net with the biggest package of rural payment improvements Congress has ever seen.  I urge my colleagues to put the interests of our seniors first and give them more choices and better benefits by voting for this historic bipartisan prescription drug bill.  We cannot let this opportunity pass.  Mr. President, it has been a long and arduous process to get us to where we are today. This is a process that didn't start this year, or even last year, but many years ago, on the foundation of what we then called the ``tripartisan bill.'' Through many years of discussions and negotiations in the Finance Committee, we have taken the foundation of that first bill and crafted comprehensive Medicare policy that will vastly improve the health and overall well being of our nation's seniors.  Our critics will say it is not enough or that it lacks one provision or another. My response is that no other Finance Committee membership and no other Congress has been able to produce a bill of this magnitude. We have worked tirelessly in the Finance Committee and with our colleagues in the House to try to make this bill as perfect as possible.  The reality is the Medicare program itself is not perfect.  And I challenge those in opposition to this bill, to show me perfect legislation. It is impossible because we're adding layers on a system that has been in place for nearly 40 years. But everyone involved in this process has worked their hearts out to make this bill the best bill that it can be. It has been a sacrifice for all involved. Missed dinners with family, missed weekends with the kids, little sleep, and intense emotions and intellectual energy--to make this bill what it is.  We've all given 150 percent to get this bill done. And I will admit we did not reach ``perfection'', but we reached excellence. And America's seniors will benefit from the commitment that was made by all of us involved. We did it for them. And it will make a positive difference in their lives. To me, that is the closest thing to perfection that we could achieve.  Let me close by thanking my colleagues on the committee, in the Senate, the House, CMS, HHS and the White House. Dedicated individuals across the Congress and the Executive Branch have worked tirelessly, night and day, to make this happen, and they deserve our thanks for their true commitment to this bill and their commitment to this country.  For my part, I want to thank my own current Finance Committee staff: Ted Totman, my Deputy Staff Director who shepherded staff and members through this arduous process; Linda Fishman, my Health Policy Director who led the committee's consideration of this bill and who captained a team of talented analysts, including Colin Roskey, whose daughter, Rose, was born while negotiations played out in the Finance Committee in March; Mark Hayes, who balanced multiple titles of this legislation while attending law school at night; Jennifer Bell, whose dedication to the needs of rural Americans played an instrumental role in the success of our rural healthcare package; Leah Kegler, who managed many of the complex low income and Medicaid policies in the bill; Alicia Ziemiecki, who provided crucial assistance and support to all on this staff and to individual Committee members throughout the year; and Mollie Zito, who joined the staff just this year and immediately made important contributions to the overall effort.  Still other former members of my Finance Committee staff who are not with me on the floor today have been instrumental in the development of this legislation. They include: Monica Tencate, Tom Walsh, Rebecca Reisinger, Hope Cooper, and Jeannie Haggerty, each of whom helped to shape the original Tripartisan proposal, whose imprint on this legislation is unmistakable. Each of these individuals contributed creatively, analytically and energetically to the successful completion of this legislation.  Beyond the health staff of the Finance Committee, I want to recognize other committee staff who played important roles in resolving the many interwoven, complex tax, health and trade policies within this legislation. Mark Prater and Diann Howland helped navigate many of the health savings account and employer-related issues in the bill. Steven Schaefer and Everett Eissenstadt along with Rita Lari of my Judiciary Committee staff helped conferees reach consensus on difficult pricing, importation and generic drug policies. Steve Robinson assisted in budgetary matters, and Dean Zerbe and Emilia DiSanto provided good counsel on matters relating to Medicare program integrity. Jill Kozeny, Jill Gerber, Beth Levine and Dustin Vande Hoef provided cogent and concise outreach and explanation to the media. Leah Shimp, Cory Crowley and Mary Gross kept in close touch with Iowans on the legislation. And Kolan Davis, my Chief Counsel on the committee, provided important oversight and advice throughout the process.  Beyond my own staff, I want to recognize Senator Baucus's staff, with whom I have enjoyed an excellent working relationship over the last few years and with whom my own staff hasworked especially closely: Jeff Forbes, Russ Sullivan, Judy Miller, Bill Dauster, Liz Fowler, Jonathan Blum, Pat Bousliman, Andrea Cohen, Mike Mongan, Kate Kirchgraber and Dan Stein. Senator Baucus's team have shown a sincere commitment to balanced, fair bipartisan legislation and have been consummate professionals throughout.  The staff to my Senate colleagues on the conference are also deserving our thanks. Each contributed to a collegial working environment under enormous time and political pressures: Pattie DeLoatche, Mark Carlson, and Bruce Artim with Senator Hatch; Stacey Hughes, Hazen Marshall and Bini Zomer with Senator Nickles; Don Dempsey, Diane Major, Elizabeth Maier and Lisa Wolski with Senator Kyl; Dean Rosen, Elizabeth Scanlon, Craig Burton and Eric Ueland with Senator Frist; and Sarah Walter, Michele Easton and Paige Jennings with Senator Breaux.  Finally, all of us were extremely well served by the hard work of our Congressional support agencies, including the able work of our Senate Legislative Counsels who toiled longer into the night than most: Ruth Ernst, John Goetcheus and Jim Scott. Technical and analytical support was provided by experts at the Congressional Research Service, including Richard Price, Jim Hahn, Chris Peterson, Hinda Chakind, Jennifer O'Sullivan and Jennifer Boulanger and many others who assisted in the completion of the Conference Report. At the Congressional Budget Office, Doug Holtz-Eakin, Steve Lieberman, Tom Bradley, Chris Topileski, Phil Ellis, Rachel Schmidt, Jeannie De Sa, Eric Rollins, Shinobu Suzuki and many others played crucial roles in developing cost estimates for policies large and small in this conference agreement.  Each of these dedicated individuals is deserving of our thanks for their commitment to improving Medicare and making affordable access to prescription drugs a reality for America's seniors.  If the other side says it is OK, I would like to yield 3 minutes to the Senator from Texas.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Chambliss). The Senator from Texas is recognized for 3 minutes.  