  First of all, we need to remember, with or without this subject before the Senate, these plans could be dropped without any hesitation. We can have the prescription drug plan before the Senate, and there could be some reason some companies would drop that. But right now, remember, our passage of this legislation is very much to fill a gap. We are worried about people who do not have any coverage whatever.  As I have said before, we are all very concerned about the future of retirees' benefits and making sure retirees are treated fairly. Under the beneficial before the Senate, retirees get the same protection from high prescription drugs and the costs as any other beneficiary. That is a generous subsidy, far greater than they currently get, which would be zero.  The fact is, typical retiree plans provide much more generous coverage, and the beneficiaries spend much less out of pocket for their prescriptions.  There has been a great deal of interest in the assumption by the Congressional Budget Office that corporations are going to drop their coverage of prescription drugs for about 37 percent of the retirees in retiree health plans over the next 10 years. What we cannot forget is employers, as I indicated, are already dropping or, maybe more, scaling back retiree health benefits not because of our legislation but because retiree health benefits are rising because of very high health care costs. They have already been dropping plans or cutting them back for at least a decade, a point made by my colleague, Senator Dodd.  We have worked hard to address this problem in the underlying legislation. One of the most significant future liabilities faced by retiree plans is the cost of prescription drugs. We have given employers serious and generous subsidies. The Dodd amendment proposes to boost subsidies for employers beyond the 64 percent we have given them already. This change would send millions more in taxpayers dollars to these corporations during the next decade. We had to put priorities first.  We have $400 billion. We have looked at States and the problems of dual eligibles. We looked at corporate retiree plans and what might happen and what can we do to keep those that are going out of business or dumping theirs on a government plan. We have worked with a lot of different problems. We have had to do the best we can to squeeze within that $400 billion. We have tried to help the States to some extent on dual eligibles. We are trying to help corporations with incentives not to dump their retirees on this plan. I can go down a long list we have tried to squeeze in and prioritize.  The overriding goal was to help those who had no drug plans whatever. That was very much a high priority. We have maybe 30 percent or a little more on private plans. We have people on Medicare with Medigap policies. We have people who are duly eligible subject to Medicaid. But we have 30 percent or more with zilch. We go beyond just helping those who do not have any plan. But that has been our priority. We tried to do it in a way that people who have better--and maybe most corporate retiree plans do have better incentives than what we can provide--and they can continue to have better. But we cannot control entirely what corporations are going to do. Particularly, you cannot do that on the amount of money we have here.  As I indicated, this is a very expensive amendment that we cannot squeeze into the $400 billion.  I urge my colleagues to defeat the amendment. I yield the floor.  