 President, I rise today in support of extending the temporary extended unemployment compensation program.  In March of last year, Congress enacted the ``Job Creation and Worker Assistance Act of 2002.'' This Act created a temporary program to provide additional unemployment benefits to workers in every State.  Specifically, this program provided up to 13 weeks of federally funded employment benefits for workers who become unemployed and exhaust their regular State unemployment benefits. In addition, the program provided up to 13 weeks of additional benefits in high unemployment States--that's a maximum of 26 weeks.  When this extended benefit program was originally enacted last year, it was scheduled to expire at the end of 2002.  Unfortunately, the economy has not performed as well as we all hoped and the unemployment rate in many States continued to rise throughout last year.  As my colleagues may recall, the Senate agreed to a unanimous consent request last year to extend the deadline. Unfortunately, the 107th Congress adjourned before reaching a final agreement on the extension.  So, we are here again today seeking unanimous consent to extend the temporary extended unemployment compensation program.  This agreement which has been cosponsored by Senators Fitzgerald, Specter, Collins, Gregg, Nickles, and Clinton would provide a 5-month extension of the program through the end of May. This agreement has been reached in consultation with the House Leadership.  I believe a 5-month extension is an appropriate timeframe to see how the economy will perform this year, as well as give Congress the opportunity to consider further economic stimulus legislation.  Our goal should be make sure that everyone who wants a job gets a paycheck, instead of just an unemployment check.  I also believe it is important to point out that although the program expired last week, if we can get this measure through the House and onto the President's desk by Thursday, no one will miss a check.  Unemployment benefits are the bridges that help people get from one job to another. These benefits are not huge, but they're certainly better than nothing for those who are out of work and desperately looking for jobs. People have to put food on the table. They have to heat their homes. They have to buy their kids clothes, shoes and school supplies. Their needs are immediate, and they need immediate relief.  While Congress is approving unemployment benefits, we need to do everything in our power to create jobs. I don't mean just any jobs, but quality opportunities that pay enough income to sustain families and build careers. I look forward to working with my colleagues and the President on creating jobs. Americans are the world's greatest workforce. Folks need and deserveto use their abilities and skills to the fullest.  According to the Department of Labor, more than 780,000 individuals were collecting extended benefits in mid-December. If we act now to extend this program, workers who qualified before December 28th will be able to continue receiving their weekly benefit check without interruption.  I urge my colleagues to support this measure.  