 President, some are going to say during this debate on this reconciliation compromise tax relief for working men and women that we cannot afford to give money back to the American people. You get the impression from people who say that this is the Government's money and not the people's money. It is the people's money that comes to Washington. We spend it for them--a lot of times not as they would. But it is never the Government's money. No government creates wealth. Only working men and women, either through their labor or the use of their genius and using that in a productive manner, is what creates wealth in America.  It is not right to assume in this body or any other legislative body that the resources of the American people belong to Government and we let them keep some of their own resources to use as they want, but it all belongs to us. This attitude is that we in Government are smarter and know better than other people how to spend other people's money.  This bill before us underscores the President's, and the majority's, belief that this is the people's money first. The people will spend and invest their money in more productive ways than government ever will. This bill reinforces that philosophy. I commend the President for his leadership, his perseverance, and his ability to get things done.  I am still going to speak on the issue of the conference committee report before us, but I want to concentrate now for just a few minutes on the accuracy and intellectual honesty in the debate over our bipartisan tax relief package. This mostly would address who benefits and who does not benefit. Too many people on the other side of the aisle want you to believe this legislation only benefits the wealthy or high-income people of America. In fact, what this bill is about is not worrying just about income, but it is an effort through what we do on capital gains and what we do on dividend taxation to encourage the creation of wealth.  We are not starting from ground zero here in the creation of wealth. This was started by the people themselves over the last now maybe a couple of decades. Because just 20 years ago, maybe less than that, about 12 percent of the people in the country had money invested in the stock market or had pensions and 401(k)s that were dependent upon the stock market. Today that is about 55 percent of the people in the country. So there is an expansion of instruments leading to the creation of wealth. There is a broader range of people in the United States now, compared to 10 years ago, or let's say 20 years ago, who have an interest in the stock market. So I want to discuss the importance of the accuracy of the data in the debate over the bipartisan tax relief package before us.  In this and all tax policy debates, it is very important to have accurate data and to debate the issues in an intellectually honest manner. Involved is the key question of whether a tax relief package is fair. In evaluating fairness, we frequently look at whether a proposal retains or improves the progressivity of our tax system.  We have critics of President Bush's growth plan who attempt to use what we call distribution tables to show that a certain proposal--in this case President Bush's proposal--disproportionately benefits upper-income taxpayers. Let me say flat out this is factually inaccurate. But more importantly, it misses the point of this legislation for several reasons I want to present to my colleagues.  Make no bones about it, this is not a tax relief package for the sole purpose of just giving more money back to the taxpayers. It is for the purpose of doing that with the end result that it will lead to the creation of jobs and it will cause our economy to grow, which is necessary to create jobs. As such, the proposal attempts to promote investment incentives so that companies will purchase capital and labor. Although the package is balanced between consumption and investment, it is the investment-side incentive that will result in long-term economic growth.  What we are trying to do is enhance the capital-to-labor ratio. When there is a surplus of capital, that is when labor benefits. When there isn't capital to invest, there is a surplus of labor and consequently labor cannot advance up the economic ladder the way we want all Americans to be able to do. But when you bring in a surplus of capital that is invested, there is an increase in demand for labor. When there is an increase in the demand for labor, wages and benefits go up for working men and women. This bill is all about increasing--or at least a good part of it; some of it is oriented toward consumer spending, but a good part of this is oriented towards encouragement for capital and enhancing that capital-to-labor relationship.  Those who criticize this plan for benefiting wealthy taxpayers assume the rich stay rich and the poor stay poor through a lifetime. It is almost ``born rich, you are always rich; born poor, you are always poor.'' That is notAmerica. America is all about economic mobility, the dynamics of the free marketplace. That gives people opportunity to improve themselves and that is what America is all about.  Recent studies, including one produced by the National Center for Policy Analysis, indicate this is untrue, that the rich are always rich and the poor are always poor. The study measures income mobility by breaking same-age workers into five income levels and monitoring their movement between the income quintiles over a period of 15 years. The study shows there is considerable economic mobility in America and that large numbers of people move up and down the economic ladder in relatively short periods of time.  Moreover, in recent years, earnings mobility has in fact increased. The study demonstrates that within a single 1-year timeframe, one-third of the workers in the bottom quintile moved up and, in fact, one-fourth of the workers in the top 20 percent of our population moved down. One-half of the remaining labor force changed quintiles within that year, and 60 percent of the workers are upward mobile within 10 years.  The University of Michigan study also concluded that taxpayers tend to move between income groups during their lifetime. It is quite obvious how much sense this makes. It makes a lot of sense.  Taxpayers are likely to be lower income earners early and late in life, but are likely to be higher income earners during their midpoints of life.  My colleagues, just think of your own lifetime starting out in your first job out of high school or your first job out of college. Hasn't there been a great deal of movement during your lifetime, both up and down? We hope most of it is up. But for some, it is down. What allows these people to escape the lowest-income quintile and start earning more money is a college education and acquiring necessary skills on the job.  Interestingly, anecdotal evidence shows that 80 percent of the individuals in the Forbe's 400 list were self-made as opposed to those who inherited fortunes. Again, this underlies the importance of taking advantage of educational opportunities. Education allowed these people to overcome differences in income, increase their chances to escape low-wage jobs, and determine the success of their future earnings.  These findings are backed by a third study produced by the Financial Services Roundtable by the same organization I have been quoting, the NCPA. This study confirms that there is substantial economic mobility between generations. Almost 60 percent of the sons whose parents' incomes were in the bottom 20 percent are in higher income groups. Thirty-one percent have incomes in the top 60 percent.  Therefore, whoever is saying that once rich, Americans always stay rich and once poor, they always stay poor are purely mistaken.  I welcome this data on this important matter for one simple reason. It sheds light on what America really is all about. We are a nation of vast opportunities. We are a nation of tremendous economic mobility by people from all over the world. Our country truly provides unique opportunities for everyone. These opportunities include better education, health care services, financial security but, most importantly, our country provides people with freedom to obtain necessary skills to climb the economic ladder and to live better lives.  We are a free nation. We are a mobile nation. We are a nation of hard-working, innovative, skilled, and resilient people who like to take risks when necessary in order to succeed.  We have an obligation as lawmakers to incorporate these fundamental principles into our tax system, and this bill succeeds in doing that.  If I could, I would like to continue on an item that was in the Senate bill more specifically than I have spoken about the bill in the past. I want to speak about a provision that was, in fact, dropped in conference. It was very important to Zell Miller, the Senator from Georgia.  On a preliminary point, I express my appreciation to Senator Miller for his support of the President's package. It has not been easy for a person from the other side of the aisle to be so consistent in their support. But he has been a fearless man with the Marine courage and conviction that is in his background.  Senator Miller discussed a proposal regarding CEOs to sign a corporate tax return. This measure has been in the tax shelter curtailment proposal passed by the Senate Finance Committee. I support the proposal.  I share Senator Miller's commonsense view of this proposal. As does Senator Miller, I think CEOs ought to be accountable on their companies tax returns just as individuals are. Unfortunately, I was not able to secure Senator Miller's position in conference. I faced two barriers. One was a potential procedural problem. The other, the opposition of the House to any proposals that raised revenue.  Despite my effort, I was not able to deliver this provision back to the Senate for Senator Miller. But I would like to make clear to downtown lobbyists and to corporate America that Senator Miller and I will be back on this very important provision.  Chairman Thomas and his staff know the importance of this issue to Senator Miller and to me. I have let them know that we will be back at it in legislation that has passed the Senate called the CARE Act--that is a charitable giving act--or if we don't do it there, we will do it in other tax legislation this year.  At a later point in this debate, Senator Miller and I may engage in a colloquy on this very important subject to all of us; but very important for Senator Miller because of his instigation of it, the CEO signature provision.  I yield the floor.  