 President, before the Senator from New Jersey leaves, I want to speak about a couple of words which he mentioned. And I don't say it to take exception with what he said or to quibble with his description of the legislation before us. But if the President of the United States saw Senator Grassley speaking right after some words that the Senator from New Jersey used about legislation, the President would be offended because I found fault with the President using those very same words back on December 10 last year when I had my first meeting with the President on the Medicare issue.  The words that the Senator from New Jersey used about the legislation before the Senate is that it is cobbled up. As everyone in this body knows, for about a year and a half I worked with five Members of this body on what was then called the tripartisan plan. The President started his lecture to me last December, something along this line: We have to have a dramatic change of Medicare. We have to provide prescription drugs for the seniors. We have to change Medicare for the future. He says: We do not want something like that cobbled-up tripartisan plan.  Obviously, the President cannot know everything that goes on in the Congress of the United States about forming legislation, but if he knew the hours and hours, not only at the staff level but at the Member level, that went into the tripartisan plan that we unfolded here a year ago in July, the President would not use the words ``cobbled up.'' I never heard the President use the words ``cobble up'' after that because I tried to impress upon him there was a great deal of thought, a great deal of hard work, and most importantly, time, plus bill compromise that the word ``tripartisan'' implies to bring together where we were at that time.  If he had appreciated it, he would see we have to have the same sort of thought and hard work go into what he was thinking about. I never heard him say that again. I am reminded of that story now that the Senator from New Jersey said this legislation is cobbled together.  To some extent, I suppose every political compromise, for every piece of legislation, one could use those words to describe it. I know the Senator from New Jersey participates in a lot of very difficult legislation in the committees he serves on and knows what it takes to put a bill together. However, I look at this piece of legislation, the compromise it takes, the hard work it takes, all the long hours it takes, as not a perfect piece of legislation but surely not a cobbled-together piece of legislation.  From that point of view I will respond not to the Senator from New Jersey any further but to speak about some of the aspects of this legislation as we get ready to vote on it tomorrow.  