 For some of the seniors below 160 percent of the Federal poverty level, there is no asset test.  Currently, in order for some of the individuals below 160 percent of poverty to receive the most generous low-income subsidies, there is an asset test and there ought to be. The crafting of this bill provided everyone a conscientious effort and decision to make possible this legislation and to make it well balanced. There were extra dollars and the decision was made to fill in the coverage gap rather than eliminate the assets test. There is no limitless amount of funds for this prescription drug benefit.  We are in a position of zero sum gain. We have $400 billion under the budget to work with. This bill works to do the most for all Medicare beneficiaries. Seniors with incomes below 160 percent and who do not pass the established asset test still receive a very generous low-income subsidy. These beneficiaries will not have a gap in coverage.  This amendment by the Senator from New Mexico will add unknown costs to the current bill. It will change the structure of the bill and affect the current Medicaid Program by adding costs that are very substantial in the outyears. Therefore, when we vote tomorrow on the Bingaman amendment I hope we will have a strong vote against it. Not that I denigrate in any way the intentions of the Senator from New Mexico. I know him to be a very conscientious Senator, to do well, and tobe very thoughtful in his approach. Obviously, on this point he has some disagreement with the product of our committee that was voted out 16 to 5 last Thursday.  But, here again, we have to do the most we can within the $400 billion that the Budget Committee has given us to work with for providing a prescription drug benefit to our seniors as part of improving and strengthening the Medicare Program overall. We could have put more money into the asset test as he indicates he wants to do now with this amendment. We chose, as I indicated before, to help more people with the same amount of money by filling in the gap or, as some people would say, the donut hole.  We believe we should put as much effort as we can into taking care of that problem because, to help the very same people Senator Bingaman wants to help, we have put a lot of resources into the effort of prescription drugs for seniors, for those below 160 percent of poverty.  So, once again, I urge the amendment be defeated when we vote on it tomorrow.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  