 President, I am happy we were able to get an extension of unemployment compensation earlier today so there is a seamless flow of checks from December 28 through the period of our new legislation. If we had not completed it today, and hopefully in the House tomorrow and with the President's signature on Thursday, there would have been a lapse of those checks. We could have gone back and made up the difference but there still would have been a period of time that unemployed people would not get checks. I know there was a lot of concern on the other side of the aisle that we were trying to pass this too quickly. I am glad they backed down and allowed us to move ahead.  During the debate that took the form of reserving the right to object, there were a number of statements made about what they wanted to do. I take the opportunity to clarify the record of what my Democratic colleagues were really talking about. A number of colleagues have made the statement that the unemployment extension we passed earlier today leaves out a million workers.  Under the regular State unemployment program--and this is under longstanding law--workers are entitled to as much as 26 weeks of unemployment benefits. Under the temporary federally funded unemployment program that Congress passed last March, which we are continuing now, those who exhaust their State regular unemployment benefits can receive up to 13 weeks of additional benefits. In addition, the program we passed last March provided up to 13 weeks of yet more benefits in extremely high unemployment States. In those high unemployment States, that means a maximum of 26 weeks of Federal benefits on top of the usual 26 weeks of State benefits. I repeat, workers in every State can collect 39 weeks of benefits--26 weeks State, plus 13 weeks Federal. And workers in high unemployment States can collect 52 weeks of benefits--26 weeks of State benefits and 13 weeks Federal, plus an additional 13 weeks for unemployed people in the high unemployment States.  As we discussed, the bill we passed earlier today would allow more than 2 million workers to collect extended benefits through May of this year. According to some of my Democratic colleagues, that is not enough. 