 President, I will answer the Senator's question by giving some detail about the issue of the asset test. It is a legitimate point of discussion as we deal with this legislation. Rather than just speaking specifically to his question, I answer it more generally with how we try to respond to the issues he brought up.  The asset test in the underlying bill is the same asset test currently used for determining eligibilities for the qualified Medicare beneficiaries, specified low-income Medicare beneficiaries, and qualified individuals. Those are three separate categories of low-income people that I just described.  S. 1 provides a generous low-income subsidy for those who are below 160 percent of the Federal poverty level. Currently, in order for some individuals under 160 percent of poverty to receive limited Medicaid protections, there must be both an income test and an asset test. In the underlying bill, we simply follow the same rules in order for low-income beneficiaries to see assistance with their prescription drug coverage. By including the Medicaid asset test for Medicare prescription drug subsidies, we are providing beneficiaries with seamless health coverage. We are not confusing beneficiaries, and we are not adding additional administrative burdens to the States.  I will give some background on the current asset test included in the Medicaid Program. The group called qualified Medicare beneficiaries are individuals below 100 percent of poverty. In 2006, the annual income limit is $9,670 for individuals and $13,051 for couples. This qualified Medicare beneficiary group is allowed to have assets below $4,000 for individuals and $6,000 for couples. That is exactly what the Senator from West Virginia asked me about and implied some limitations because of that.  Yes, there are limitations because of that, but they are legitimate limitations within the priorities of our $400 billion budget limit.  Then we have the category of specified low-income Medicare beneficiaries, and then the qualified, and those are people with incomes between 100 percent of poverty and 135 percent of poverty. In 2006, the annual income limits of this group, $13,054 for individuals, $17,618 for couples, these two groups are allowed to have assets below $4,000 for individuals and $6,000 for couples. Beneficiaries between 136 percent of poverty and 159 percent of poverty will have annual income limits of $15,472 for individuals and $20,881 for couples in 2006. Beneficiaries between 136 and 159 percent of poverty would not be subject to those asset rules.  Current law establishes resource limits for low-income elderly or disabled individuals. Let me emphasize, this is not a newly added restriction on certain low-income Medicare beneficiaries. However, current law also provides States with the flexibility to choose to disregard all or part of these resources.  The issue of changing this asset test is one that would very drastically increase the number of eligible beneficiaries. Understand that the question the Senator from West Virginia raised about changing the asset test would very dramatically increase the number of people eligible.  Now, again, we get back to the priorities of fitting in the $400 billion in the budget. Give more help to this group of people that already have some help from our legislation, then there is less for other people, particularly less for people who have no help whatever.  A study was prepared by the Kaiser Family Foundation estimating this group could be as many as 11 million individuals if the asset test were eliminated and obviously to a lesser extent if it were increased by some amount.  S. 1 currently includes a provision requiring the General Accounting Office to conduct a study and make recommendations to Congress by the year 2007 regarding the extent to which drugutilization and access to covered drugs differs between qualifying dual eligibles who receive subsidies and individuals who do not qualify solely because of the application of the asset test. This report ensures that there will be opportunities in the future to debate the question raised by the Senator from West Virginia.  There is a limited number of dollars available for the Medicare drug benefit. In the writing of this bill, we made a conscious decision to devote excess dollars to filling the gap in coverage--which means what we commonly refer to around here as the donut hole--rather than eliminating or changing to some extent the asset test the Senator from West Virginia is asking me about.  This bill already provides generous coverage to low-income seniors. This amendment will not only cost more money, it will add more confusion to both States and Medicare beneficiaries.  I hope I have sufficiently explained the rationale behind our bill. I may not have directly answered the question of the Senator from West Virginia, but I thought I should take time to explain the rationale behind our bill.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  