 President, I put before you not a tax amendment, but I am addressing a funding crisis that affects rural America. I am talking about the issue of Medicare.  We have heard a lot about relief to States and about Medicaid during this debate, and legitimately so. But there has been no discussion of the role Medicare plays in keeping our health care infrastructure strong in rural States like mine.  Today, our rural health infrastructure is falling apart. Hospitals and home health agencies in rural areas lose money on every Medicare patient they see. Services are being slashedand staff are being cut, all to make ends meet and keep the facility open--but not to keep it open with the quality of care that ought to be there, or to meet necessarily all the needs of the community.  Medicare formulas penalize rural physicians in 30 States by reducing their payments below those of their urban counterparts for the very same service. Small physician clinics, and especially solo practitioners, who are facing rising malpractice premiums on top of the Medicare formula inequities are on the verge of closing up shop. My amendment takes important steps toward correcting geographic disparities that penalize rural health care providers.  I will summarize some of the key provisions of the amendment. On hospitals, we eliminate the disparity between large urban hospitals and small urban and rural hospitals by equalizing inpatient-based payment. The hospitals in my State and in other rural areas are paid 1.6 percent less on every discharge. That is a $14 million loss every year in my State.  We received bipartisan support to temporarily end this inequity in the fiscal year 2003 omnibus appropriations bill, but it is time to end this inequity in a permanent way.  We also revise the labor share of the wage index for inpatient hospitals. The wage index calculation is killing our hospitals in rural areas. They have to compete with larger hospitals in the big cities for the same small pool of nurses and physicians. But because of the inequity in the wage index, these hospitals are not able to offer the kinds of salaries and benefits that attract health care workers. This amendment would reduce the labor share of the wage index from 71 percent to 62 percent.  We strengthen and improve the Critical Access Hospital Program which has been so successful in keeping open the doors of some of our most remote hospitals. We also create a low volume adjustment for those small rural hospitals that are not able to benefit from the Critical Access Hospital Program. These hospital corrections are not partisan rhetoric. They are supported by the nonpartisan Medicare Payment Advisory Committee, by the CMS administrator in a recent letter to the House Ways and Means Committee, and by 31 bipartisan Members of the Senate rural health caucus.  For doctors, my amendment ends once and for all the penalty Medicare imposes on doctors who choose to practice in rural areas of our country. Medicare adjusts payments to doctors downward based on where they live, but, in fact, the value of a physician's service is the same in Brooklyn, IA, as it is in Brooklyn, NY, but the Medicare formula does not think so. My amendment changes that and sets a floor for all physician payments that will end the negative adjustment doctors in Iowa and 30 other States currently face.  My bill also provides assistance to other rural health care providers, such as ambulance services and home health agencies which millions of seniors in rural areas rely on every day.  Providers in rural States, such as Iowa, practice some of the lowest cost, highest quality medicine in the country. This is widely understood by researchers, academics, and citizens of those States, but it is not recognized by the impersonal formulas of Medicare. Medicare instead rewards providers in high-cost, inefficient States with bigger payments that have the perverse effect of incentivizing overutilization of services and also poor quality.  My legislation is paid for not by taking resources away from our growth and jobs package, nor by taking money away from those high-cost States that I mentioned, but by other modifications to the Medicare Program that make good policy sense.  I want to emphasize that because every other amendment we have had before the Senate today has taken money out of the tax package to spend someplace else. My amendment does not affect the tax provisions of this legislation.  This amendment represents a fair and balanced approach to improving equity in rural America. I urge my colleagues to support its adoption today. For those of us from rural States, our doctors, hospitals, and whole communities are counting on us.  I yield the floor.  