 President, I rise once again to speak in support of the confirmation of Miguel Estrada, an exceptionally well qualified nominee who does not deserve to have his nomination obstructed by this filibuster. I have been a strong supporter of Mr. Estrada's since he came before the Judiciary Committee last year. At that time, I argued that his nomination should come up for a floor vote, but we were not allowed to vote on his nomination then. Here we are a year later, and I am still strongly supporting Mr. Estrada, and I am still arguing for a floor vote, and that vote is still being refused. I think it is shameful to continue holding up the vote on this very qualified judicial nominee, who, by the way, will make an excellent member of the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit.  I know my colleagues heard Mr. Estrada's credentials many times last week. In fact, I am pretty sure that some of my colleagues could quote his credentials in their sleep. However, I think it is important that the Senate is reminded of how qualified this nominee is who is being filibustered. Not only is he regarded as one of the Nation's top appellate lawyers, having argued 15 cases before the Supreme Court of the United States, but the American Bar Association, which I think Democrats consider the gold standard of determination of the person's qualifications to be a judicial nominee, has given him a unanimous rating of, in their words, ``well qualified.'' This happens to be the highest American Bar Association rating. It is a rating they would not give to just any lawyer who comes up the pike. According to the American Bar Association, quoting from their standard:       To merit a rating of well qualified, the nominee must be at      the top of the legal profession in his or her legal      community, having outstanding legal ability, breadth of      experience, the highest reputation for integrity and either      have demonstrated or exhibited the capacity for judicial      temperament.  We ought to demand that more qualified people like Miguel Estrada be appointed to the bench rather than fighting his nomination.  As my colleagues know, I am not a lawyer. There is nothing wrong with going to law school, but I did not. I have been on the Judiciary Committee my entire time in the Senate. I know some of the qualifications that are needed to be a Federal judge, particularly a Federal judge on this DC Circuit that handles so many appeals from administrative agencies and is often considered, by legal experts, to be the second highest court of our land.  Mr. Estrada's academic credentials are stellar. He graduated from Columbia University with his bachelor's degree magna cum laude and was also a member of Phi Beta Kappa. Then he earned his juris doctorate from Harvard University, also magna cum laude, where he was editor of the Harvard Law Review. Mr. Estrada did not just attend Harvard Law School; he graduated with honors. He also served as the editor of the Harvard Law Review. To be selected as the editor of a law review is a feat that only the most exceptional of law students attain.  While Mr. Estrada certainly has the intellect required to be a Federal judge, his professional background also gives testament to his being qualified for a Federal Court of Appeals judgeship as opposed to just any judgeship.  After law school, Mr. Estrada served as a law clerk to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals and as a law clerk to Justice Kennedy, on the United States Supreme Court. Subsequently, he served as an Assistant US Attorney and deputy chief of the appellate section of the US Attorney's Office of the Southern District of New York, and then as assistant to the Solicitor General of the United States of America.  Mr. Estrada has been in the private sector as well. He is a partner with the Washington, DC, office of the law firm of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher. In this exceptional career, Mr. Estrada has argued 15 cases before the United States Supreme Court. He won nine of those cases. Mr. Estrada is not just an appellate lawyer; he is one of the top appellate lawyers in the country. So for a young lawyer, I think I can give my colleagues a person who can truly be labeled an American success story. In fact, instead of degrading his ability to serve as a circuit court judge, we should all be proud of Mr. Estrada's many accomplishments.  This is the nominee that the Democrats are filibustering. I fail to understand why a nominee of these outstanding qualifications, and who has been honored by the ABA with its highest rating, would be the object of such obstruction. In all my years on the Judiciary Committee--and that has been my entire tenure in the Senate--Republicans never once filibustered a Democratic President's nominee to the Federal bench. There are many I may have wanted to filibuster, but I did not do it--we did not do it--because it is not right.  In fact, as I understand it, in the entire history of the Senate neither party has ever filibustered a judicial nominee. Going back over 200 years, Republicans and Democrats have resisted the urge to obstruct a nominee by filibustering. Good men of sound judgment have come to the conclusion that to use this tool of last resorts to obstruct a nomination is, at best, inappropriate, and, at worst, just down right wrong.  This nominee, like all nominees, deserves an up-or-down vote. Anything less is absolutely unfair. I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will reconsider this filibuster. The Senate should not cross this Rubicon and establish new precedent for the confirmation process.  Over 40 newspapers from across the country have published editorials advocating that the Senate give Mr. Estrada a vote. Even the Washington Post, which is not exactly a bastion of conservatism, published an editorial last week entitled, ``Just Vote.'' In that editorial, the Post correctly characterized the Democrats obstructionist efforts. With regard to the Democrat request for the internal memos Mr. Estrada drafted while he was in the Solicitor General's Office, the Post saidthat this filibuster of Mr. Estrada goes beyond the normal political confirmation games, because,       Democrats demand, as a condition of a vote, answers to      questions that no nominee should be forced to address--and      that nominees have not previously been forced to address.  I agree with the Post:       It's long past time to stop these games and vote.  I make a unanimous consent request that this Washington Post editorial, ``Just Vote'' be printed in the Record after my statement.  