 President, an amendment will be offered tomorrow which Senator Breaux has already spoken in favor of. I wanted to speak in support of the language that is in the bill. I am speaking against the amendment which will be offered by Senator Breaux tomorrow.  The policy issue presented by repeal of section 911 is whether taxpayer dollars should be used to underwrite an employer's cost of sending employees overseas. Section 911 excludes from tax the first $80,000 of foreign wages and additional foreign housing costs that are paid for by the employer. Under normal tax rules, these amounts would be taxable. According to the latest IRS data, 358,000 taxpayers claim this exclusion, yet repeal of the exemption raises $35 billion.  The reason repeal raises so much is because many U.S. citizens living overseas don't pay tax to either the United States or even to the foreign country. The section 911 is skewed heavily towards upper-income taxpayers. The more a person owns, the more they can exclude free foreign housing.  Section 911 then is a subsidy to an employer for the costs of sending employees overseas. Section 911 only applies to private sector employees who move overseas of their own free will. It is not available to government or military employees stationed overseas who are obviously there through somebody's command and not by their own choice.  Most employers offer their overseas employees ``tax equalization'' packages which guarantee the employee will not pay more taxes working overseas than they would pay if they were working within the United States.  Section 911 reduces the amount of tax an employer has to reimburse under those agreements, making it then a help to the employer as much as to the employee.  Why does this make any sense? Obviously, I feel it makes sense or itwouldn't be in this bill that I present to the Senate. If an employer sends an employee from Florida, which has no income taxes, to Massachusetts, which has very high income taxes, we do not provide such a subsidy.  Why do we subsidize moving employees overseas? I think sending employees overseas should be a business decision, not a tax decision. Repeal will not cause U.S. citizens to be double taxed. A U.S. citizen who earns income that is taxed by a foreign country is allowed to reduce their U.S. taxes for any foreign income taxes paid. A foreign tax credit is not allowed, however, for foreign property and gas taxes and levies for social programs sponsored by the governments of foreign countries.  We do not subsidize those taxes or those policies. Many claim U.S. exports are enhanced by sending U.S. personnel overseas. However, there is no basis for such a claim. Whether a U.S. company uses U.S. products in its foreign operations is a business decision of the U.S. employer. It is not determined by the nationality of the foreign manager.  It has come to our attention that certain nonprofits, charities, and religious organizations use section 911 to further their overseas activities. We plan to work with these organizations to exempt these activities.  Section 911 is a tax loophole that forces you and me, as well as every other taxpayer out there throughout the United States, to subsidize high-paid corporate employees and their companies. It is unfair, and the Congress needs to fix it, and the legislation before us fixes it.  The Breaux amendment, if agreed to, would take that fix out of this legislation. Everyone voting for the Breaux amendment will be voting for these tax benefits the rest of us are paying for.  So obviously, tomorrow, I urge the defeat of the Breaux amendment.  I yield the floor.  Madam President, I yield the Senator from Pennsylvania such time as he may consume.  