 This is on the Dorgan amendment. It might be in the form of asking rhetorical questions or what have you. But first of all, I want to say to my friend from Montana, the distinguished ranking member of this committee, that for this farmer to be called a lawyer, if he were not a good friend of mine, I would take offense.  Regardless, before us is this amendment that reduces the amount of Social Security income that must be reported for taxation. One of the issues I didn't mention in my debate against the amendment is the fact that all the money raised from this tax goes into the Medicare health insurance trust fund. We all know the Medicare Program is in much more serious condition than the Social Security Program.  The Medicare trust fund has a drop dead date of 2026. The Social Security trust fund has a drop dead date of 2042. None of those dates are anything that I am making light of, that they are so far off that we should not be concerned. We have to be very concerned. But people ought to understand that to the extent this amendment is adopted, it would take money out of the Medicare health insurance trust fund. And I don't think we ought to be doing anything to weaken the Medicare trust fund. I would rather refer to a point made by the two Senators from North Dakota, most often made by the sponsor of this amendment. I cannot help but ask both of these Senators who are trying to make an issue about this bill by saying that this bill will increase the debt. Somehow that just doesn't add up, when you consider the thrust of their amendment.  How does this amendment they have before us reduce the debt? The bottom line of the bill is exactly the same with or without the Dorgan amendment. In other words, it costs the same as the underlying bill. So, again, we have people speaking on three sides of a two-sided coin. Senator Dorgan's amendment will increase the debt, so I don't hear any more about increasing the debt on the part of the underlying bill, because with their amendment, we end up exactly in the same place.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (