 I filed it as an amendment to S. 1. I do it in a bipartisan way with Senator Leahy and many others.  Our amendment will help Federal regulators ensure that antitrust laws are not being violated and that there is full and unfettered access to competition for prescription drugs under the law.  What I want to do is make sure American consumers--and in the case of prescription drugs for Medicare, senior citizens--are able to get the lifesaving drugs they need and to do it in a competitive manner with resulting lower prices.  Our patent laws provide drug companies with incentives to invest in the research and development of new drugs,but the law also provides that generic drug companies have the ability to get their own drugs on the market so there can be price competition and lower prices for prescription drugs. We have a legal system in place that provides such a balance; that is, the Hatch-Waxman law. Ultimately, we want consumers and seniors to have more choices and to get drugs at lower prices.  So I was concerned when I heard reports that the Federal Trade Commission had brought enforcement actions against brand-name and generic drug manufacturers that had entered into anticompetitive agreements, resulting in the delay of the introduction of lower priced drugs. Our amendment targets this problem.  I would like to explain in a little more detail the problem. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, manufacturers of generic drugs are encouraged to challenge weak or invalid patents on brand-name drugs so that consumers can benefit from lower generic drug prices. Current law gives temporary protection from competition to the first generic drug manufacturer that gets exclusive permission to sell a generic drug before the patent on the brand-name drug expires. This gives the generic firm, then, a 180-day head start on all other generic companies.  However, the FTC discovered that some companies were exploiting this law by entering into secret deals, which allowed the generic drugmakers to claim a 180-day grace period, and to block, then, other generic drugs from entering the market, while at the same time getting paid by the brand-name manufacturer for withholding sales of generic versions of the drug. Quite a sweet deal.  This meant, then, under this sweet deal, that consumers continued to pay high prices for drugs rather than benefiting from more competition and consequently lower prices.  The Federal Trade Commission brought antitrust law enforcement actions against the brand-name and generic drug companies that had engaged in this anticompetitive behavior. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission conducted a comprehensive review of agreements that impacted the 180-day exclusivity period. The FTC found that there are competition problems with some of these agreements that potentially delayed generic drugs entering the market--just the opposite of what the FTC wanted to happen. So the FTC made this recommendation:  Given this history, we believe that notification of such agreements to the Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice is warranted. We support the Drug Competition Act of 2001, introduced by Senator Leahy, as reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.  As the Federal Trade Commission has indicated in its report, the Grassley-Leahy amendment, the Drug Competition Act of 2003, is a simple solution to the 180-day exclusivity period and the problems the FTC has identified. Our amendment would require drug companies that enter into agreements relating to the 180-day period to file documents, those very documents with the FTC and the Department of Justice. Our amendment would impose sanctions on companies that do not provide timely notification. This process would facilitate agency review of the agreements. It would do it to determine whether they have anticompetitive effects. Making sure the agreement between the generic and brand-name drug companies is in compliance with the law is good for the American consumer because it guarantees free, full, and fair competition.  Both Senator Leahy and I worked with the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice, the generic and brand-name drug companies, and other interested groups in crafting the language contained in this amendment, and I think we have a very good work product that I am offering the Senate. We tried to address everyone's concerns and we tried to limit the scope of the act. We also made every attempt to ensure that the notification requirement did not unnecessarily burden industry.  I am not aware of any opposition to this language. In fact, the Drug Competition Act, passed out of the Judiciary Committee and the full Senate last year by unanimous consent, and the Federal Trade Commission report came out in full support of the Grassley-Leahy amendment as a way to help preserve healthy and open competition in the drug markets.  The Grassley-Leahy amendment will ensure that consumers ultimately are not hurt by secret, anticompetitive contracts, so the consumer can get competition and lower drug prices almost immediately. I urge my colleagues to support the Grassley-Leahy amendment.  I yield the floor.  