 President, I yield myself such time as I consume.  I have enjoyed listening to this debate. It is just like being in another world. The reason I say that is, why do you think that we tax 85 percent of Social Security income for certain Americans in the higher income tax brackets--I would say even in the middle-income tax brackets--at 85 percent? That was done in 1993. Do the people who have just spoken forget that every one of them voted that increase, to have the Social Security income be taxed at 85 percent of that income that has to be reported? Every one of the people who have spoken are responsible for that level of income reporting of 85 percent being on the tax books. Why do they want to repeal what they are responsible for passing? During the debate on the tax bill, every one of the Democratic Senators now serving in the Senate, except for Senator Bingaman from New Mexico, voted to have this money taxed. Now they are trying to take it out.  On June 24, 1993, there was an amendment offered by Senator Lott to change the amendment which was in the Democrat tax increase bill at that time to not report 85 percent of Social Security income for taxation. The rollcall shows that the motion to table was agreed to 51 to 46. The 51 Members who voted at that particular time were the ones who were voting to keep the level of Social Security income that was taxed at 85 percent and which needed to be reported. Every Democrat still serving in the Senate voted to table Senator Lott's amendment. Every Republican voted not to table the Lott amendment, which meant that every Republican was voting against that. We had the support of Senator Bingaman--the only Democrat from whom we had support.  They wonder why I am amused? If they think it is so bad today, why didn't they think it was bad 10 years ago? And we wouldn't even be debating this issue. It looks to me as if they want to maybe detract from the mistakes of the past. I don't know.  But also, earlier this year, on an amendment by Senator Bunning to the Budget Act, the very same Members opposing this amendment voted against the very same amendment when Senator Bunning offered it. What has happened in the last month? Do they realize that maybe the vote at that time was wrong and they have to have cover? I don't know. But every one of the Members who are proposing this amendment or speaking for it voted just the opposite way on Senator Bunning's amendment. That amendment was defeated 48 to 51.  But there are bigger things to worry about than how people voted in the past. I want the public to understand that there is some game playing going on here. We are talking about serious business as well. We are talking about a jobs bill before the Senate to give tax relief to American working men and women so they can have more money in their pockets.  To get the cover that some people need for previous votes, they are going to take tax decreases away from middle-class Americans to pay for that. I will be a little more specific on that in just a minute.  I have to repeat something I said in my opening remarks. We just heard a speech on the debt situation which might be forthcoming if we grow the economy. Reducing taxes is one way to grow the economy and will not have the debt situation we found with the growth we had in the 1990s. We paid down the national debt $550 billion.  We hear about this debt situation. My friends on the other side of the aisle are worried about the debt. They said if we adopt the President's plan, we are going to have greater debt. If they are so concerned about the debt, why didn't they offer all of their amendments on the budget bill about a month ago? They wanted to take money away from the tax reduction aspect of the budget. It begins at the bottom line. They took money away from tax decreases and spent it someplace else. If they are concerned about the national debt, it seems to me--and they believe that one more dollar coming into the Federal Treasury is going to reduce the national debt--they shouldn't have been offering amendments to spend it someplace else. But they are very consistent in doing that. Amendment after amendment after amendment took money away from the tax reduction figure in the budget, which this bill is a result of, and spent it someplace else.  Do you know why? I think there is a difference in philosophy between my party and the other party. That difference in philosophy is very basic to this debate going on today. I just think people ought to realize that this is not a Republican-Democrat fight, or some little cat fight over some little bill in the Senate.  There is the difference between one party that believes money in the pockets of 110 million taxpayers is going to do more economic good if the 110 million taxpayers spend it or invest it than if I, Senator Grassley, and 534 others here in DC are going to make that decision. We have to believe that if the money is in the pockets of 110 million taxpayers and they spend it or invest it, it is going to do more economic good. It is going to turn over more times in the economy. It will respond to the dynamics of our free market economy rather than a political decision being made about what to do with it.  Obviously, I believe people on the other side of the aisle have the attitude that we in Congress know better than they do how to spend the taxpayers' money. If we are going to have a tax reduction, that will mean less money for us to spend. But it ignores the economic good that comes from private sector investment and private sector spending as opposed to public sector spending.  I think there is very much an inconsistency here. What we are talking about is a $430 billion tax reduction package--net $350 billion. As we have been told, we have been led to believe that this is responsible for doubling the national debt. This tax package is only one-half of 1 percent of all the dollars that are going to be collected by the Federal Government under existing tax law over the next decade. That is going to be $24.7 trillion. Tell me things are so tight here in Washington, DC, that somehow one-half of 1 cent on the dollar left in the taxpayers' pockets is going to be responsible for doubling the national debt. No. What is going to be responsible for doubling the national debt--if it were to happen; I don't think it is going to happen--is not because the people of this country are undertaxed; it is because this Congress overspends.  There again I would remind the Senator from North Dakota, the distinguished ranking member of the Budget Committee, the President's plan does not follow the pattern of the last few years, where back to back we had 9-percent increases in domestic discretionary spending each of those years. But the President's program, plus the budget of this Congress, has domestic discretionary expenditures not at 9 percent but at 4 percent. Now, yes, that is an increase. That is an increase, but that is an increase that is sustainable over the long haul. Nine-percent budget increases are not sustainable.  We are in a situation where nothing around here surprises me anymore. The very people offering this amendment are the same ones who created this tax increase back in 1993. As I indicated, they even voted against repealing the tax just 2 months ago on the budget resolution.  I think this is an amendment that is trying to fool the American people. Just about every Member on the Republican side has vehemently opposed the Democrats' 1993 tax increase on Social Security. Except for Senator Bingaman, every Democrat in the Senate today voted for that back in 1993. Now they want to try to cover up their votes supporting this tax, and they want to do it by destroying the underlying jobs and growth bill.  This is how they destroy it: The Dorgan amendment strikes our efforts to reduce all marginal tax rates above 10 percent. The efforts to reduce marginal tax rates for the middle class are eliminated by this amendment. As a result, a single mom making $40,000 in taxable income will see no reduction in the tax on her small pay increase. A family with taxable income of $70,000 will see no reduction in their marginal tax rate.  The Dorgan amendment takes away our bill's tax cuts for middle-income Americans. The Senator from North Dakota says this isn't a tax increase. I would like to have you tell that to the single mom, who is one of the targets of this amendment, who, on her pay raise, will not see a reduction in her tax. A vote for this amendment is, in fact, a tax increase, no matter how the authors want to try to dress it up.  I yield the floor.  