 President, I should not take more than 5 minutes, so please tell me when 5 minutes are up.  This is the opportunity, a time of destiny, whether or not this Congress will deliver on the promises of the last three elections, the promises the other party has made as well. Thank God there are people in the Democratic Party who are working in a bipartisan way to deliver on the promises of that party as there are Republicans willing to deliver on the promises of the Republican Party.  Nothing gets done in this body without bipartisanship. This is bipartisan. We are putting aside partisanship. It is time the other side put aside rhetoric and complete our work on this bill for which the AARP says seniors have waited far too long.  This bill offers an affordable, universal prescription drug benefit. This bipartisan bill offers better coverage than today's Medigap policies plus Medicare. It also offers much more generous coverage for 14 million lower income seniors. And just to emphasize this point, this bill does not harm 6 million seniors, as the opponents of this legislation claim. That is political poppycock.  In fact, this bill protects the benefits for these 6 million and then adds generous prescription drug coverage for an additional 8 million. It expands coverage for lower income seniors, far more than anything offered today. This means that for about two in five seniors, this bill offers drug coverage with lower or no premiums, no coverage gap, and coverage of 85 to 95 percent of the cost of prescription drugs. And it is voluntary.  The opponents of this legislation happen to believe--and they sincerely believe--that Government should always force people into doing something. We want the right to choose for our seniors. Seniors can stay in traditional Medicare if they like what they have today and have full access to prescription drugs. There is also a guaranteed Government fallback if private plans might not go to all rural areas of America. This bill protects retiree benefits in the corporation from which they retired. Overall, we put $89 billion in this bill to protect retiree health coverage.  This bill also creates new choices similar to what Federal employees have for beneficiaries in a new revitalized Medicare Advantage Program. With respect to drug costs, the bill speeds the delivery of new generic drugs to the marketplace, lowering drug costs to Americans and not just those on Medicare.  Finally, the bill includes long overdue improvements in Medicare's complex regulations. It also revitalizes the rural health care safety net with the biggest package of rural payment improvements that Congress has ever done or seen. I urge my colleagues to put the interests of our seniors first and give them more choices and better benefits by supporting this bill.  Most importantly, we have brought this bill as far as we have over the last 4 or 5 years because of bipartisanship. I hope this body will not let the narrow partisanship of a few on the other side of the aisle destroy our efforts.  I yield the floor.  