 I very much support this amendment. I do not think we have a hard time convincing the people of this country about the complicated aspects of the Tax Code and the need for something more simple to replace it. There seems to be an overwhelming consensus on the part of the American people about that point.  What we need a national dialog about--and I think this amendment encourages that dialog--as well as a study is what is going to take its place. Seventy percent of the people think the present Tax Code ought to be thrown out, partly because of how complicated it is and because it may be viewed as unfair. There does not seem to be that sort of consensus as to what takes its place.  For instance, I have had opportunities to see surveys where approximately 20 percent of the people want a national sales tax and 30 percent of the people want a flat rate income tax. Maybe Congress ought to show leadership and follow up on that 20 percent or 30 percent, but I do not think that is going to happen until we get some consensus among the American people that is in the 40-percent range of what ought to take the place of the present income tax mess.  The amendment before us is very useful from the standpoint of encouraging congressional committees to do the proper work, but I believe in the final analysis, to get the consensus that it is going to take to bring about a simplified tax system, replacing the present complicated system, is when it becomes part of the national debate between two candidates for President.  For instance, ideally, we have President Bush seeking reelection next year, and he would make an issue out of how complicated the Tax Code is and offer an alternative. Ideally, a flat rate income tax along the lines of what Mr. Forbes did a few years ago when he was running for the Republican nomination and made this type of reform a major plank of his campaign. Ideally, we would have a Democratic candidate who says the current progressive system, even though it is a mess, is what is best for the country. Then we will have a winner out of this that shows a clear division of keeping what we have, which I hope does not happen, or coming up with something new.  That mandate from an election will move the people and the people then will move the Congress. Being chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I should not have to wait for that to happen, but it seems that we have so much work before us dealing with short-term issues that we do not spend time on the long-term policies, which this amendment encourages.  I thank the Senator from Pennsylvania for his amendment. I am going to obviously vote for it. I hope it is adopted overwhelmingly, but I hope it has an impact beyond what we in the Congress will be called upon to study. I hope it has an impact on the next Presidential election.  