 President, I cannot disagree with the Senator from West Virginia, but I think the answer is that there are 50 different answers to his question from the standpoint of there being 50 different States with 50 different budget situations. So there is not just one answer to his question.  Another way to say it is I would have to understand the situation in 50 different States and then, in a sense, give 50 different answers. But there is a recognition on the part of the Congress of what the Senator from West Virginia says and a response by the Federal Government to that, albeit a temporary response, when over a 2-year period of time we decided to put $20 billion of State aid to the States, and we did that through the tax bill recently signed by the President of the United States, of which $10 billion was earmarked for Medicaid solely because the Congress understood the problems the Senator from West Virginia has adequately described, and then another $10 billion of other State aid that a State is free to use for Medicaid or anything else.  I assume some States that have very bad Medicaid fiscal problems might take some more of that additional $10 billion to use for Medicaid.  In further answer to my colleague's question, what we face is the issue of about $16 billion a year just for drug costs. Multiply that times the 10 years we have to look ahead. That is about $160 billion, I believe, of the $400 billion which would go then for groups who are already covered, detracting then from the 30-some percent of people who have no prescription drug coverage.  We would like to fill in the gap of those who have no coverage as opposed to some who have very good coverage. I know it varies from State to State how Medicaid might cover certain groups of seniors with prescription drugs, but I think the Senator would say they have had a better program for sure than most people--except maybe those who are on a corporate retirement plan, which is only about 30 percent of our people--than anybody else, particularly those who have no coverage whatsoever.  In further answer to the question of the Senator from West Virginia, it is a case of priorities. We have suggested those who already have some coverage, and very good coverage, we would basically leave untouched and then would try to use our resources for those who have no coverage whatsoever.  