 President, the Senator from West Virginia raises an important point in his amendment. In the underlying bill from the Senate Finance Committee, beneficiaries who are enrolled in both Medicaid and Medicare--and this is the group we call dual eligibles--would continue to receive drug coverage under the Medicaid Program.  Some of my colleagues have argued that by having dual eligibles remain in the Medicaid Program, Congress is thus treating these vulnerable seniors as second-class citizens and subjecting them to lower quality benefits. I strongly disagree with that point of view.  I have worked closely with my Finance Committee colleagues on the development of this package, and we had an opportunity during this debate to reflect on the concerns that wereraised by the Senator from West Virginia and also by others during the debate last summer of the so-called tripartisan bill, meaning the bill that was before the Senate in 2002.  All of us authoring the underlying bill took these concerns to heart. We made the decision that it was most beneficial to these seniors to continue to build off the existing Medicare and Medicaid low-income assistance programs that they know and understand.  That said, I remind my colleagues that the intent of this legislation is to expand prescription drug coverage to our senior citizens who do not have access to the prescription drugs and who are faced with paying a large share of their income for their drug coverage.  About two-thirds of the citizens of the United States today have some coverage for prescription drugs. Retirees from major corporations have prescription drugs paid for in their retirement plans. We have people who are in Medicare plus their Medigap policies that also have some coverage, and then we have lower income people who are dual eligibles who are covered under both Medicare and Medicaid. This makes up 60-some percent of the seniors of America who have some drug coverage.  We want to fill in the gap for those who do not have drug coverage or might have inadequate drug coverage. Quite frankly, for people who already have drug coverage, particularly those who have lower incomes, who are covered by State Medicaid Programs, we felt it was best not to upset their coverage, not to give that group any angst about how they might be covered in the future while the debate on this legislation was going on and how it might be put in motion, so we decided just to leave those as is.  The Senator from West Virginia believes it would be better if we would cover them under our plans that are meant for people who have no coverage whatsoever.  We are in a situation where coverage experienced by those who are dual eligible is the issue before us. These seniors currently have drug benefits through the Medicaid Program. In fact, many advocates and beneficiaries describe these benefits as very generous. Medicaid beneficiaries have come to know their drug benefits, along with its nominal levels of cost sharing. We should not require seniors to leave coverage with which they are comfortable.  Further, I remind my colleagues that we are discussing populations eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. Medicaid was created to assist individuals who do not have the means to pay for their share of health care costs. That is a responsibility that is shared by the Federal Government and by State governments. Medicaid pays for many benefits that Medicare does not.  Is the purpose of the prescription drug bill before us to grant fiscal relief to the States, which would be what the amendment of the Senator from West Virginia would do? I do not believe that is what we should be doing.  We all know the purpose of the prescription drug bill is to provide prescription drugs to seniors who do not currently have access to drugs or otherwise would be paying extremely high drug costs and, hence, the provisions of our legislation for catastrophic coverage.  However, recognizing the costs associated with covering the cost of providing prescription drug coverage to dual-eligible populations, the bill before us does provide nearly $18 billion in new Federal dollars to compensate States for some of these additional costs, mostly because it is a fast growing part of the Medicaid budgets of most States.  The funding we provide in this bill will be channeled to States by federalizing the cost of Part B premiums for dual eligibles in a subclass called qualified Medicare beneficiaries. This is because the prescription drug bill before us provides minimum standards that ensure the benefit provided through Medicaid is at the same high quality that is being provided through Part D of our Medicare Program.  As is usually the case, the argument would be made yet that we should still do more and perhaps serve this population differently than we do. But, in fact, we developed the underlying bill to best utilize the availability of $400 billion, an absolute figure that we must be in; otherwise, we are subject to a point of order and, in a sense, instead of 51 votes it takes to pass this body, one could argue it would take 60 votes. If we exceeded the $400 billion, we would have to have 60 votes.  Our approach helps to deliver care that is consistent with current law but, most important, familiar to vulnerable beneficiaries.  A prime rationale behind our legislation is it really does not make seniors do anything they do not want to do. We set up a new Medicare Program that is closer to what baby boomers have in the workplace today. They can choose that or they can choose to stay in the 1965 model Medicare.  People who want to stay in the 1965 model Medicare can choose voluntarily to join a prescription drug program. They do not have to. We wanted to help those who are in Medicaid to stay in Medicaid if they wanted to. They do not have to go into these new programs.  Finally, I remind my colleagues that the adoption of this amendment will not expand coverage at all. It will simply shift the cost to the Federal Government and, in time, to other Medicare beneficiaries.  So after careful thought, because at one time we did debate internally the substance of the amendment by the Senator from West Virginia to federalize all dual eligibles, we thought maybe we should include that in the program, but we figured it raised a lot of questions from people who are already adequately covered and who seemed to be very satisfied.  Also, there are some additional costs that would subtract from what we could do for those who have no coverage for prescription drugs whatsoever, and in order to get the most bang for the dollar within the $400 billion that is in the budget for this program, we decided to leave the dual-eligible program alone. That is why I suggest we defeat Senator Rockefeller's amendment when it comes to a vote.  I yield the floor.  