 They have had a different approach than I have had. I have had what I call a comprehensive, universal, voluntary approach. They havehad one that is more targeted toward low-income people and toward catastrophic. We deal with that in our legislation, but we are very comprehensive. We are very universal. I don't attack their attempt, but it is just not as good as what is before the Senate. S. 1 already reflects the influence of their plan by providing a drug discount card which will give seniors access to discounted drug prices.  I would like to point out a few things. The Hagel-Ensign plan has two laudable objectives: to protect seniors against catastrophic costs and to ensure that low-income seniors are fully protected.  I am happy to report that S. 1 already meets these goals. S. 1 provides a generous protection for low-income beneficiaries, very generous. It also covers fully 90 percent of beneficiaries' out-of-pocket costs beyond $3,700. Most seniors don't have catastrophic drug costs and thus would not see any benefit from the coverage in the Hagel-Ensign plan. S. 1, on the other hand, would provide a significant basic benefit to most seniors each year. Passing a drug bill that most seniors would see no benefit from is a prescription for disaster. I am afraid of that.  So S. 1 already meets the main goals of the Hagel-Ensign plan, but it provides additional value to a much broader group of beneficiaries as well, the underlying bill, the one that they amend, the one they would decimate.  Another thing S. 1 does very well is use competition to maximize value to the taxpayers. There has been some concern that S. 1 doesn't have as much competitive reform as many of us would have preferred. But the Hagel-Ensign plan has far less reform and is much more government run.  I would like to explain: First, this amendment would rule out any true competition in the delivery of Medicare drug benefits. S. 1 would let private drug plans assume a modest amount of financial risk, giving them an incentive to drive hard bargains and keep taxpayers' costs down. It seems to me that is very significant--the difference between the underlying bill and their bill. We are going to drive drug prices down more through competition.  The Hagel-Ensign plan, it is pretty obvious from my point of view, allows for no such exemption, specifically mandating that the Government--in this case we are talking about the taxpayers--bears all the financial risk for delivering the benefit, much as Senator Bob Graham's did the last year when we debated this very issue.  Under this amendment, the benefit would be delivered just like other Medicare benefits are today--by contractors that merely pay the claims that come in without any effort whatsoever, no effort to contain costs.  Second, the Hagel amendment doesn't include any of the improvements to the Medicare Program that President Bush has proposed and our bill includes. It does not include the role for private preferred provider organization plans to deliver an improved Medicare benefit package. It doesn't make modern innovations such as disease management services or rational cost sharing available to beneficiaries who choose them. It simply dumps a catastrophic drug benefit on to the 1965 vintage Medicare system.  What the people of this country need is improvement in Medicare, strengthening of Medicare, voluntary, universal, comprehensive. The Ensign plan wouldn't improve S. 1, but it would make it substantially worse.  I urge my colleagues to defeat the amendment.  I yield the floor.  