  As you know, I have a chart up here talking about the AARP. All of you colleagues on that side of the aisle have been saying to me all day how dastardly it is that the AARP is backing this legislation. Some Members have even spoken of them becoming a political organization. They cannot become a political organization or they will lose their tax-exempt status. But you accuse them of being a tax-exempt organization.  It is funny, last year when they did not come out for the bipartisan bill that several Members brought out, that the Democrat majority did not want to let pass because they wanted an issue in the last election instead of a product, the AARP was not backing what I, Senator Snowe, Senator Jeffords, Senator Breaux, and Senator Hatch wanted to do. Ours was a bipartisan effort, or a tripartisan effort, with Senator Jeffords being an Independent, to get a bill through because you cannot get through anything in this body if it is not bipartisan. The AARP did not like what we were doing. They did not discourage us but they did not help us. They actually sent letters out to support what Senator Kennedy was trying to do a year ago.  I did not accuse the AARP of being a tool of the Democrat Party like Members on the other side are accusing the AARP of being in bed with the Republicans. They are not in bed with the Republicans. They are in bed with a bipartisan group of this body who want to do something for seniors of America. It is funny how the AARP is OK when they are helping Senator Kennedy but they are not OK if they are helping a bipartisan group led by Senator Grassley and Senator Baucus.  I would say they are discretionary in what they do. They may not be consistent, but thank God they are not consistent because they would not be representing the diverse group they represent.  Here is what the AARP says in their endorsement:       AARP believes that millions of older Americans and their      families will be helped by this legislation.  They continue:       This bill provides prescription drug coverage at little      cost to those who need it most: People with low-incomes,      including those who depend on Social Security for all or most      of their income. It will provide substantial relief for those      with very high drug costs and will provide modest relief for      millions more.  The last sentences I will read:       An unprecedented $88 billion will encourage employers to      maintain existing health retiree benefits. The legislation      will help speed generic drugs to market and add important new      preventive and chronic care management services. This      legislation protects poor seniors from future soaring      prescription drug costs.  All the Members complaining about the AARP, put that in your pipe and smoke it.  Then we have the National Council on the Aging:       . . . we find it too difficult to again say to millions of      vulnerable seniors in need: Sorry, come back in a few years      and maybe there will be some help for you then.  Another sentence:       We urge Congress to pass the Medicare bill so that millions      of seniors with greater needs will receive long-awaited and      badly-needed prescription drug coverage.  Are Members trying to tell me the National Council on the Aging does not know what is good for seniors when they see it? Put that in your pipe and smoke it.  The Alzheimer's Association says:       This is a historic accomplishment that may potentially      provide meaningful relief to the 4.5 million Americans      dealing with Alzheimer's disease--many of whom also suffer      other health issues.  That is from Sheldon Goldberg, president and CEO of the Chicago-based national organization for the Alzheimer's Association.  Are Members telling me the Alzheimer's Association cannot make a judgment if this bill is good for their members? Go put that in your pipe and smoke it.  From the American Diabetes Association:       . . . contains important improvements to the Medicare      Program that will benefit many people living with or at risk      for diabetes.       . . . the prescription drug package assists seniors living      with diabetes by providing coverage for insulin and syringes,      a critical component for seniors that take insulin to manage      their diabetes.       . . . the American Diabetes Association supports passage      of--and strongly urges Congress to enact--the Medicare      package as a way to improve the lives of millions of seniors      living with diagnosed and undiagnosed diabetes.  Are Members trying to tell me the American Diabetes Association does not know a good piece of legislation when they see it? Put that in your pipe and smoke it.  We have a statement by Advancing Health in America, AHA, saying:       It provides prescription drug benefits to the elderly and      provides needed Federal relief to hospitals, particularly      rural hospitals.       The legislation includes important provisions that help      patients by providing hospitals the resources necessary to      continue caring for America's seniors.  Tell me an organization called Advancing Health in America does not know what is good for their Members.  From the American Medical Association:       Congress listens to America's patients and physicians who      serve it.       The status quo is unacceptable to patients and their      physicians. The Medicare conference agreement includes      numerous provisions that will improve seniors' access to      medical services.  Tell me the American Medical Association does not know what is good for their members or what is good for their members' patients.  The Arthritis Foundation says:       The Arthritis Foundation supports a Medicare Prescription      Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act for 2003 that for      the first time would provide coverage for prescription drugs      and biologicals for persons with arthritis.  Can Members tell me the Arthritis Foundation does not know what is good for their members, know a good piece of legislation when they see it?  We have the American Pharmacists Association:       . . . APhA supports this as an important, long-overdue step      toward providing Medicare beneficiaries greater access to      medications and critical pharmacist services.       The proposal creates a comprehensive benefit that provides      coverage for drug products and pharmacist services, and      provides seniors their choice of pharmacists and ensures any      willing pharmacist can participate in a plan and incorporates      important administrative efficiencies.  Those Members who oppose this bill, are you trying to tell the people of America that the American Pharmacists Association does not know a good piece of legislation when they see it and that they cannot speak for not only their membership but also their patients and clients they serve?  From the College of American Pathologists:       This legislation will improve Medicare coverage for seniors      and protect access to the physicians and services upon which      they rely for quality of care.       The conference agreement also preserves critical health      care services provided by independent laboratories in to      hospital patients, especially in smaller and rural      communities.  Are Members telling me, as they criticize this legislation, that the College of American Pathologists would support legislation that is not good for their patients and the people they serve?  The Federation of American Hospitals:       This agreement does more to improve Medicare coverage for      seniors than any legislation since its program inception.  That is 38 years.       The Federation of American Hospitals commends President      Bush, the Congressional leadership, and members of the      Medicare Conference Committee for their great efforts in      bringing these vital improvements to the Medicare to      fruition.       H.R. 1 would greatly enhance the ability of hospitals to      provide necessary care medical care to Medicare      beneficiaries. It would make important strides in ensuring      that all hospitals have sufficient funding to meet the      medical needs of this nation's seniors and would particularly      aids though hospitals that serve seniors in rural areas.  Every Member has rural areas in their State. And we have a major hospital association supporting this legislation because it is particularly going to serve seniors in rural America.  Now, tell me that they do not know a good bill when they see it.  Here is something that answers complaints that were heard late this morning or early this afternoon. One of the first speakers on the other side of the aisle, the Senator from Illinois, was complaining about this not doing enough for generics. But here we have the Generic Pharmaceutical Association:       The Generic Pharmaceutical Association today called the      Medicare Conference compromise on generic drugs a tremendous      victory for all consumers that will ensure timely access to      affordable pharmaceuticals. . . .       The House and Senate conferees have met the challenge of      eliminating some of the most serious barriers to generic      competition by closing loopholes that have unnecessarily      delayed the timely introduction of affordable      pharmaceuticals--and American consumers, young and old alike,      will be the winners.  Now, how many of you speaking today have complained about this legislation not doing anything about the cost of drugs? And we know that putting generics on the market sooner is one of the ways to bring down tremendous drug costs.  Now, the Generic Pharmaceutical Association supports this legislation, and yet you do not recognize that they understand a good piece of legislation when they see it.  We have the United Seniors Association:       We commend the Senate and House Conferees on their historic      step to benefit every senior in America. Partisan politics      and rhetoric-without-results on prescription drugs are simply      unacceptable. Years of hard work by many in Congress and      years of heartache for America's seniors have led us to this      point. The whole senior world is watching and Congress must      not collapse so near the finish line.  Are you trying to tell me that the United Seniors Association looks at this legislation and sees it is good for their members, and yet you cannot see that?  We have The 60 Plus Association:       The bill makes available much needed assistance to millions      of seniors who lack any prescription drug coverage.      Significantly, those who can least afford to pay will get the      most help [from this legislation].  From the Rural Hospital Coalition:       We support your efforts to modernize Medicare and give      senior citizens a prescription drug benefit that they      deserve. . . . [T]his bill strengthens health care in rural      America.  From the National Rural Health Association:       This bill is a big boost for the rural healthcare system. .      . . A stronger healthcare system will help revitalize rural      economies which will positively impact rural Americans      throughout the country.  We have the National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization:       NHPCO strongly supports these provisions and believes these      changes will improve the quality and timeliness of hospice      and palliative care for seniors and their families.  From the Mayo Clinic, 150 miles from my home in Iowa:       Mayo Clinic supports the compromise Medicare reform legislation that has emerged from a congressional conference committee.  We have NAMI, The Nation's Voice on Mental Illness:       This conference agreement does represent an improvement for      Medicare beneficiaries living with mental illness. . . . NAMI      feels strongly that it is time for Congress to end partisan      stalemate over this issue and take advantage of the $400      billion available this year to spend on a new drug benefit.  This is kind of a partisan statement I am going to read to you, but it does represent a group of people who are impacted by what we do here with dualeligibles. It is from the Republican Governors Association:       Medicare will provide first-time access to prescription      drug coverage to many of our seniors. The agreement also      assists states with the costs related to the dual eligible      population. Assistance to low income persons as well as      critical protection against high out-of-pocket drug costs are      essential components of this legislation. . . . [T]he      preventive benefits found in this measure will keep our      constituents healthier.  From the Alliance For Aging Research:       With this act the millions of Medicare beneficiaries will      no longer have to wait from 15 months to 5 years for access      to new state-of-the-art medicines and life-saving and life-     enhancing technologies. In addition, and most importantly, it      targets those with the greatest need by providing significant      low-income subsidies for prescription drugs that will assist      millions of Medicare beneficiaries living longer and      healthier lives. . . . This will be a giant step toward      expanding and modernizing Medicare, while preserving the      power of science and technology to improve and enhance the      lives of our people in the future.  Lastly, we have the American Benefits Council, a news release. The headline: ``Medicare, prescription drug reform bill represents historic, positive achievement.''       We urge swift enactment of the legislation. . . .  I have quoted these statements from these outstanding organizations for the Record because they speak louder than any Member of this Senate can about what is good about this legislation.  I would hope that you folks on the other side of the aisle would take these statements into consideration, particularly tomorrow, when I am told 15 of you are going to speak, probably most of you against this legislation. I would appreciate you taking into consideration what these major groups have said.  Madam President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  