 I have had a chance to hear what the Senator from Montana has said about the amendment. I associate myself with his remarks. I also heard what he said about the Senator from Michigan being a fair player and offering alternatives, and I share his compliments of her and how she approaches these issues.  This is a place where we have some honest disagreements. We are going to debate those honest disagreements, and I hope the Senator from Michigan comes out on the short end of this debate when we have a rollcall vote.  Before I make some specific statements in opposition to her amendment, I will state that the chart she has before her right now is an accurate chart, but I would like to comment on it from the standpoint of not being maybe a complete picture. I think the percentages are very accurate but we also need to remember that Medicare+Choice is not offered in all parts of the United States. For instance, in my State of Iowa, there is only 1 county out of 99--and that is Pottawattamie County, Council Bluffs county seat across from Omaha--where there are about 4,000 people out of about 350,000 seniors who belong to a Medicare+Choice plan, and I find that they like it very well. They can join in that county because they are associated with Omaha across the river in Nebraska.  Also in several major cities in California, Arizona, Texas, Florida, and New York there are several, maybe even some rural areas in those States, where they get a very high percentage. Now, how much higher than 11 percent, I do not know, but I remember back in the mid-to-late 1990s that I was able to say--whether I can still say it today, I do not know--that 40 percent of the seniors in some large cities did, in fact, choose Medicare+Choice plans. Whatever higher percentage it is in those cities, we have to realize that people are in these Medicare+Choice plans voluntarily.  I also have come in contact with many Iowans who winter in other States where they have Medicare+Choice, and they do not seem to understand why we cannot have Medicare+Choice in Iowa, and I wonder that myself. I took action in 1997 to very dramatically increase the payment to Medicare+Choices so they would come to the State of Iowa, but they still have not come.  We have increased it from $300 per month per beneficiary up to a national floor now of $490, and they still don't come, even considering the fact that fee for service in Iowa is closer to the $300 per month per beneficiary. So I don't know why we can get almost 50 percent more and at least 70 percent more Medicare+Choice, yet the plans don't come to Iowa.  What I am saying to the Senator from Michigan is it is not fair to say Medicare fee for service is so well liked by seniors, as her chart would imply, that we ought to completely forget about anything but fee for service. In a lot of places people like it. A high percentage of seniors are in it. They are in it voluntarily. They can come in one year and get out the next if they want to go to the fee for service. In my State of Iowa, citizens are irritated because in Arizona they see people getting benefits through Medicare+Choice that we do not get in fee for service within the State of Iowa.  There is nothing wrong with your chart except I think it ought to be magnified to some extent so that there are a lot of people with Medicare+Choice who like it. More would choose it if it was more widely available. That is one of the advantages of our PPO section of the bill before the Senate: to give more people that opportunity. That does not necessarily mean HMO. It can be preferred provider organization or it could even be a fee for service.  Let me get back to the specifics of the amendment. The purpose of the amendment is to make the Government-run fallback plan available in every area all the time, even when the bill before us has very strict standards for the presence of private plans, and that these be met, and when they are met or provided for, no fallback is needed.  In essence, this amendment would destroy our bill's competitive incentives and replace them with a Government-controlled regime for dispensing drugs in this country. The amendment before us would also create an unlevel playing field between the Government-run plans and private plans. As a result, it would discourage the initial entry of private plans, dooming the effort to provide the drug benefit through competing private plans. This would place the drug benefit right back in the very command-and-control mentality of Government-run health care plans we ought to try to move away from. It would reinstitute Government micromanagement, and it would bring about price controls.  It would ultimately put the Government into the full-time business of setting drug prices and determining what drugs are covered and which are not.  This is the opposite result of what the underlying bill is seeking to achieve with a competitive private-sector-run prescription health plan. The Government-run approach saves less than competing private plans. Private plans competing to enroll beneficiaries would achieve greater savings because at-risk plans would work harder to negotiate lower prices and work harder to offer more affordable premiums.  This fact is brought out by CBO this year, but it reaffirms everything we knew about every plan in the Senate discussed last July, including the tripartisan plan that set out the tripartisan plan savings and costing less as opposed to the Government-run plans that were offered on the other side of the aisle last summer when we debated this same issue.  CBO has indicated that a structure based on competing at-risk private plans has a higher cost management factor than Government-run plans which cannot respond quickly to market changes. The Congressional Budget Office recognizes that private plans will do a better job of managing drug costs and keeping pace with market changes.  Don't we want the seniors to have a right to choose? And they do have theright to choose. That is what this approach is all about: not forcing something down the throats of seniors. But don't we all think we ought to have programs that respond to the market because that gives our seniors an opportunity to select products and services that are the result of the dynamics of our marketplace?  You know how long it takes Congress to make a decision. You know how long it takes a bureaucracy to make a decision. It does not serve seniors as adequately as we should be serving seniors. In fact, we know already the Government does a very poor job of reimbursing for prescription drugs because of the years of overpayment for the drugs already covered under Part B of Medicare.  Medicare has been overpaying for Part B drugs for years because of its inability to keep up with the marketplace. Taxpayers are paying more because CMS is about 2 or 3 years behind in pricing new therapies, such as new approaches in the area of prosthetics.  In fact, the bill before us includes reforms to Part B drug payments to end the overpayments Medicare is already making. But it has taken years for General Accounting Office reports and investigations by the Inspector General for Congress to act to fix this problem.  Overpayment for drugs in Part B has cost taxpayers billions of dollars and our underlying bill seeks to correct that problem. But we should learn the lessons of history and recognize that if the Government is wasting billions in overpayments for the drugs covered under Part B today, how much would be wasted by the Government if such a system were used for all prescription drugs dispensed to the seniors.  In answering that question, don't believe the assumption in my question, believe what CBO has already said about it. The Congressional Budget Office has the expertise of pricing these things and accounting for the costs. The potential waste, then, the overpayments for drugs and increased costs to the taxpayers has become astonishingly high.  Setting up a Government-run plan that undermines or eliminates private-sector competition will take choices and savings away from seniors. By pushing private plans out of the market, I believe, regardless of how well-intended the amendment by the Senator from Michigan is, it would reduce the broad array of choices that would otherwise be available to beneficiaries under the bill before the Senate. This would deny seniors the opportunity to enroll in the plan that best fits their needs by forcing these seniors into the typical one-size-fits-all model.  This would effectively deny seniors a private plan operation, which would deny them the enhanced savings achieved by the private plans. This would effectively undermine a major principle of this legislation: the right of seniors to choose. Seniors ought to have that right. They may not want to exercise that right, but we should not assume, when there are 40-some-million seniors in America, that one program is right for all of them. We give alternatives. The right to choose is very important. The right to choose in Medicare is one of the major ways we modernize and strengthen Medicare. Medicare has become a part of the social fabric of America, like Social Security. We do not want to, in any way, affect this integral part of the social fabric of America except to give American seniors more right to choose.  The amendment before the Senate by the Senator from Michigan takes away some right to choose or destroys the dynamics of the choices we are giving to seniors.  I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment.  