 President, I rise to honor this day and the men and women for whom it was established. On the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month of 1918, the armistice was signed ending the first modern global conflict.  World War I was an exceptionally bloody conflict that required tremendous sacrifices. It was therefore appropriate for President Wilson to establish Armistice Day as a time to recognize those who served in that war.  Unfortunately, the hope for a new, more peaceful world after the Great War was shattered as we found ourselves embroiled in a life or death struggle against tyranny. Americans again rose to the challenge. Over 405,000 American soldiers lost their lives and over 671,000 were wounded. That's over three times the casualties of World War I. Still, the bravery and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform showed the world the extent to which the United States of America was prepared to go to preserve liberty.  Then, after our soldiers and sailors were called upon again to fight aggression in Korea, it became evident that it was necessary to set aside a day to recognize all American veterans. To encourage Americans to pay respects to all those who have served in America's Armed Forces, President Eisenhower signed into law a proclamation in 1954 changing the name of the November 11 holiday to Veterans Day.  Today, we thank all those who have risked life and limb in service to their country, including those who served in Vietnam and the Persian Gulf war, as well as Somalia, Bosnia, Kosovo, and other smaller conflicts. It is particularly appropriate today to pay tribute to the new generation of veterans who are serving their country so bravely in the global war on terrorism.  Americans have never hesitated to answer the call of duty and this generation is no exception. America continues to owe an immeasurable debt of gratitude to the brave men and women who respond to the call of duty. Following in the footsteps of those who served in the 20th century, our men and women in uniform are living up to a heritage of service, loyalty, honor, sacrifice, and patriotism passed down for generations.  Members of the active duty military, National Guard, and Reserves selflessly put their country first. They serve to protect the American people, defend national security, preserve freedom and safeguard our way of life.  This Veterans Day, let's remember the patriots who are putting their lives on hold while they put their lives on the line. Their sacrifices guarantee America's promise for generations to come. Hundreds of thousands of Americans have paid the ultimate sacrifice while serving in the Armed Forces. Their irreplaceable loss of life reminds us that freedom isn't free.  It is important for younger generations to appreciate the service and sacrifice made by those serving their country. Awareness and appreciation for veterans has decreased in recent times as fewer individuals and families in America have a personal connection with the Armed Forces.  Now that family members, friends, neighbors, and other fellow citizens are again putting themselves in harm's way in service to their country, I hope all Americans will take the opportunity this Veterans Day to remember and honor all veterans, to whom we owe our freedom.  Today I salute the patriotism, courage, and sacrifice of all American veterans who have answered their country's call in times of need.  