Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support this important bill, the Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities Prevention Act, which will bolster our Federal Government's efforts to prevent unborn babies from developing birth defects and help these special children after birth.  Specifically, this piece of legislation contains two provisions that are especially important to our work helping those who suffer from autism and spina bifida, which combined affect more than 1.5 million Americans and their families.  This bill will codify our Government's support for a National Spina Bifida Program at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Last year, thanks to widespread support of many in this Chamber, we were able to secure initial funding to establish this program. And this year, members of the Congressional Spina Bifida Caucus--which I cochair along with my friend Congressman Stupak--are working hard to continue to grow and develop the program.  The National Program is working to prevent cases of spina bifida by spreading the word toall women of child-bearing age that daily consumption of .4 milligrams of folic acid supplements can reduce their baby's chance of developing spina bifida by 75 percent. The program is working with the National Institutes of Health and other agencies to develop new therapies for people born with spina bifida. Additionally, it is helping better educate doctors and nurses on how they should best care of these patients, and working to reach patients and clinicians what they must do to prevent and treat various secondary health problems to which people with spina bifida are particularly susceptible.  I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in Congress, officials at the CDC, and the hardworking advocates with the National Spina Bifida Program to help all those living with spina bifida.  Secondly, S. 286 contains a very important provision addressing an ongoing autism surveillance project I authored several years ago and which was incorporated as title I of the Children's Health Act. Right now, the CDC, in conjunction with state health departments and other research entities, is conducting autism surveillance in more than 15 States, including New Jersey. The rate of diagnosis of new autism patients is at least 1 in every 250 people, and may be even higher in some regions.  In order for us to obtain an accurate picture of the Nation's autism epidemic, it is absolutely imperative that health officials have the ability to gather the data they need. The provision in S. 286 will help ensure that the Departments of Health and Human Services and Education will work together to gather this much-needed data from education records, which are estimated to be the source of more than 40 percent of the data in need.  Without this coordination by health and education officials, we will never obtain an accurate picture of the autism epidemic because in order to achieve optimum results, we need to know more about this disorder, what causes it, and what we can do to prevent it. This data being collected is indispensable and will help us improve life for all with autism.  I would like to thank all of my colleagues who helped bring this bill to the floor today, and I look forward to continuing to work together so we can have healthier, happier babies and families.  