Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me begin by thanking our leadership, beginning with the leadership on the committee, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), the chairman of the committee, and the ranking member, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), and for the majority leader, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay) for scheduling this very, very important piece of legislation for House consideration.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1208, the Northern Ireland Peace and Reconciliation Act of 2003, reauthorizes U.S. contributions to the International Fund for Ireland and reaffirms our government's commitment to fostering peace and reconciliation in Northern Ireland.  Historically, the United States has helped advance the peace process in Northern Ireland through several avenues. Since 1997, for example, we have had hearings in the Committee on International Relations, as well as in the Helsinki Commission; as a matter of fact, I chaired seven of those hearings, examining the root causes of the violence in Northern Ireland and the need to secure due process rights and fundamental freedoms for both sides of the divide. The Congress has also adopted several bills promoting human rights, police reform, and the elimination of job discrimination in Northern Ireland.  In addition, we have provided critical economic support through the International Fund for Ireland. Created in 1986 by the British and Irish Governments, the IFI is an independent, international organization with two primary objectives: First, it is designed to promote economic and social advance in Northern Ireland; and secondly, the IFI is charged with fostering contact, dialogue, and reconciliation between Unionists and Nationalists throughout Ireland.  I would point out to my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, that the United States, the European Union, Australia, and New Zealand are all donor countries to the fund. To date, the United States has provided more than $380 million to the fund, and the economic results have been impressive.  A recent report conducted by a consortium of independent consultants led by KPMG catalogued the following achievements of the IFI:  One, 4,400 business projects have been supported, helping to create more than 37,500 jobs.  Secondly, more than 10,000 young people from the most disadvantaged parts and areas of North and South have participated in the Wider Horizons Program, which brings people together, ages 18 to 28, to work camps where they receive training and improvement in their employment prospects.  Overall, 91 percent of the fund's commitments have been to projects in designated disadvantaged areas, and morethan 120 strategic alliances have been supported between businesses in Northern Ireland and the border counties and businesses elsewhere in Europe and North America, Australia, and New Zealand.  Mr. Speaker, these statistics are impressive, they are tangible, but there is much more to the success of the International Fund for Ireland. It is called the peace dividend.  Each day, in disadvantaged and troubled areas of Northern Ireland, the IFI is at work bringing Catholics and Protestants together at jobs and job training sites. Working side by side, people who traditionally had no contact with each other are now communicating and learning a little bit more about who their neighbors are. They share an interest and investment in their community and new bonds have been developed where they never existed before.  It is also important to note that when people have solid jobs, they are less likely to get caught up in the sectarian strife that has tragically plagued this region. By focusing on the regeneration of impoverished neighborhoods where unemployment is the highest, the fund helps direct young Catholics and Protestants to job training and employment opportunities instead of gangs and paramilitary organizations.  Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I believe, and Members of this Congress believe that justice and sustainable peace will come about in Northern Ireland not merely through the political discussions of a few leaders, but the efforts to change the hearts and minds of individuals. This is a core part of the mission and underlying purpose of the International Fund for Ireland, bringing about peace by bringing together men and women from disparate backgrounds and disparate religious denominations and a successful economic environment. Indeed, the future is brighter in Northern Ireland in large part because of a new working relationship that has been forged with the economic help of the IFI.  Mr. Speaker, on the political side, progress indeed is being made in Northern Ireland. We all know it and celebrate it. I recently returned from a human rights mission to Belfast and to Northern Ireland and I am pleased to report that much has changed from my last trip in 1997 and much significant change, dramatic change has occurred over the last decade. There are now many signs of hope. Sections of Northern Ireland have experienced substantial economic growth and, as a result of the restored cease-fire of 1997 and the Good Friday Agreement signed in 1998, both communities in the North are working hard to obtain a just and lasting peace and to secure local democratic government.  Regrettably, the process is not without obstacles. Last October, the British Government suspended the Northern Ireland Assembly. Policing reform and criminal justice review, demilitarization, and the completion of decommissioning are among the issues that still need to be resolved.  However, in recent weeks, let me point out to my colleagues, there has been a renewed and concerted effort by the British and Irish Governments to address these issues, to bring the major political parties together, and to find a way forward before new elections are held in May.  H.R. 1208 ensures that the IFI will continue to benefit from U.S. contributions and continue to do its good work for peace and for reconciliation. The bill provides a $50 million amount over the next 2 years.  It also encourages the IFI to develop new ways to promote reconciliation in the North. In particular, we are hoping that the IFI will look even more closely at programs aimed at enhancing intercommunity relations, community relations with the new police service, and programs that promote and ensure fundamental human rights.  For example, the legislation specifically urges the IFI to do more work to enhance relations between the police and the communities they serve through promoting human rights training and enhancing the new district police partnership police boards recommended by the Patten Commission. It also encourages a fund to assist in the transition of former British military sites into venues for housing, retail, and other community-supported uses.  Again, I want to thank my colleagues who helped work for and support the final passage of this legislation, especially the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), the gentleman from New York (Mr. King), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley), and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Payne) from the Committee on International Relations who have all lent their strong support to this legislation, as well as the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Neal). All are longtime supporters of the Northern Ireland peace process and are true friends of the people of Northern Ireland and of Ireland itself.  I would like to note that the text we are considering today contains a technical amendment to reflect progress the IFI is making towards using funds for specific reconciliation projects and, again, I hope that Members will support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  