Mr. Chairman, first of all, I just want to make it very clear, and I wish the gentlewoman had not gone the route of saying there is another motive here. The motive--my motive--is to say that there are a vast array of other people who are very competent in mitigating this crisis called AIDS, and maybe even ending it some day who are on the ground providing essential services as we speak. Others--if the wherewithal exists--will soon join them.  I mentioned Catholic Relief Services earlier in the debate. Catholic Relief Services, today, provides HIV/AIDS services to 2 million people. They do it without a brass band or self promoting press releases and are very much underheralded. These saints who care for the afflicted are on the ground, village after village, heavily embedded in Africa, helping people with this horrible scourge and helping the people who are trying to cope with it and prevent it. Catholic Relief Services is made up of the most caring and compassionate people on earth. Let's hope they apply for more funding.  I mentioned earlier the one case of a diocese, five dioceses in Uganda in the 1990s that had hoped to develop an AIDS plan with some funding augmented by the United States Government. And because the organization said they did not want to embrace the condom part, they were precluded from U.S. funding. So there is a real world tragedy and dark consequence as a direct result of not having an air-tight conscience clause.  Again, we can fund condoms till the cows come home in this bill; but we are saying there are providers among the best an earth--the CRS--who are deeply respected in the community, with access to the at risk populations, yet who would not get funding without real conscience clause protection. Catholic and Muslim groups are the ones we are mostly talking about, and it seems to me that it is counterproductive in the extreme to everything we are trying to do here--to prevent their full participation.  I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me.  