Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House is today considering H.R. 1720, as amended, the Veterans Health Care Facilities Capital Improvement Act. Enactment of this measure would be a significant step in addressing the problem of crumbling and substandard health care facilities for our Nation's veterans.  I want to just say at the outset how very delighted and pleased I am that the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Simmons) is here. As the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health and the prime sponsor of this bill, he has worked many, many hours in crafting this legislation. I want to really pay him the highest compliment for the extraordinarily good work he did in writing this legislation. I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this. I would also like to thank my friends on the other side of the aisle for their good, hard work. This is a bipartisan bill that we present to the House today, and I hope it will get the full support and assent of this body.  Mr. Speaker, most VA hospitals, clinics, nursing homes, and research facilities have ongoing needs for maintenance, repair, and modernization to promote patient and employee safety and provide a higher standard of care for our Nation's veterans. For example, hundreds of millions of dollars are needed to address problems at many VA facilities that could suffer severe damage in the event of an earthquake. However, projects to address these and other deficiencies have been put on the shelf while VA contemplates and completes its CARES process.  The Department of Veterans Affairs is currently undertaking, as I think many Members know, a market-based national assessment to determine whether its present health care facilities meet current and future veterans' health care needs. The VA's process for achieving this goal, called the Capital Asset Realignment for Enhanced Services, or CARES, is intended to produce a national plan which the Secretary will then approve or disapprove by the end of the year. Members, I am sure, or at least some Members, are aware that while the VA has an aggressive schedule for completing the planning process, the implementation of this plan will take many years to complete. In the meantime, a number of pressing construction needs have been identified.  The committee has been vigilant to avoid authorizing projects at facilities that might not be needed to serve the future needs of our veterans. All of the projects authorized by our committee in recent authorization measures would serve veterans for many years after they have been completed. Similarly, the projects authorized in this bill would improve health care for veterans for 20 years or more and are a wise and, we believe, worthy investment for this Nation to make on behalf of our veterans.  Let me just say, Mr. Speaker, there are a number of additions to this bill that were made precisely because Members came to us and made very persuasive argument as to why they need to be included. The gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Hefley) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Beauprez), a member of the committee, really pushed hard on the Fitzsimons project. That is included in here. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo) from my own State made a very strong estimate and gave us documentation for a study. That is included in here. There are others that came to us, again made their cases, cogent cases that they were; and those have been included in this authorization measure.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House is considering H.R. 1720, as amended, the Veterans Health Care Facilities Capital Improvement Act. Enactment of this measure would be a significant step in addressing the problemof crumbling and substandard health care facilities for our Nation's veterans.  Mr. Speaker, most VA hospitals, clinics, nursing homes and research facilities have ongoing needs for maintenance, repair and modernization to promote patient and employee safety and provide a higher standard of care for our Nation's veterans. For example, hundreds of millions of dollars are needed to address problems at many VA facilities that could suffer severe damage in the event of an earthquake. However projects to address these and other deficiencies have been ``put on the shelf'' while VA completes its CARES process.  The Department of Veterans Affairs is currently undertaking a market-based national assessment to determine whether its present health care facilities meet current and future veterans' health care needs. The VA's process for achieving this goal, called Capital Asset Realignment for Enhanced Services, or CARES, is intended to produce a national plan which the Secretary will then approve or disapprove by the end of this year. While VA has an aggressive schedule for completing the planning process, the implementation of this plan will take many years to complete. In the meantime, a number of pressing construction needs have been identified.  The VA Committee has been vigilant to avoid authorizing projects at facilities that might not be needed to serve the future needs of veterans. All of the projects authorized by our committee in recent authorization measures would serve veterans for many years after they have been completed. Similarly, the projects authorized in this bill would improve health care for veterans for 20 years or more, and are a wise and worthy investment for this Nation to make on behalf of veterans.  Mr. Speaker, we are coming to a crossroads in the pattern of funding for VA health care facilities. A consultant's report in June 1998 concluded that VA should be spending (at a minimum) from 2 percent to 4 percent of its ``plant replacement value'' on upkeep and replacement of its health care facilities. The value of VA facilities was estimated to be $35 billion in 1998; thus, VA should be spending from $700 million to $1.4 billion each year to keep pace with its capital needs. Sadly, VA only received $213 million in VA construction funding for fiscal year 2003 and only requested $421 million for fiscal year 2004.  When the Undersecretary for Health submitted his admittedly incomplete CARES plan to the Secretary's CARES commission earlier this year, it called for a minimum of $3.5 billion in new construction over the next 5 years. I say the plan was incomplete because it excluded funding for projects that would enhance VA's ability to provide veterans with long-term care. The VA Committee has called on the CARES Commission to address this serious shortcoming. Nevertheless, a plan to spend $3.5 to $4 billion over the next 5 years means that Congress will need to appropriate $700 to $800 million every year during that period. Mr. Speaker, even though the deficit outlook for the next several years is not good, this is an obligation that has been put off long enough. The failure to begin addressing this huge backlog in renovation and modernization projects can only lead to inefficiency and inferior care for veterans in the future.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1720, as amended, would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve, establish, restore or replace VA health care facilities where necessary. The Committee decided in the last Congress that there is a demonstrable need to provide a more flexible and responsive authorization process to address the overwhelming backlog of construction projects, and this bill continues with that approach.  Under this bill, the Secretary would be authorized to approve individual facility projects, based on the decisions of a capital investments board that must carefully and objectively consider each proposed construction project. The bill provides criteria to be used by the board that would place a premium on projects to protect patient safety and privacy, improve seismic protection, and provide barrier-free accommodations. It would also emphasize improving VA patient care facilities areas of particular concern, such as specialized care programs, in order to meet the contemporary standard of care veterans deserve and need.  H.R. 1720 would require the Secretary to report his actions on construction to this Committee and to the Committee on Appropriations, and would mandate a review of the delegated-project approach by the General Accounting Office, to ensure this is an effective mechanism to advance VA medical construction during and after the CARES process.  The bill also would authorize construction of a specific set of urgent major medical projects as follows: Clark County, NV--the lease of a multi-specialty outpatient clinic and Veterans Benefits Administration satellite office at an annual rent not to exceed $6,500,000; Columbus, OH--$90,000,000 to construct a new VA medical center; West Haven, CT--$50,000,000 to renovate inpatient wards and research facilities at the Wet Haven VA medical center; Chicago, IL--$98,500,000 to consolidate inpatient care in a new bed tower at the West Side Division; San Diego, CA--$48,600,000 for seismic corrections to Building 1 at the San Diego VA medical center; and Pensacola, FL--$45,000,000 to construct a joint-venture outpatient clinic at the Pensacola Naval Air Station. The bill would require the Secretary to move forward on these projects first before awarding construction contracts under the general construction delegation provided by the bill.  Mr. Speaker, this bill would authorize appropriations of $500 million in fiscal year 2004 and $600 million in fiscal year 2005 to accommodate construction projects under the various authorities provided. Additionally, the bill would authorize the appropriation of $300 million over 3 years for the replacement VA medical center near Denver CO, at the former Fitzsimons site.  Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned, H.R. 1720, as amended, includes the provisions of H.R. 116, a bill to authorize a joint VA-Air Force health care facility to be located on the grounds of the ``New Fitzsimons'' campus of the University of Colorado Health Sciences Center, in Aurora, CO. The bill would require the Secretary, after consulting with the Secretary of Defense, to decide how to replace the 57-year-old Denver medical center with a new Federal Regional Medical Center in Aurora. There is a unique opportunity at this location to enhance VA-DOD sharing by jointly constructing or leasing a premier health treatment facility as a joint venture of the VA, the Department of the Air Force, and the University. We certainly expect that both the Air Force and the VA will find a way to execute this plan in a manner that advances the interests of the American taxpayer and the beneficiaries served by the two Departments.  I want to commend Chairman Joel Hefley and Representative Bob Beauprez, a Member of the VA Committee, for spurring this project forward. We would not be considering this measure on the floor of the House today without their hard work and individual efforts to help make this project a reality.  H.R. 1720 would also require VA to conduct a study and report on the feasibility of constructing a new medical center for veterans in Charleston, SC, and a study for meeting the inpatient hospitalization needs of southern New Jersey veterans. The Committee appreciates the work of Mr. Brown, the chairman of our Subcommittee on Benefits, and Mr. LoBiondo, the distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, for their insight in crafting these two provisions.  The final measures in the bill, Mr. Speaker, would designate the Department of Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic in New London, CT, as the John J. McGuirk Department of Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic, and the VA Medical Center at 820 S. Damon Street in Chicago, IL, the Jesse Brown Veterans Affairs Medical Center.  Our bipartisan bill would also honor the late Jesse Brown, former Secretary of Veterans Affairs, for his exemplary service to his country as a combat-wounded U.S. Marine Corps veteran of the Vietnam war and dedicated leader of the Department of Veterans. Mr. Brown enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1963 and was seriously wounded in Vietnam. Mr. Brown's career in veterans' advocacy spanned his entire remaining life. He served with distinction in the Clinton administration as the third Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.  Naming the West Side VA Medical Center after Jesse Brown would appropriately memorialize his accomplishments and commitment to improving the quality of life of all veterans.  The final provision in this bill adds a new degree of accountability to the VA medical research program. The provision is the result of efforts by two of the Committee's Subcommittee chairmen, Mr. Buyer and Mr. Simmons. Their proposal is supported by Ms. Hooley and Mr. Rodriguez, their respective ranking members.  The language of section 11, which is taken from H.R. 1585 as revised by our Subcommittee on Health requires VA to maintain a permanent and independent research compliance and assurance office. While establishment of this office may not provide a complete shield against possible future abuses, it does send a clear message that the Congress expects compliance with rules already in place to assure protection of human subjects who participate in research sponsored by VA.  Finally, I want to thank the Committee's ranking member, Lane Evans, for his support of this legislation, and for the work of the chairman and ranking member of the Health Subcommittee, Rob Simmons and Ciro Rodriguez, respectively, for considering this bill in a timely fashion.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1720, as amended.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  