Mr. Chairman, I rise in favor of the Hefley Amendment to reduce IMET funding for Indonesia. Mr. Hefley has recounted the tragic story of brutal ambush last August, that resulted in the brutal murders of Edwin Burgon and Ricky Lynn Spier, two American school teachers in Indonesia. Eight other Americans were injured in this attack, including a six-year-old child.  The Indonesian Police, human rights NGOs, and independent journalists have all concluded that it is very likely Indonesian military personnel were involved in this brutal ambush. With this case still unresolved after almost a year, now is not the time to reward Indonesia with IMET funding. The perpetrators of these brutal crimes still have not been brought to justice.  We know that possible involvement in killing of Americans is not the only instance of involvement by the TNI, Indonesia's military, in the killing of innocent civilians. This is a corrupt and troubled military with a very poor human rights record that we should not legitimize through IMET funding.  On May 19, the Indonesian government launched its largest military offensive since the 1975 invasion of East Timor with a declaration of martial law in Aceh. The ongoing brutal TNI military operation in Aceh, has been marked by reports of extrajudicial executions, torture, rape, and mass displacement of civilians. Thousands of civilians have been forced by the military into camps, where they face threats, inadequate rations and poor health care. Civilians reportedly ``disappear'' in the camps on a nightly basis.  International humanitarian and human rights organizations, as well as foreign journalists, have been denied access to Aceh. U.S. journalist William Nessen has been detained and faces a possible five-year sentence for ``visa violations.'' When Nessen originally tried to surrender to military forces, they reportedly shot at him. Human rights monitors and defenders have also been targeted by TNI-sponsored militia thugs.  The people of Papua have also suffered greatly at the hands of the Indonesian military. Sweeps by the TNI and their feared militias have forced thousands of villagers in Papua to flee to the forests. The TNI has reportedly prevented Christian pastors from bringing food and medicine to these villagers.  The attacks in Papua and Ache are very much reminiscent of the brutal violence carried out against the people of East Timor in 1999. The TNI has thus far successfully evaded accountability for crimes against humanity committed in East Timor. The Indonesian Ad Hoc Human Rights Court for East Timor has been characterized by poorly drawn indictments, inadequate witness protection, an intimidating courtroom atmosphere and distortions of events that took place in 1999. The alleged masterminds of the 1999 scorched earth campaign have not been prosecuted by Indonesia. As of now, the court has acquitted 12 and convicted five, delivering light sentences. Four of the five sentences are actually less than the legal minimum under Indonesian law and those convicted remain free pending appeal.  We know that human rights concerns are brushed aside by this regime. In a recent article, Indonesia's Defense Minister Matori was quoted as saying, ``Of course, it's all right to think about human rights but the more important thing is to think about the territorial integrity of the Unitary State of the Republic of Indonesia.''  It is also important to note that we know that less than a third of the TNI's budget is provided by the government in Jakarta. Additional income comes from legal and illegal ventures, including the extortion of U.S.-based corporations operating in Indonesia. TNI business activities also include illegal and environmentally devastating logging, drug production and trafficking, and prostitution.  The questions my colleagues must ask themselves are: do we really want to finance a military with such a horrendous human rights record? Do we really want to finance a military that may have been involved in the killing of Americans when such a serious case is still unresolved?  I strongly urge my colleagues to support the Hefley amendment.  