Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, as the condemned, as I think the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) pointed out so well and it bears repeating, prepare for their execution by stoning, they begin to pray, asking for the inner strength to endure with faith and fortitude what awaits them. They are wrapped head to foot in white shrouds and buried up to their waist, and then the stoning begins. The victims are guaranteed a very difficult and horrific death. In many cases kids have to watch this agonizing death.  Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, this heinous practice is not limited to Iran, but is employed in so many other countries as well. Under the extremist interpretation of Sharia law, pregnancy alone is considered sufficient evidence to condemn a woman for adultery. Women in these countries who have been raped and want the state to prosecute their case must have no less than four Muslim men testify that they witnessed the assault. Absent these witnesses, these male witnesses, the rape victim has no case. If she cannot prove the rape allegation, she runs the high risk of being charged with adultery, as we all know an offense that is punishable by stoning.  Although this heinous practice is disproportionately used against the female population of these countries, it is also used against men and also used to suppress political dissent and the activities of religious minorities.  H. Con. Res. 26 is a resolution which reflects the full extent of the problem. As such, it calls on the United States and the international community to condemn the practice of execution by stoning as a gross violation of human rights and urges U.S. officials to work with their global counterparts toward the repeal of all stoning laws.  Mr. Speaker, stoning sentences have been commuted in the last year due to the United States' and international pressure. Lives have been saved because we spoke out against this abhorrent practice, a method which, according to Amnesty International, is specifically designed to increase the victim's suffering.  Today we have the ability, I would respectfully submit, to save more lives by rendering our strong support for this resolution. This measure can help deter the application of extreme Sharia law and execution by stoning in emerging nations, such as Afghanistan.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for H. Con. Res. 26.  