Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I think as every Member of this body knows, the PRC and its leadership in Beijing would love to be regarded as a respected member of the international community. In pursuit of that goal, however, the PRC has sought and obtained membership in the World Trade Organization; and it has lobbied and received the Beijing Olympics of 2008. However, trade volume alone, and there has been a great deal of trade volume particularly between the U.S. and China, is not really a measure of success, I would say to my colleagues. What really determines the quality of a country is how it treats its own citizens, and how it respects fundamental human rights.  History shows that some very unsavory regimes held the Olympic games. We all remember the Nazi Olympic Games prior to the Second World War, but holding a game, having trade, having the air of respectability does not necessarily mean that it is a respectable regime.  The government of Beijing has an enormous way to go, I would respectfully submit, to earn the international respect that it craves. The Chinese government, and I consider it to be a dictatorship, but if they really hope to earn respectability in the eyes of the world, they need to make some very needed fundamental changes, and there is a case in point that we raise today, and I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank) for bringing this resolution before us today.  Dr. Yang Jianli is a compelling case. H. Res. 199, introduced by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank) highlights the case of this U.S. lawful permanent resident who has been unjustly detained incommunicado inside China since April 26, not of this year, but of last year, 14 months. Mr. Yang was arrested for reportedly entering China with false or incompletely identifying documents, has been denied access to counsel, contact with his wife Christina Fu and their two children, Anita and Aaron, and his right to a trial within a reasonable time.  Frankly, Beijing remains more concerned about the research, at least that is our belief, that the internationally respected scholar Dr. Yang, who was conducting studies regarding labor unrest in China, rather than how he got into the country. It is all about what he was studying.  Dr. Yang's research points to the dark side of the Chinese economic miracle, the so-called workers' paradise, where the working class remains the main victim of unemployment and forced early retirement due to the restructuring of State-owned enterprises. That then is Dr. Yang's major sin in Beijing's eyes. He was documenting the anger of workers directed at party bosses mired in personnel greed and corruption despite their official pledge to serve the people.  Beijing's loss of face in this case has only been compounded by the recent determination by the United States Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, which found that Mr. Yang's detention is arbitrary and in direct contravention of the Universal Declaration on Human Rights. As the U.N. working group has so clearly pointed out, the continued arbitrary detention of this man is not the action of a great nation which seeks the full respect of the international community.  The U.S. House of Representatives today is sending a clear, not ambiguous, message to the government of Beijing: Let Dr. Yang go, let him come home to his wife, his children. His wife is here with us and his children are on the floor of this House right now.  We care about this man. We care about it in a bipartisan way, Democrats and Republicans. A lot divides us in this Chamber. The case of Dr. Yang unites us.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of our time  