Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague from Maine for his explanation and for his good work on this legislation, as well as our good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans), the ranking member on the full committee.  Mr. Speaker, when the House considered this legislation last May 7, we passed it unanimously. We sent it over to the Senate. And we are glad we bring before the body a bill today with a Senate amendment that makes some very important statements, restatements as well as some new law with regard to the Soldiers' and Sailors' Relief Act which was first passed back in 1940.  This legislation, as my friend just pointed out, is really an historic restatement. It strengthens a law that is critically important to all of our reserve components as well as our active-duty members of our Armed Services.  The amendment to H.R. 100 would raise the level of eviction protections to reflect the increase in the cost of rental housing in high-cost urban areas. The current act only applies to leases of less than $1,200 a month. The House-Senate compromise would increase the amount to $2,400; and the amount would be increased every year as necessary in accordance with the Consumer Price Index housing component so that the protection stays current.  It also requires the Department of Defense to annually publish the amount of rental coverage in their Federal Register within 60 days of the CPI's publication to provide public notice of the level of probation.  The compromise also provides specific protections for assets of a servicemember from attachment to satisfy business debts for which the servicemember is personally liable, as long as the assets are not held in connection with the business.  The compromise also includes provisions to allow servicemembers who are being called to active duty and by certain active-duty servicemembers to terminate motor vehicle leases which are increasingly commonplace and in use without an early termination penalty. When this was first passed in 1940s, obviously, nobody had even heard of leases like this. They are, like I said, a way of life today.  Section 207 of the bill would clarify that for the 6 percent interest cap being continued from current law, any interest above the cap is forgiven and the servicemember's monthly payment must be reduced.  I want to clarify that the committee intends for the provisions language of the interest rate reduction, to permit lenders to follow Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac's current implementation guidance, allowing lenders to reamortize the loan using a 6 percent interest rate or to apply the 6 percent interest rate using the original amortization schedule.  Mr. Speaker, I want to very strongly commend the Office of Legislative Counsel of both the House and the Senate, the committee counsel and the representatives of the Judge Advocates General of the military departments who participated in the drafting of this historic legislation to update the act.  From my own staff, I want to thank Kingston Smith, who is sitting to my right, Summer Larson, Geoffrey Collver, Mary Ellen McCarthy and Patrick Ryan who spent many long hours reviewing and analyzing this legislation.  From the Senate staff, the late Dave Goetz, Chris McNamee, Mary Schoelen, and Bill Tuerk who performed a very similar task. Bob Cover from the Office of Legislative Counsel spent many years, not months, years, working on this legislation. The actual preparation of the bill was truly a collaborative bipartisan effort that would not have been accomplished without the technical and practical expertise of these outstanding individuals.  I want to thank majority leader, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay) and Brett Loper for ensuring that this vital legislation made it to the floor today. Again, we passed this last May. We had hope to have this out sometime in June. We are finally getting to it at the end of the session, not because of a delay in the House, but, thankfully, the Senate did act, and now we have a good bill before us.  I want to thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Brown) who is our subcommittee chairman, the ranking member, the gentleman from Maine (Mr. Michaud) who spoke earlier, and, of course, my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans) for his work.  It is a good bill. I hope Members will support it.  