Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, torture remains a cruel weapon of choice for antidemocratic, dictatorial regimes around the globe. It is used to silence opposition leaders and to suffocate political dissent.  Today, torture is commonplace and, sadly, systematic. In many countries around the globe, including the People's Republic of China, Cuba, and many countries in Africa, the Middle East, it is used to extract confessions. It is used to humiliate, to punish. It is used to crush people's souls and hearts and their bodies and to break them while they are in captivity. Torturers themselves, it turns out and is no surprise to any of us, are sadistic and cruel beyond imagination.  Mr. Speaker, even torturing a single, carefully targeted individual can have a multiplier effect, sending a message of fear throughout the entire community and even across generations. For example, the paralyzing effect of torture is painfully clear in Turkmenistan where countless people have been tortured, killed and disappeared in the wake of last year's November 25 attack on President Niyazov's motorcade.  We see it throughout China, especially regarding people who are part of the Falun Gong. Hundreds of them have been tortured to death simply because of their expression of their conscience in that religious expression. We see it with the Buddhists and others. We see it with the Catholics in the underground church in China where, again, these individuals are routinely and through incredible harshness tortured.  I point out to my colleagues that even after a dictatorial regime has fallen, as it has in Iraq, the impact of torture can be felt for years. Leaders are broken and lost. There is a profound lack of trust in public institutions, in the police and in courts. Unless we find a way to understand and to heal the legacy of torture people will be unable to work with each other to rebuild their nation. Individuals who are tortured, who carry around both psychologically and in their person that legacy, very often suffer post-traumatic stress disorder, one of the worst expressions or manifestations or legacies of that torture. Unless we are able to heal or provide or facilitate that healing, these people are literally walking time bombs, and we will find it hard both in these countries and the emigre community to build institutions that will not fail.  I think many Members will be surprised to learn that in the United States there are an estimated 500,000 torture survivors, most of whom came to the United States as refugees. Worldwide, while it is impossible to count the actual number, Amnesty International has documented torture in 150 countries. So we know the number is in the millions.  The Torture Victims Relief Reauthorization Act before the body today provides $20 million to the Department of Health and Human Services to assisttreatment programs in the United States for fiscal 2004 and $25 million for fiscal year 2005.  Mr. Speaker, in spite of these numbers, and this is an increase over the previous year's, the number of survivors seeking treatment in U.S. centers funded through this legislation has steadily increased. The word is getting out that one can go to these centers and get treatment, and the process, very often a lifelong process of healing, can begin.  We found, or there has been a finding I should say, that when the centers first opened there were about 935 people who were helped in 1999 as a result of the legislation we passed then. That jumped to 1,550 clients served in 2000 to 2,579 in 2001. We now know that there are some 3,664 clients that have gotten services at a cost of about $3,500 per client in fiscal year 2002. With the additional funding that we contemplate that this bill would authorize, it is estimated that U.S. centers would have the capacity and the ability to serve an additional 2,800 survivors per year.  Torture treatment centers provide a range of services, Mr. Speaker, including medical exams, lab tests, psychological and psychiatric screening evaluations, psychiatric medication, individual, group and family therapy, and crisis counseling.  In addition, the network of treatment centers already in the U.S., and we know this, needs to be expanded; and I would point out to my colleagues there are a number of large cities with large emigre communities with torture victims who are not being served in places like Miami, New Orleans, Houston, Dallas, Atlanta, Cleveland, St. Louis, Kansas City, Salt Lake City, and Seattle. Hopefully, as a result of this reauthorization and the subsequent appropriations, money will be made available to craft or to establish those centers that are so vitally needed in those cities.  The Torture Victims Relief Reauthorization Act also authorizes $11 million in U.S. funds for the Agency for International Development to support foreign treatment centers in 2004 and $12 million in fiscal year 2005. This is a modest increase from the $10 million we first authorized in 1999; and, of course, the need is much more than that, but at least this is an attempt to try to meet some of that need.  USAID's Victims of Torture Fund, I would point out to my colleagues, administers treatment programs in 26 countries in Latin America, Africa, Asia, the Near East, and in Europe. Last year, the fund supported approximately 45 treatment programs. Nongovernmental organizations that receive this funding provide a direct service to survivors, to their families and communities. They strengthen the capacity of country-based institutions to deliver services to survivors and increase the level of knowledge and understanding about the needs of torture victims. These treatment centers can also gather forensic evidence that can be used to improve the capability of those documenting and seeking redress from the practice of torture.  To help meet the needs of victims around the globe, I would remind my colleagues that the U.N. established a fund back in 1981, and before we passed our first act, the United States' contribution to that fund was only in the hundreds of thousands. We have now pushed that number to $5 million, and this legislation would increase it to $7 million; and hopefully that, too, will be part of the fix to help mitigate the suffering endured by torture victims.  This is a good bill. I hope my colleagues will support it. I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), my good friend and colleague and the ranking member of the committee, who is the chief cosponsor and has worked with us hand in glove in crafting this legislation. I especially want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), our good friend and colleague, the chairman of our committee, for his leadership on this very unrecognized and very below-most-people's-radar-screens issue. They often say torture victims, what are we talking about, and yet they are in our midst. They are suffering. They need help. This legislation provides at least some help.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  