Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 192, the Microenterprise for Self-Reliance Act. I introduced this bill at the beginning of the 108th Congress, along with 66 cosponsors. And this, frankly, Mr. Speaker, is the final product representing a culmination of months of hard work and discussions by Republicans and Democrats alike in both the House and the Senate, members of the microenterprise community, and USAID. We are trying, with this legislation, to build upon one of the most progressive and successful foreign aid programs that this country offers.  I would like to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay) and our leadership for scheduling this bill. We know that the House has been considering numerous important pieces of foreign affairs legislation in recent weeks and months, from the global AIDS bill to legislation relating to the war on terrorism, and I am grateful that this bill has been posted for today's consideration.  I would also like to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde) who has very strong support for this bill, and seeing it through every step of the way. We moved it at the very first markup of our committee. I would also like to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), who has been a great friend and supporter of microenterprise initiatives, as well as many other very important foreign policy and human rights initiatives that are considered by this House. I also thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Houghton), the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Payne), and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen) who is a cosponsor.  I would also like to thank my friend and colleague, Tim Roemer, former colleague, who worked very hard with us last year in developing this legislation. We had a very good broad coalition of Members trying to make this legislation a reality.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 192 will expand our existing microenterprise program so that more people can share in the hope of microlending that has already proved so fruitful to so many. H.R. 192 puts a priority on microenterprise funding, which is currently authorized at $155 million, by authorizing $175 million in fiscal year 2003, and $200 million in fiscal year 2004.  H.R. 192 establishes a new framework to ensure that more funds go to the poorest of the poor through the development and implementation of easy-to-use and cost-effective poverty assessment programs and techniques. Identifying and targeting the poorest potential clients who would stand to benefit the most from microenterprise loans has proven to be more difficult than originally anticipated. I am hopeful that once developed, these poverty assessment techniques may prove more useful not only for microenterprise, but also in other areas of foreign aid as well.  Let me just say, Mr. Speaker, that this legislation builds upon and complements the principles that President Bush has outlined for a more effective foreign aid through the Millennium Challenge Account. Business owners assisted by microlending are not only able to increase their own incomes, but through their efforts, they create jobs and help economies to go, and person by person, job by job, they help to eliminate poverty.  It is important to note that over 2 million clients are currently benefiting from USAID-assisted programs that provide the necessary capital through these small loans, sometimes through $200, $300, maybe $400, but these loans are the lifeblood to these individuals to make it and to begin to develop their own businesses, build their own homes, and to care for themselves.  It is estimated that 97 percent of microenterprise loans are successfully repaid. I repeat that: 97 percent of the loans are repaid. That is astonishing. About 70 percent of those loans go to women who are very often the most vulnerable in these societies, sometimes subjected to abuse and the need of economic opportunities in the developing world. This is a women's empowerment bill, to ensure that more women get out of poverty so they are not prey for the traffickers and the others who would exploit them.  Finally, just let me say again, Mr. Speaker, a great deal of hard work went into this. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation, and I hope it will have the full support of the body.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  