Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my very good friend and colleague not only for his leadership tonight, but for many years on behalf of the rights of the unborn and their mothers. He has been a stalwart. He has been compassionate, and I thank him for his leadership. And I would like to thank my colleagues who have spoken, the two docs, and the other Members who have spoken tonight so eloquently and passionately in favor of protecting the most innocent and the most at-risk minority in America today and that is the unborn children and the other victims of abortion, who every time that victim is the mother, many of whom who have been cast aside. They have been hurt and hurt very severely as a result of abortion.  Just a couple of months ago we hosted, a number of us, a group of four women including Jennifer O'Neil, the actress who was in ``Summer of '42.'' She was a former Cover Girl. Melba Moore, an accomplished singer, four women who have had abortions, who have become part of a group called Silent No More. They have spoken out, and I encourage women who might be listening to this or men or who know someone who has had an abortion and is living with that agony to know that there is hope, there is reconciliation. The pro-life movement has always been about speaking truth to power, to Government and to those who would take the life of an unborn child, but also speaking truth and reconciliation to those women who have been victimized by abortion, including partial-birth abortion. Silentnomoreawareness.org can be accessed through the Web or through contacting our various offices. It is an outstanding means of reaching out to these women who are hurting.  During the course of their conversations, one woman who had two abortions talked about how she had so many sleepless nights. She thought that she could never hold a child again in her hand. Jennifer O'Neil had talked about the pressure that had been put upon her time and again by her family members who thought they were doing something benign and good for her, while actually hurting her severely, unwittingly but nevertheless hurting her severely. And she carried that pain for years, and now speaks out passionately to the women of America to come forward and know that there is reconciliation and to warn other women not to march into that abortion clinic and get a partial-birth abortion or any of the other methods that dismember or chemically poison unborn children.  I just would point out to my colleagues that some 62 years ago, from a podium right up there by the Speaker, Franklin Delano Roosevelt gave his famous speech after the attack on Pearl Harbor and called December 7 ``a day that would live in infamy.'' I would point out to my colleagues that as a result of that, as we all know, some 55 million people around the world lost their lives to that global conflict.  Another day of infamy less visible but no less lethal, the imposition of abortion on demand by the U.S. Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade on January 22, 1973, has unleashed an assault on innocent human life that is absolutely staggering, about 44.4 million dead babies, children, and counting. The loss of so many innocent children by chemical poisoning, by literal dismemberment and suction machines 20 to 30 times more powerful than an average vacuum machine that all of ushave in our homes, ripping apart that child; and now we see this cruel and unthinkable method where a baby, very late-term, as the doc pointed out a moment ago, third trimester, some in their second trimester but late second trimester, very mature babies where a doctor literally punctures their brains, usually with Metzenbaum scissors, to make a hole so that the baby's brains could be sucked out.  That is pathetic child abuse, and thankfully tomorrow the House, with the leadership of so many Members, especially with our President, will be putting into effect when the Senate finally adopts it as well, which they will, signs this ban into law.  Let me just give an idea of the numbers again, because I think sometimes we, in our entertainment-oriented age and the fact that we can go from one distraction to another, forget how many people have been lost. I mentioned 44.4 million. I am a big Yankee fan.  