Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 212, a concurrent resolution introduced by our colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sam Johnson).   This resolution recognizes and supports the goals and ideals of the Year of the Korean War Veteran. This year marks the final year of the United States' 50th anniversary of the Korean War Commemoration and the 50th year of the armistice. While actual hostilities occurred from June 27, 1950, through July 7, 1953, Congress extended the war period from January 31, 1955, for veterans benefits eligibility because of the uneasy period following the end of hostilities.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to share some facts about the Korean War. Between the period of June 27, 1950, and January 31, 1955, the Korean War period, 6.8 million American men and women served in the Armed Forces of the United States. Between June 28 of1950 and July 27, 1953, 54,200 Americans died in service. Of these, 36,576 were deaths due directly to the war. Mr. Speaker, 131 Korean War veterans received the Congressional Medal of Honor, the highest military declaration our Nation bestows. Today, there are approximately 3.7 million Korean War veterans still living.   This period in our Nation's history, Mr. Speaker, has often been referred to as the Forgotten War. But that is being remedied, and Congress is doing its part. On July 25 of 1995, the Korean War Memorial was dedicated on the Mall.   The sponsor of this resolution, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sam Johnson), served 29 years in the U.S. Air Force and flew combat missions in both the Korean and the Vietnam wars. He was a prisoner of war in Hanoi, North Vietnam, for almost 7 years. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sam Johnson) is a very modest man. I do not want to embarrass him when he reads about this, but he is truly an American hero. I can think of no more appropriate person to introduce the resolution on the observance of the Year of the Korean War Veteran. I salute the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sam Johnson). I believe that every Member of this body on both sides of the aisle salutes him. We also thank the other cosponsors, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel), the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Coble), and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), all veterans of Korea, for their military service to our country.   Mr. Speaker, H. Con. Res. 212 would serve to remind all Americans of the first war America fought to stop the spread of Communist tyranny and would encourage activities honoring Korean War veterans for their courageous sacrifice on behalf of all of us. America will not forget the veterans of the Korean War. I am pleased we are considering this resolution at this appropriate time. I want to again thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert), the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the majority leader, for scheduling this resolution the week of the 50th year of the armistice.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  