Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my strong support for H. Res. 26, a resolution recognizing the valuable contributions of Catholic Schools.  This week marks the 29th Anniversary of National Catholic Schools Week, a week dedicated to honor the achievements and successes of Catholic Schools throughout the U.S. More than 2.6 million children are enrolled in the 8,114 Catholic Schools in our country.  As Pope John Paul II said, ``. . . the purpose of Catholic Education is to communicate Christ to you, so that your attitude toward others will be that of Christ.'' A Catholic educationchallenges students through a combination of high standards, strong motivation, effective discipline, and an emphasis on personal responsibility. It is an education that goes beyond preparation for a secular life; it is an education that prepares students for a Christian life.  Placing a premium on both academic standards and moral responsibility has proven to be a successful formula for Catholic schools. Consider the following facts. Catholic school student test performance in the three grade levels of the National Assessment of Educational Progress exceeds public school test results by an average of 4.5 percent in math, 4.8 percent in science, and 12.5 percent in reading. Only 3 percent of Catholic school students drop out of school, compared to a 14 percent dropout rate in public schools. In addition, 83 percent of Catholic highs school graduates go on to college, as compared to 52 percent of public high school graduates.  Children do not form their core moral values on the sole basis of what schools teach them. Learning a respect for life and respect for the rights of others does not just start at school. It starts at home. Accordingly, the Catholic school curriculum recognizes parents and family as primary educators and seeks to foster a shared vision among the two. As the father of four children who have attended Catholic schools, I know that Catholic schools strive to create a special bond between families and educators. Schools and families work hand-in-hand reinforcing family values, ethical behavior, social responsibility, and academic achievement.  There are more than 167,000 men and women who constitute our Catholic school faculty nationwide. Lay men and women represent 91 percent of the full-time equivalent teaching staff in Catholic elementary schools and 92 percent in middle schools. Parents know that the job of a good school teacher is not an easy one. The teachers and staff in our Catholic Schools are allies and supporters in helping parents instill solid moral lessons in our children. They deliver a curriculum that accentuates academic aptitude and moral responsibility. The Catholic school family--the teachers, administrators, librarians, and support staff--are all working every day to help parents rear and prepare America's next generation of leaders.  Mr. Speaker, learning in a religious setting is not for everyone and America's public school system is critical to providing educational opportunities for all. We must continue to vigorously support our public schools at both the Federal and local levels. At the same time, however, we should support those who seek the benefits of Catholic school and choose a religious setting as the best educational environment for their children. In effect, parents of Catholic school children pay twice--they pay their fair share of taxes necessary to support the public school system and they pay tuition at the school their children attend. I urge my colleagues to join me in addressing this inherent unfairness and work for the passage of a tuition tax credit program--some time this year--as the best way to help offset the double payment endured by those who send their children to Catholic schools.  In the interim, Mr. Speaker, as we work for passage of a tuition tax credit, all members can and should vote today for the passage of H. Res. 26 which appropriately recognizes the valuable contributions of Catholic schools across the Nation.  Ms. McCARTHY of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the many accomplishments of Catholic schools. On January 26 the annual weeklong national recognition of Catholic schools began across the Nation. I am proud to have several of the nation's high achieving Catholic schools in my district in metropolitan Kansas City, Missouri. As a former educator I understand the importance of recognizing the achievements of education throughout our Nation, and I welcome this opportunity to applaud the Catholic school community nationwide.  For 165 years, the Catholic schools of the Kansas City Diocese have prepared thousands of competent young adults fully for lives as productive citizens. There are over 40 Catholic education centers in metropolitan Kansas City, and they are all known for their high academic standards and rigorous educational instruction. These centers currently serve 14,000 students in my district. Every day over 1,000 dedicated faculty offer the guidance and instruction that make these students some of the best the Nation has to offer. Not only do the metropolitan Kansas City Catholic schools promote excellence in the classroom, they also encourage community service. In the first semester of this school year, our 14,000 students offered 87,978 hours of service to their communities by working to combat hunger and to provide care for the elderly.  One of the brightest educational beacons in the Kansas City Diocese is St. Elizabeth School in Kansas City. They are recipients of the prestigious Blue Ribbon Award from the United States Department of Education. The award recognizes St. Elizabeth's for exceeding local, State, and national education goals. I participated in the announcement of this award and was overjoyed to see the level of excellence embodied throughout the school. They expressed their gratitude by giving me a remembrance of our day together: a Kelly green sweatshirt that I cherish, especially in St. Patrick's Day parades.  St. Teresa's Academy, another blue ribbon school of excellence in my community, is the oldest school and women's institution in Kansas City. The school was founded and is sponsored by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet who, since their founding in the 17th century in France, have been in the forefront of preparing young women for the future.  I had the pleasure of accompanying the Secretary of Education, Roderick Paige, to St. Francis Xavier School in Kansas City, St. Francis is one of the seven Central City Catholic Schools established by the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City-Saint Joseph to provide educational support to children of the urban core of Kansas City. It serves a diverse population of students, some of whom are Catholic, but all come to receive their outstanding educational instruction offered as a part of the St. Francis Xavier curriculum. There is also a commitment to serving the whole child. More than half of the students at St. Francis qualify for free or reduced lunch. The school also participates in partnership with community organizations, including the Rockhurst University School of Education for teacher and parent training; Rockhurst High School in establishing a ``Middle School Academy'' to align curriculum, share resources, and setting up a mentoring program; and Young Audiences, to enrich the curriculum through the arts by having visual and performing artists work with teachers. St. Francis is part of the President's Service alliance and all students are required to perform community service. St. Francis students get real life experiences as part of their curriculum through partnerships the teachers establish with the community. The students also have a connection to students in the global society fostering the development of cultural awareness.  I have also visited St. Thomas More School for a presentation by 6th Graders on the Federal minimum wage. This was part of a class project titled ``That is Not Fair,'' a program which emphasizes social justice issues. I was accompanied by Brigid Flanigan, principal; Leanna Kilgore, Cindy Rapp, Barbara Mingori, and Paula Pawlewicz, 6 grade teachers; Ann Harbin, facilitator of the ``That's Not Fair program; and Michael Poulin, social justice program coordinator. After listening to the presentation and hearing the students' hopes and aspirations of the future I challenged the students to reach high and achieve their goals. With the first rate education provided by St. Thomas More and throughout the Kansas City Diocese, there is no question that they will be prepared to do just that.  Mr. Speaker, these are but a few of the Catholic schools in metropolitan Kansas City which play an important role in gifting students with the abilities to excel academically, socially, and civically. And I ask all of my colleagues to join me in celebrating the legacy and the bright future of the Catholic schools in the 5th District of Missouri and of the Nation.  