Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment brings back the level of funding for the first year to the level recommended by the President, the amount of $2 billion, which is the amount that is also in our budget resolution.  The third reason is I would like to document and persuade to my colleagues, expert witnesses from Africa that are suggesting that it is going to be much more effective to start gradually and then increase the spending over the year.  My amendment does not decrease the total 5 year commitment of $15 billion, but, rather, is consistent with what the President has requested, starting at $2 billion and then growing each year.  I would like to read a letter from a former United States ambassador to several of those African countries.  ``As the son of a medical missionary to Africa, a career State Department diplomat with over 28 years of service, mainly in Africa, and as the former United States Ambassador to Rwanda and Mali, I am well aware of the problems making foreign aid genuinely benefit the populations it was intended to impact. Throughout my career, I have been involved in rural health initiatives in Africa, and while there is great need to meet the challenge of AIDS in Africa, front-loading a program might well do more harm than good. There is great risk in squandering precious funds when expenditures are made without adequate controls or accountability. We also risk forcing our big-ticket solutions on Africans who may need more modest help in finding local solutions and building up their own capacity to deal with the challenge in the early year.  ``Accordingly, I support the original emergency plan for AIDS relief proposed by the President that would launch this new initiative to $2 billion in '04 and steadily escalate spending over 5 years.''  Again, because we can maximize this money over the 5-year period, because it would be consistent with the President and the budget resolution, I hope Members support the amendment.  