Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution.  I thank our cosponsors for being a part of this, including the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Pitts), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Lincoln Diaz-Balart), the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Chabot), the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen), the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bereuter), the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Hoeffel), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Wexler), the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. Bordallo), the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Leach), the gentleman from American Samoa (Mr. Faleomavaega), the gentleman from California (Mr. Gallegly), and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Wamp), a good cross-section of Members, a bipartisan group, supporting House Resolution 109.  Mr. Speaker, the Government of North Korea is an historical anachronism, a totalitarianist Stalinist regime under the control of the Korean Workers Party, the so-called Dear Leader, or Kim Jong-Il, a man who demands godlike reverence and enjoys a decadent, opulent lifestyle while hundreds of thousands of children and their parents starve to death.  His regime, his dictatorship, Mr. Speaker, is one of the worst systematic abusers of human rights in the world today. Inside North Korea, there are no genuine freedoms of speech, religion, or assembly. The penal code imposes a penalty of death for a wide variety of crimes against the revolution, including defection, attempted defection, slander of party policy, listening to foreign broadcasts, and imagine that, one listens to a radio show and one can be charged with crimes against the revolution, and writing letters or possessing printed material that is considered reactionary.  The regime maintains an extensive system, Mr. Speaker, of political prison camps that hold an estimated 200,000 prisoners, including entire families of those suspected of disloyalty toward the dictatorship.  As confirmed by eyewitness testimony presented before the Committee on International Relations last year, camp conditions are horrific. Starvation, overwork, and disease kill most of the camp inmates. Others are used as targets for martial arts practice or as guinea pigs for lethal tests of chemical weapons.  Christians are tortured to death for refusing to renounce their faith in one who is greater than the Dear Leader. Female prisoners are not allowed to bear additional children, and their newborns are routinely and brutally killed before their eyes, usually by smothering or having their necks broken.  Based on reputable reporting, Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 109 recounts the abominable conditions inside North Korea and exhorts the dictatorship in Pyongyang to respect human rights for its citizenry. More immediately, it urges the Department of State to support the introduction and passage of a resolution on human rights abuses in North Korea at the current session of the U.N. Commission on Human Rights in Geneva.  At the State Department's suggestion, we included language that urges other members of the Commission to support that effort. While the Commission has censored numerous countries in recent years, North Korea has inexplicably escaped its notice. We hope that oversight will be corrected during this session.  I want to thank those 19 bipartisan cosponsors, particularly the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde); the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Leach), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and Pacific; and the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), the ranking member of the committee, for their support.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  