Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 2433, as amended, the Health Care for Veterans of Project 112/Project Shad Act of 2003. Project SHAD stands for ``shipboard hazard and defense.'' It was a program that was conducted in the 1970s. I will get into that in a moment. I do want to thank the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Simmons), and the subcommittee's ranking member, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Rodriguez), for their work and cooperation in moving this very bipartisan bill forward. I want to thank them for their leadership on it.  This bill would authorize the VA to provide higher priority health care to veterans who participated in Project 112/SHAD. These tests, which involved exposure of servicemembers to simulated chemical and biological agents and in some cases, Mr. Speaker, actual poisons, were conducted by the Department of Defense at their Desert Test Center from 1962 through 1973. In the past year, DOD has released information about all of these secret Cold War-era tests and has worked with the Department of Veterans Affairs and our committee to identify and notify veterans who participated in the tests, some of them unknowingly. This legislation will ensure that those veterans who did participate in those tests are able to receive medical evaluations and treatment if necessary at VA health care facilities on a higher priority basis without being required to establish service connection for these illnesses they believe were caused by those exposures. H.R. 2433 also includes several measures designed to help the VA to maintain a quality workforce in all of its health care facilities.  There is a well-documented shortage of trained registered nurses, for example, in the United States; and this shortage affects the VA's ability to deliver care to veterans. Our committee has expressed concern about a VA policy that requires VA-registered nurses to obtain baccalaureate degrees in nursing in order to advance beyond entry nurse-grade levels. The VA's continuation of this policy in the face of high demand and scarcity of nursing personnel discourages qualified nurses from seeking VA employment and makes the VA's ability to retain current nurses more challenging than it needs to be. H.R. 2433 will help keep the VA competitive with the private sector so that when a VA-registered nurse is otherwise eligible for a promotion, the lack of a specific educational degree may not be used to deny that promotion from nurse grade 1 to grade 2.  Mr. Speaker, section 4 of the bill expands the number of health care workers entitled to extra pay for working weekends. Most private hospitals provide extra pay for weekend work. Many VA health care workers already receive extra compensation for working on weekends. Section 4 is an effort to eliminate current disparities between VA employees working side by side to care for sick veterans.  The legislation also gives the approximately 3,000 Veterans' Canteen Service hourly workers the right to be considered for other VA positions on a competitive basis. This right was given to VCS managers in 1979. There is no reason whatsoever to impede good VA workers from seeking career advancement to more demanding, higher-paying positions for which they are qualified.  This is a good bill. I hope that Members will support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  