Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), and say a very special thanks to the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde), who has been a stalwart in promoting this legislation. When the gentleman from Illinois was chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, 3 years ago, we ran into a serious barrier to provisions which referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. Hyde and Charles Kennedy, our former colleague, were indispensable in making sure that the legislation was not bottlenecked in that committee, and sure enough, a compromise was worked out, and the bill was released out of the Committee on the Judiciary.  I also thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner) for his leadership on this issue as well. And majority leader Tom Delay for supporting the bill and getting it to the floor. I also thank Renee Austell and Walker Roberts for their work from the Committee on International Relations, Dorothy Taft who is our chief of staff for the Commission on Security Cooperation in Europe, Maureen Walsh, who is also from the commission, who has worked on this, George Phillips, Dina Funderburk who works in the office of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), David Abramowitz, a good friend on the Democratic side who has worked so well with us, and I specially want to thank Joseph Rees, who is now our U.S. Ambassador to East Timor. He worked night and day on the original trafficking law and other pieces of legislation when he was staff director of the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights. Joseph used to be the general counsel for the INS. He knew those issues intimately and was indispensable in getting the original trafficking legislation passed. It took almost 2 years to craft that legislation. It ran into a myriad of obstacles. It was referred to four full committees, 11 subcommittees. A number of barriers had to be overcome, and Joseph did a great job, and I thank him for that.  I also remind my colleagues, and I did not go through all of the provisions, but there is so much in this bill. Just recently, the President determined which countries were Tier III, egregious violators which were not making serious and sustained efforts to get off the list, thereby subjecting themselves to a number of sanctions that will be imposed. There are a number of countries that are Tier II. In other words, they have a very serious problem with human trafficking, but they have taken efforts to get off the list. They have passed laws, issued decrees, prosecuted traffickers, and protected victims, but we are concerned, that there could be some erosion or backsliding so they will be watched.  I believe under John Miller's leadership and, of course, with the strong oversight capabilities of the Congress, we will keep pressure on those countries. We create in this bill a newwatch list to try to prevent that kind of slippage from occurring. Yes, the sword of Damocles has been removed, for the time being, from these countries, and there were some 15 that were on Tier III that were at risk of losing significant benefits from the United States Government, many of which got off that through a flurry of activity. But I want them to know, and I say this in bipartisan way, we will be watching. If there is any backsliding, if they do not continue the work to mitigate, and hopefully end, this horrific practice of human slavery, they will lose those benefits. We will take our case everywhere, including the World Bank, international multilateral lending institutions, and they will lose their support if they do not end this complicity in human trafficking. So the watch list is a very important inclusion in this statute or soon-to-be statute. I just want to bring Members' attention to it.  Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, a bipartisan bill, and I hope Members will support it.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  