Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, let me just make this very clear. The other side cannot have it both ways. The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Edwards) argue that this legislation will not stop a single abortion, while the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Maloney) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) took to the floor and argued that it would ban all abortions after 12 weeks. They cannot have it both ways.  Let us be very clear. Let us have intellectual honesty in this debate. We are trying to proscribe a horrific procedure wherein a baby who is partially born, only to have his or her brain jabbed with a scissors or some other sharp instrument and his or her brains are sucked out, thereby killing that child. This was invented by the abortion industry as a way of precluding what they considered a ``dreaded complication,'' that is, late-term abortions where babies actually survive and go on to be adopted in many cases.  There have been many instances where babies survive an hour, 2 hours or longer. Some survive and are adopted, having survived later-term abortions. Partial birth abortion ensures that there is no survivor. They set out to kill the baby. The abortionist succeeds in his task.  Let me also point out that the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Slaughter), my good friend, argued that partial-birth abortions are performed ondisabled children. First of all, I resent the fact that somebody would suggest that a disabled child ought to be executed in this fashion. The Americans with Disability Act and all the other disability legislation finally brought us to the point where we recognized disabled people as just as human, just as alive, just as entitled to the best possible life imaginable as everyone else. To say that somehow the disabled ought to have this method reserved for them because, of course, they are disabled, I think, is unconscionable.  Let me also say, Ron FitzSimmons from the Abortion lobby made it very clear Pro-Abortion side ``lied through our teeth'' about for whom this method was intended. It is intended for later-term, second-trimester and third-trimester abortions. They lied through their teeth about who it was these were performed on. And how often they are performed.  Most of the kids who are killed with partial-birth abortion methods are perfectly healthy, perfectly normal, and those kids, like their disabled brothers and sisters, should not be executed in this terrible way or in any other way.  